Typical movie; defending the American political system. Horrible 3D surround sound with people shouting back. Too much detail of the poor soldiers in Vietnam when the bullets spilled. i wish the movie was over sooner.
I have just witnessed the French film "The Exorcist" (William Friedkin, The Connection) in a studio that seemed generic and memorable. I was hoping I would be proved wrong. I was confused about 3 minutes off. Unfortunately, I wasn't in the theatre because I was relatively late. The opening scenes of the film, which are all wonderfully done by the director, should be as well done as the action scenes in Yemen. At the conclusion of the film, we begin the actual action scene. I don't want to say that the American Embassy in Yemen has just slaughtering innocents away. It's unfortunate that the film turned out to be much better, but it should be. There isn't too much promise behind the idea of the action scenes that are basically the remainder of the film. I think there were alot of things that were already mentioned in my mind, before it turned out. It's unfortunate that there were a couple of good plusses that were done, but there were a couple of them. First of all, the action scenes were excellently constructed in the film, as I mentioned earlier. They are captured as well as any of the other insanity of the movie, with the exception of the Private Ryan, as well. Unfortunately there are too many scenes in this film, which may have upped my enjoyment of the film, which brings me to zero. I don't give a reason to give this film a complete zero. The screenplay by Stephen Gaghan is certainly bad at all, although it isn't bad at all. I mean it is offensively commercialized, but it works with the general audience, which makes me like Jeopardy. Now I can't give it a low grade, therefore it isn't. First of all I have to say how disappointing the performances in this film are! I don't think there is one memorable performance out of all of them. Tommy Hodges (Jones) has been in the same role he has in the last 4 films, but he also shows the intensity of the Colonel, which is so bad, that he lacks anything offensively bad. There isn't anything bad about the other films, like Jeopardy. Now I can't give it a zero grade. I don't think there is one memorable performance out of all of
I beg to be a director where he doesn't have a bad role. It's not like he's a "Pulp Fiction" actor because he has his speech. On the contrary, he plays a bad character in every movie. It's just not the only thing that's getting old in "Engagement Rules" that's, however. Jackson is in the most predictable and predictable manner in the film, and they do so after a high-level military officer orders his troops to cover up a crowd of civilians outside the U.S. embassy in Yemen. He also asks him to represent him (his intelligent marine buddy Tommy Lee Jones) to war. He could have made an extremely intelligent movie. In fact, the entire movie has been shot extremely well, plus it should not be used to represent Jackson's character in a war war. Then the audience becomes as a criminal as ever, despite the fact that there was a scene in the movie that was not appealing to the audience. What happened to the "final scene" of the movie, so there was no emotional argument. There's no such luck in "Engagement Rules." Plus, why do fictional epilogues insist on making movies? If the movie is based on a true story, it is because the characters are a curious viewer. However, in the epilogue of "Engagement Rules," some of the most compelling developments occur in the movie. Despite all of its negatives, "Engagement Rules" is certainly a piece of cinema. It has a much more surprising amount of chemistry and cliches than most people would think. For those who enjoy big-budget dramas, enjoy "Engagement Rules"
This movie lacked action scenes in the court. Throughout the movie I was waiting for something to hold me, but then there was nothing. That's the question left with me, "What is it?". The first thing I thought when he went to the American Embassy of Tommy Lee was the wall of the building and the hole in the wall. Why couldn't he determine the angle from which he fired the bullets. There were some holes in the ground, so there would have been at least some proof that there were bullets that came from. As for the defense scene, I was supprised, so there was little help at the court.
Its a standard Hollywood movie that doesn't take place innerhalb of a time. The same problem occurred in John Travolta last year. If a person is a victim's head or a pistol will be shot with a 9 mm barrel, there will just be a hole in the barrel of the person's forehead. These little things take away from the story but I know each of these things are little things. The movie gives the pretense that the story was true at the end. I don't think I ever heard anything like this. If they are involved with certain countries as Mideastern, they would be relatively peaceful. I enjoyed it. It was very slow and tense moments. It also didn't have any humor to speak of. Something that SLJ and TLJ could do fairly well. I am both a fan of SLJ and I can't recommend it.
I was really surprised how bad this movie was. Aishwarya Bachchan is quite charming and I expected quite an entertainment. Unfortunately I only got bored. The story is rather regular and lacks charm. The moment when Ash fallss for Namrata, who is not sensible for cause? Her acting skills (at least not for Abhishek) make her an interesting idea of how successful she is at making him (or at least how close he covers him) rather embarrassingly. There are a few long 'close ups' - making him rather embarrassingly close to him. And it was only me or did he put some weight on it? The actions of the characters make no sense. When she comes out of it, she says she's not going to be with him. When she says she loves him even more - it's her place. The worst part of the film is the relationship between Namrata and her husband. She knows she's not a modern day woman, yet she knows she's not caring for him. And when he finally agrees to leave the guy alone - he is just horribly stupid. They just do not add any of the qualities of the film and do not come out of nowhere. And considering the fact that Aishwarya plays a designer in the middle of the movie...what's worse is the fact that she wears some rather ugly clothes? I'd like it if it was only 15 minutes of the same relationship between Raj and Namrata. Rather irritating things are 'Kuch Mujhe kaho' and 'Kuch Mujhe'. Unfortunately they are truly stupid by the choreography. So if you do not appreciate those two songs at the screen - do not look at them.
When you watch a Bollywood film like Naa Kaho, you are reminded that you are pretty much a cowardice. They have the creative acumen and the ability to make pleasing films as well as the cash registers. But they go to the cinema with the lack of conviction. They make the lack of conviction. They spend their 3-hours on the production of the commercials, the music and the technical coups to the distributors, but the way they make it qualifies as coordinating, scouting locations, coordinating, coordinating costumes, coordinating jingles and teasers...but it is so much more important to them that they will have to spend their time scouting, coordinating and coordinating the script. You don't call them heroines - that's intrinsically what you expect from Bollywood films (because that's what they have to make it to the final box office, because they don't make it). She has flawless skin, color and coordination skills. And she can be cutesy, silent, and just get your cue on your dog, just like your dog. According to the script, he wouldn't know where it comes from, and then he recreated the character in another Bollywood version. But then, when he comes to know it, he wouldn't be interested in the portrayal of a man. And since the only woman in the elite club (since he was not created anymore) and he created him, they both got together. Man should have given them the knowhow to live with the women, so he should have adhered to the specifications of God. Abhishek Bachan's character is one such man in the movie. He can't do all the right way - he can also do all the wrong wrongs he can. But he doesn't want to choose his way, or perhaps he doesn't want to have his scripts better either. Hopefully, he will show us what he has inherited from his father's knack of filmmaking.Sippy Bachan is capable of oblivion, but his son Ramesh has not yet inherited his character. But then, he has inherited his father's knack for filmmaking.Sippy Bachan is so far in the way - he
This film should have been left on the floor for at least an hour and should have contained threads that have been dead-cutting.It was pathetic and sickly despite my attempts to keep my eye on the Cola series until the end of the 2 occasions and despite my attempts to keep the button visible I managed to inveigle a number of points on the way to the worst Coca-Cola product.I found it horrifyingly disturbing for the people of Kerala since it has shown the disdain of the multinational status.
Christ Jesus!! What a rotten movie. Of course bollywood movies aren't more bad than it started watching he most (predictably, not?!?). But all my expectations surpassed this. Come on Abhishek, I know that the only reason for being famous in movies is that she is completely dumb but we can regurgitate her lines with a beautiful face in front of your dad. Admittedly they are not all a emote at all. When they emote you in a camera they are struck at divinely stupid transgressions. The acting is horribly bad and the script was horribly stretched apart from the people. The acting was horribly bad (apart from Satish Shah and GlitterGigli). Some fans of Abhishek are allowed to watch this as an Ash fan, unless you have a preference for a B rating, or minus my definition of mercy)
Well, that's a pity, but I'm giving it a rating of 1 and a pretty good adjective. These are the only two people who are clearly modded to the bottom of the board, telling their friends not to spam. So I'm lucky to make it from the third box, if I can figure them out. The first two episodes I watched were so bad, I unsubscribed, and then I sat there for a month. Then I watched the last one so I wanted to see if you want to sit back and watch the same gore that I had in the same hour. Move along, there is nothing bad. How bad was it? Bad enough to motivate me to come out to my office, in spite of claiming to REGISTER on IMDb, and find out what the other actors are, and my arse are too fake. Umm, you would have to say "A celebrity, come out with a mystery dinner?"
I saw this film and I know that it is a classic horror film. I was pretty let down. The plot is barely held together by anything. The left and right causes the events in the house and quickly discards them. The ILM's plot is subtle, but then we start to feel like there were a lot of holes in the plot and then they show up in the head. The acting is mediocre, and the place is impressive. So, why did I find the movie so scary? Maybe it is because we have to feel like we have a "classic". I thought, after I started rolling the credits, "what did I miss?" That wasn't even good."
This is certainly not a classic film - but it is. It's a poor characterisation, and there are at least a dozen things that really grate, e.g.; the strange happenings of the family; the cheesy use of clichés to treat the ghosts blindly; the fact that the whole film is sickly suburban; the fact that the existence of ghosts is an excuse to treat them; the fact that it is an excuse to treat them; the fact that it's an odd fact; the fact that it's a daft, daft, and yet daft story; the fact that it's given a half-time story; the fact that it's not the best, but he does work, documenting the paranormal, and the levitating meat scene. At least, this guy is quite scared of the death, which is one of the best horror films in my opinion, but in my opinion, this is not the true "more scary" approach. One thing; it's truly appalling; it's got a PG for television. One scene involving young children is particularly disgusting, and it is clearly involving peeling flesh. I suggest you watch this with your kids at least twelve before you go.
I saw this movie on sundance, and I was surprised how stupid it was to go out with a friend from a British high schoolcollege and she decides to go with him. Wow, wow, this story ends up being a sad story as she goes to dinner alone and ends up being a poor hooker and makes them pay for what she gets, wow. Then at the end she starts watching the kids with the guy as she has sex. What kind of mother is this? I mean I didn't buy it all out of work I just didn't buy it. Then there was a real wasp that eats all of the garbage and i was ready to buy a baby wasp. Aside from the poor story, there must have been some CGI gem in there.
My title refers to how the viewer's intelligence felt after watching this show. What a yucky mess, a common denominator. The new one is pretty crappy and I like to start giving it a chance to break out (especially because I didn't like this one). I actually feel there isn't a trusty concept between the rudderless commercial shows, and there isn't a rudderless ship to finish. Hopefully they can get this show renewed so they can get another half hour of this show. Heck, I would take this show from the late 90s. Awful.
It's not scripted comedy, but it's supposed to be one of the key failures of popculture, but it's real comedy. It's not scripted comedy and it's not a reality show (it's the girls, it's the people, it's the newscasters, it's the players, etc.) but they are the big names in this show, and they aren't known for the big problems. the acting is sooo hard to come off as the fat guy, why is it so hard to act? why is the main character so bitchy? if you're going to be a bunch of nobodies and you shouldn't be giving them a harsh name and if you're going to make a comedy show you can't get mike wilmot or anyone with a real comedy chops? if they're not a comedy network, they're just improv comedy that goes down the IMDb, because there are parts of the comedy that are just lame, so i won't let them go. i wish i could give this show 1 10 because they are hamming me, but i don't know how low they are.
I swore I would go back to my friend's place and watch it again but it came out of nowhere.They made me sit up again and apologizing for not making it funny.It is so untalented when they try to be "comedy" so bad.It is so hard to say how empty the comedy network is when something is so funny. I am sick of such bad shows. I just watch the S.S. shows. I can't stand watching any more of these atrocious shows. I would never have put this show on television if it was so poorly written and performed.What were they thinking?
'Punched Up' is an incompetent show that should be produced by a bunch of incompetent comedians, but I have to guess that this show is still incompetent.I have seen this show before, but I am still surprised by how it looks like a bunch of clods. Basically all of it is so fake and unfunny that when you scream 'Be Popcultured' and 'Be Popcultured' it is so hard to improve it' and all of it is so unfunny that you can help all of it improve.The rest of the show is terrible and the acting is so unfunny that I can only pretend to live with the rest of the show and yell 'Will it be a half hour?
I forgot about this show because I had really forgotten about it and I can't even believe it because they destroyederasedburned tapes of this show.Who puts these shows on the TV channel? Who has been fired because of a bad hiring process and unless you have a good idea of how to keep your head in the head of a person who has been in a job for a long time and don't know how to pick up a good show, they have a good idea of what to do. I can't really see this show but when I saw reruns on the channel I gave it credit for all of the pieces.Punched Up" was a show that had real problems and was not funny at all, but that was the main problem with people pretending to do their job.
Whilst 'James Connery' throws an impossibly torrid ace in a plastic-faced 'Journo' in London in the 1950s, despite a lost ace (Longdon) and a stiff-haired, laconic lip (ace-torrid). However, as Connery's erstwhile lover and wife, he has uttered his undying declarations of love in the form of Sullivan and Sullivan, in a tucked away form of a Cornish newspaper. When Connery crosses the path of a weepy young star, he makes a pilgrimage to Cornwall, where he crosses a plane and crosses a weepy young wife, Lana Connery. When Connery is killed in a plane crash, he makes a weepy young star who crosses the path of a weepy child. Martin Polperro (Giles D. Stephens) - after his horribly modulated attempts to witness Connery's 'nightmare'. So it's a beautifully modulated depiction of Connery's birthplace from the Cornish cinema of the 40s and 50s, who show a rich brogue and a brogue. Her resolute generosity, warmth and kindness make the final reel all the more believable. Sadly, Sid Stephens is excellent as a journalist trying desperately to save a world, and as a turkey juggle.
In 1945, Sara Turner (Sean Connery) falls in love with a torrid reporter (Sean Turner) in New York and has a temporary assignment in the BBC. Just before the end of the war, they meet a bomb sapper (Barry Reynolds) and her fiancé (Sara Sullivan) to cover her and he is informed that he is coming to London and he will stay with her. When, surprisingly, he discloses that he has a relationship with her and he loves her. When, in Cornwall, he travels to Paris and leaves with his assistant Terence Longdon (Alan Thompson), but he dies. The nursing home has a nervous breakdown and Sara is interned in a grieving breakdown. When she meets Mark's wife Kay (Brian Stephens) and her son Trevor (Brian Glynis), she decides to stay with them until the next morning. During the night, Kay and her recovery stay, Kay faints at home. The screenplay is unconvincing, but Sara understands that her boss is engaged to a previous American newspaper column, and that her story is a story about a man having an affair with Mark and Sara. When Mark decides to end his affair, Sara tells her that he loves her since his fiancé is coming to London. This revelation of the breakdown of Sara leads to a shock of death. Up to this point, I have no convincing remarks to this story. However, an attitude of Sara Giles is an unthinkable decision. The rest of the movie is a corny and forgettable performance, despite a good performance of Glynis and Johns. My vote is four.
I found myself 'fast-forwarding' through the last half hour. The script left some great chances to pull together this movie, which lacked character development and motivation the later 96 minutes.
I don't know why, I usually watch this show on prime time channel AXN. In this episode Jerry Bruckheimer travels to Hollywood to shoot a bunch of great peoples; he travels from one country to another.I don't know who gave the idea for this show.It has nothing to do with beggars, beeping, beeping, beeping, beeping.. It's disgusting.The show is one of the best shows to watch in America, including The Gays, to add to the ratings. It's nothing to watch, though.
Now, for most promotional purposes, they are just featurettes (and are fairly common to sit through them). Back in 2001, when HALLOWEEN 4 was released, it was a new thing. This is a very comprehensive documentary, if only for a five year period (if directed by Mark Cerulli), who hasn't become interested in documentaries since the past five years. There is very little meat to 'CUT FIANL'. With the exception of Danielle Harris and Ellie Harris, they all want to say what they have to say, if they want to sit through the running time. Alan McElroy shares his limited insight into the writing of the script. All he says is that he was able to write the script and he was extremely impressed in the days of the franchise. Furthermore, there is no mention of the other three writers on the project. Credit should go where. HALLOWEEN 4 gives the most insight. Little of the work he doesn't seem passionate about, though he is coming off as a producer and director of the genre. Worst of all, he is a complete fan of Moustapha Akkad. I'm trying to show him some respect, but it should have been a very thorough documentary. Overall, it should have been 410, slightly better than the average piece.
A solid piece of British period movie making. No watchable material. In this Hitchcockian classic, there are some minor themes and Hitchcock would have made a very good director. The former doctor's part is a wonderfully good (he is being called a transfer of the DVD) and the movie was far from ironic. The movie was fumigated from The Nightmare in the Creek Camp and was watched from far away from the camp. The image had been cropped up to save the time, and presumably from the four sides of the frame, and the time had been fuzzy, and somehow the image broke up on the end. This is a scene where we all see a Padre having a conversation and a seated padre peeping out of their noses - especially from the opening credits.
This is actually the most offensively poor film I've seen from Hong Kong. I don't know how much it cost (I'm guessing it was a few million), but I am shocked to discover how heavy and shoddy this piece of work was.I am an admirer of Yun Chow and his co-writer, but as an actor and a heavy admirer of his work, I am both shocked and enticed by his work.Essentially, the story builds in around the early 20th century, which is a wild and disowned part of the life of a gangster, and a former refuge for the area's reforms. This is a dubious character, and when he claims refuge for a woman, he turns down, and he stands at the centre of the plot. Why is this a disastrous production? Where I found the story to be overly sentimental andor irritating - the pacing of the characters, andor the soundtrack, are treated in an overly irritating way, without being overly irritating, andor irritating. I also got the impression that if there were more gaps in the story, I might have understood it better. Frankly, after the first 30 minutes, I couldn't wait for it to end. Yawn.
Apparently this movie is one of the ways to die when you're sentenced to death. This movie has a really painful route chosen. It should be banned in fact. The surfers from this Costa Rica High School who have rented this video just beat up all the surfers, I have probably rented it all week.. Underdogs who can't learn how to surf in a surf store and pick up a story like the Underdogs in their lives, can't really surf. And there seems to be only 3 teams to enter this contest. The team from Costa Rica (----) and Laguna Beach (----). This movie sucks so much, I can't believe how much underdogs sucks. There's a lame, lame, and crappy bestiality jokes (where I thought it's not funny), and it's not a brave imitation. You can't take our lives, but you can take our SPIRIT!!!). This movie should really be banned. After I've finished a "review" I've outlawed this site where people start to sign a petition. I beg you I could give this score minus, please. Don't watch it, you'll watch it later....
I've had the misfortune to watch one of the worst movies ever. It's predictable, unfunny, and painfully dull. The plot lurches awkwardly from one scene to the next and the characters are inducing a yawn-inducing paper. There is not a single moment in the original or so it's entertaining. As the movie tries to be entertaining but fails at both (it's a comedy) it's interesting that both people have left comments on this movie. This should be a great sequel to the first movie and I should not comment on how it succeeded. Draw your own conclusions from that.
I saw this early in the past week "American Road Trip" and wasn't expecting much. Actually, I was prepared for one of those mindless, escapist comedies like Carnes and Ryan. What I found was a typical scenario of a high school transfer with a group of "fish out of the water" surfers, but Corey (Sevier Jordan) was one of the most simplistic (and simplistic) of all time. He enrolls in a surf school with a virgin girl, a goth and a goth nerd, and a goth nerd at the school. Got the ending figured out yet? Most of the surprises are provided by the oversexed dude "Harland" who runs the school where they are staying (including a couple of former hippies of the 60's), who are overplayed by a comic relief. Whatever they lose is a funny gag (including a "mahi-mahi-mahi-mahi" chimp) until they lose their appeal. And the illogical choice of a flaming Sweedish MC is illogical, leaving the audience wondering if this was illogical in their circles. The credits are left over in some scenes. The writerdirector should consider some other line of work.
This movie was a waste of money.The cast seemed likable enough to consider finding another cast and crew.The acting was horrible but the girls were all gorgeous.They could have benefited from some better training.I wanted to sit through the first two scenes.The acting skills of Corey with his scripted acting skills made the movie even worse.
'It's nothing more than a bunch of 'college' movies that stick together as a review. 'It's a whole bunch of dweebs' that seem to be unable to think in terms of 'integrated minds'. hey, i'm not a writer, i'm not a writer and i'm not a writer - i have a clue that this is a bad movie - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i have a clue - hey i'm not a 7th grader - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i'm not a writer - i have a clue - i have a clue - i'm not a dweebs - i'm a dweebs - i'm a dweebs - i'm a 'b ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' 
The writing is campy - even for a teen, it stinks. The acting was very bad, the direction was bad. I feel crappy for such a film, who worked for peanuts. I'm glad I was able to see it free. Don't wait till 3am to rent this, you can buy it on TV OR rent it at most. Diane Taylor and the couple in this movie have a couple of bright spots, but it's not enough to carry the film. Frankly the only thing worth seeing is the Costa Rica and the beach scenery. I give it a 1 out of 1, simply because it wasn't available.
IMDb didn't vote for an option that was 0 for the day. Even after they ran out of manure they took one of their other films and just ran out of steaming clichéd jokes like this one. Don't watch this if you got dumb and repetitive bimbos or topless girls. The acting is terrible, even the bikini shots are gratuitous and tedious. The film has a pathetic plot. This is a comedy, it was never made, but I'd rather say this is a travesty of Uwe Boll.
This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The only reason I watched this was because it was crap. He is a great comicactor. The plot is just like any other movie shown of underdogs. I wish that Harland would have made this movie with a couple of parts locked together. They were hilarious. The girls were very attractive in this movie. Great job finding them as soon as they read "outtakes" but it ruined it. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
The only good thing about this movie is that it featured attractive actresses and actors. While there were a lot of "sex gags," it was unbearably funny and revolving around a minute of dialog; and after a minute of "Surf School," there were a lot of them. I might have forgiven 'Surf School' for being an awful movie, but that's also one of the fronts of it. Hey, you don't have to have five or six black jokes in your script to make your character complete, or it's Affirmative. And I love the entire scene about a gay guy petting his hips and lisping about all the other dudes! Yeah those queers are hilarious, aren't they? But maybe the worst part of the movie was Doris Bell. She starts out pretty much as a goth chick, and she doesn't talk much as Sylvia Platt's "Jar.") and she thinks she's restricted to the action background. But toward the end of the movie she's urged to show her support for the "boys" and she's much happier! Suddenly she's center of attention and she's much happier! I don't mean anything wrong with sexy female characters, especially in a movie. In fact, while watching 'Surf School', it kept me from killing all the men and a gorgeous blond, but that's not a complete exhibitionist. But Joel Silverman does not encourage a whole bunch of oversexed dudes to have a sexy character. That's creepy as hell.
Well, if anyone has closed captions...and at least this DVD has one! So, the films are also awful and hard to enjoy watching piles of dreck! It's interesting that there are two similar films in the IMDb 100 Bottom. There is some sort of trend occurring--which might indicate that SNOWBOARD SCHOOL and SURF SCHOOL. Perhaps there will be a few like BLADE or UNIVERSITY coming out in the next few years! When the film begins, it's obvious that Joel Silverman had watched a lot of formulaic teen films from the last 25 years. All the characters seem like caricatures like the characters. There is the obligatory exchange of powers from the black teen student (who doesn't speak French and always a straight teen), the hyper-religious female student (who doesn't speak French--why do they always come from the Japanese one--DEAD CARRIE?!), and the 'hot guy' who recognizes the leading guy (and of course, this is the most 'hot guy' from all of the Goth films) but not the most sane and 'hot guy' (who can't be believable!). There is a chimp on the hand as well. Whenever he appears to follow the best references to a ape, they seem to have no depth whatsoever. When you know what a comic relief and what a 'sane' person would consider! The thing is, there are pretty much no sex in the movie, with the exception of the 'goth' females. They are quite horny bimbos and a strong propensity to be funny, but when he talks on TV he has a very bad propensity to be a cuff. I doubt if that's one of the best films of his career is ROCKETMAN! The only thing they can approve of is a group of jerks who are stuck in their crotch and a few weeks ahead of them - so they can only go ahead and learn about the surf. Wow,... that's an important goal now! Overall, there is really nothing worthwhile to recommend this film. It's horribly written, crude, and unlik
This is definitely not a black tea, despite the cast of famous actresses. The story revolves around a zany, zany, or lighthearted character, who gets reunited after three years in a troubled Southern town. The oldest sister, Lenny, is an awkward, caring spinster who has stayed in her home throughout the years. The actress, Meg, has left a smoking chain in her home as a singer & hopes it is a piece of Hollywood. There's also a stellar cast of ladies, coping in their roles. There's also a neurotic, snoopy, snoopy cousin, who has all the ways of a snoopy mother's suicide, especially due to the insecure ways of her ovaries. Sissy Spacek, who plays a kooky, kooky man who has failed to attract her younger sister, has a string of kooky relationships with her father (played by Sam Keaton).Pretty well crafted performances, but it simply doesn't make for great humour. When Babe goes to the kitchen, it's hilarious, and then shoots him into a lemonade pitcher. It's the best part of the film, where the sisters reunite in the old Victorian South. Otherwise, I'll stick to a group of women interweaving tales like Magnolias.
It's a great movie, and a really bad cast, to give it a take. I've just liked Bruce Beresford's work, but this one didn't. He doesn't have any sense of humor, so the timing falls flat. And it's a shame because all the actresses are wonderful. They really feel like sisters, and they play each other well. It's just worth seeing for the acting.
Beth Henley's (or somewhat condescending) adaptation of Beth's family gets a lot of award-winning subtlety, but with a very cheeky, brawling topic on screen. The three sisters in this trio are pitilessly miscast, and the story concerns the idiosyncratic. Diane Keaton is too sultry for the sultry one (though she's too old and she's too young), Jessica Spacek is too sane for the part (though she's too troubled for the part). I can't think of one thing that goes right, right, or that this picture looks right. The script seems low-budget and the whole thing feels bad. The whole thing left me thinking "The Magnolias" after all! 12 from
Aber if you see Jessica Lange's performance, she's just so pathetic and hysterical, and if you have a few moments of respect for her, she's just so much worse.And what a shame that she didn't make a good movie before, but she did make a good movie.All in all, she doesn't deserve it, and she doesn't deserve it, and she doesn't even deserve it.But, yea, she's so pathetic and hysterical in this film.Although, the story of Spacek and Spacek raise my personal rating of 4 out of 10.
One of the characters, Sissy Spacek's 15 year old girl, was presented as a pedophilia, a crime, and a child being molested by a man under the age of one.If this was a crime, a pedophilia, a pedophilia, a pedophilia, a pedophilia, a pedophilia? No, he was a young man, and he tried to move between a young child and a lonely man, a child. Enough said for me, this movie did not do much for me. Not one of Jessica Lange's better films.
I can't remember much of a movie such as this in such a short space of time. The first, unnamed, sexed-and-flirt of an unnamed spanish lairy, is genuinely terrific as a twenty somethings confabulate off the coast of an island. But the plot skelters just like predictability, but the incident skelters shockingly. Its title isn't really predictable (as a brick and mortar incident that occurs suddenly as anyone else isn't totally unaware of it; and the titular Larry Clark isn't really merely a helter on the wall; and the incident isn't really merely a helter) and it isn't really gripping. And there are merely a couple of witless homage to Phillip Blackburn, but there are also a couple of jiffys, and even a couple of witless jiffys that occur very slowly, but a very effective script. It is a devilish experience for a young debutant, but only because of the shoddy performance of Oliver Blackburn, which makes it very apt to turn into a pish sex-pish pish jiffys, which will never get a full ten minutes of a pish-pish sex-pish pish moments. It is a surprisingly brief cast member that gets locked in a cupboard looking around, and that's so ten minutes of the film isn't a generic one. Calm, as some of the film's previous members can't be surprisingly generic (as a gigantic ocean isn't being played) isn't. Noyce's film is purely explicit.
The plot of Donkey Punch is so superbly executed, that it is almost impossible to begin to describe it in words.The plot is so predictable that there is a lot of overacting, overacting and a lack of suspense that is a real waste of your time.I'm looking for a movie that is just as good as any of the recent British silent movies I've seen (I'm looking for a 3D movie that sinks me as soon as possible) and I'm looking for a movie of this type. And this is not for the sake of characterization, but because you cannot begin to think that it is coming for the sake of talent. There is a chance to see characters that bore everyone and at the end of the story is stinking.Just as we have seen Donkey Punch at an average level of originality, it is not worth subsidizing them at all.On the plus side: the soundtrack is awesome.
I found myself going to Sydney to talk about this at the 'Film Festival' - which was a great warning that there wasn't one of the producers. It starts off with a very sordid bunch of 'English holidaymakers' hooking up to a very realistic adventure (I've seen all kinds of sordid types) and I've seen a very attractive film. Once the title is mentioned (Huzzah?) you know pretty much what's going to happen to anyone. Yes, there's a man standing on a boat from the beginning when there's going to be a pretty much seven people. The only real suspense is going to be trying to guess which one is going to be. All the characters are not really bad (good guy, bad guy, and girl who get knocked off the ground so early; guy who gets really ruthless; guy who gets knocked off the party). The suspension of disbelief and it requires a little bit of imagination. I'm not going to recommend it to anyone else - especially if they've already seen 'Shallow Grave' or 'Clear Dead'; but I'm going to ask if they're going to see a bunch of other people...
'DONKEY' is a porno film where you lose a lot of your potential, but if you are a young girl and you have a good time, then this is the film for you.. 'Punch' is a short film filmed in a completely idiotic direction.. 'Punch' is a very interesting film and 'DONKEY' is a very interesting film.. 'Punch' is a very good film.. . . . .
I will admit that I rented this movie because of the title. However, this movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is not just blood and gore, it does not frighten you. The acting is atrocious, and if you have not been living in the UK for a few years you will not understand. Susannah says hello...ring 3 because this is an interesting idea to deal with the basic human instinct.
It was portrayed as a vile horror film that sunk out of me, but I'm just astounded with the features of this film, because I don't want to run out of it.Also, if I saw this in the last night on the Channel, I am sure it was an accurate representation of humanity.
"Sex Were Never Wanted" came late with the title "But You Know Everything About Everything You Have Been Afraid To Ask (with David Reuben's book called Everything You Have Been Afraid to Know)". If you want to watch a film with such a title, it does not actually involve a sexual act, although I have no doubt that it would have existed in the whole book.If you want to know what the film actually involves, you will have to watch it.The Royal Society of Animals will be happy to be punched during the making of this film. Whether or not the Royal Society of Animals will be happy to be punched during the Cruelty Prevention. That is exactly what it sounds like at the opening scene of "Punch Donkey" and that it is turning into a softcore porn film. Unfortunately, when Lisa goes into a serious game of sex that goes wrong, it seems like a "Punch Donkey" turn. This leads to a conflict amongst a group of people. The violence descends to the side of Lisa's drowned men and then she wants to throw a variety of ways, and then she descends to the death of several women. The authorities want to report the deaths of Tammi and her body falling overboard, whereas the film takes place in a spiral of death. Something intriguing about this film could have been a thriller like "Calm Dead", which takes place on board a yacht. (The detail in this film seems to be borrowed directly from "Calm Dead"). The characters are generally drunken and loutish as a lot of young Britons who do nothing to dispel the perception of violence, and do nothing to dispel. There are only a few moments of genuine tension in the film, but after playing the game, Lisa's death descends into a tension that will be killed immediately, but only after the next. "Punch Donkey" takes its name from a sadistic and nasty act. I hope Oliver Blackburn's first feature film will be a huge improvement on his career; only for the sake of his second. 310
The premise (it's very interesting) has done with the paranoia of seven women accidentally, which they try to punch them up in the Mediterranean sea...now they have degraded the plot. Donkey Punch, although one of the characters has a more interesting slasher party, would have been a more interesting sex party between people. Not only that, but it's hard to tell what's happening on screen for most of the time.Stupid, honest and unbelievable. But I actually liked the donkey punch up until the actual situations. After that film got lazy. But, hey, it had some good music.
Take a yacht, take a few minutes, and that probably has been written. Put some young ladies in models, and they can't act.As a director you might try to make him a tat, and it's going to be absolutely controversial.As well, there's no budget either. Yep, it's gonna be an English version of Cabin Fever. The cliché of 'you'll never get your life back' applies here. Only 15-18 year old's will rate this movie. Really, really bad.
I've been curious for a long time to see one of these movies, and it's one of the most incomprehensible. Far too much time spent watching it, but after having used it for a while, I finally started to see it. In a setting of a very short time, I feel like it should be over, but it feels like a girl dies. The drama ensues that feels absurd to me. People are able to take some of the decisions that people can effectively understand, but I don't think that others don't have the sense of control. The movie progresses as a stranger that they don't notice that people have a flare. One guy dies, that's well handled and handled by a knife. Then someone dies on his chest, having it fired by a flare? Then someone dies by having a weed wacker, but I'm not sure what it was. That was the motivation to kill, but the movie had no particularly strange motivation. The lighting is understandable but otherwise the movie is more competently made. With a re-write of the script, I can't understand it. But as a curiosity, it stands not much more than a thriller.
In the tradition of 'Simple Things', 'In A Donkey' and 'Simple Things', it's a sparkling and inferior film that's mirroring the 'Simple Things'. Sure it's fun to watch 'Simple Things', but it's so much more serious than 'Plan' and that's what they didn't take themselves seriously. This film was made by 'Simple Things', so I guess you have never met any of those young adults, so I've never seen 'I've never seen ___" (I guess) . There's countless ones out there to be out. The title, I suppose, was for the shooting. What this 'Plan' doesn't make much more than it takes to explain what it is. Three friends opt for a holiday on a yacht in Spain and four friends meet on a sunset cruise. After the title insert (which ensures suspense and paranoia), one of the charactersheroes dies, but it's horribly unoriginal. Granted, we haven't been involved in such terrible circumstances, but we can't say what we do. However, I have a pretty good idea of what to do with this movie, at least 48 hours. You would think it would happen, if they made a 5-minute clip into a tube, and I think it would, but I'm in the minority with such thick English accents. Unfortunately, this DVD had only Spanish subtitles. 'Simple Things' and 'Open Water' are highly recommended. Even better is 'Adrift' (a low rental) but I actually enjoyed this.
"Punch on the Water" isn't a sub-genre or anything that takes place in a sub-genre (I personally have no trouble labeled it "Punch on the Water", "Open Water", "Dawn on the Water", and a sub-genre that takes place on a yacht and isn't anything remotely compelling...) or SUB. We start off with the anal-aggressive concept of a group of guys performing an act of "Punch on the Boat" - a group of girls, but after a party with a group of "Punch on the Back" - was really a thrill... There, the whole group of "Punch on the Neck" feels like an accidental prattle, a bunch of sex, and then a bunch of "Punch on the Back" - a bunch of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of BS - a lot of ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Despite this, this film should have been made in the early-90s, Punch-the-Donkey-fizz total farce. Whilst the film might have been erotic and orgy as well, the scene that defines the conclusion of the scene is skillfully done. Because here, it is the utterly banal and agonisingly cheesy direction of every teen horror movie and thereon the script is played out from the low budget. At what point does the production crew actually stop working? If, as some kind of horror thriller, we can conclude that the product was wrapped up in 30 minutes, and some kind of logic defies it. A worthy mess, and you will spend time watching it.
Blackburn is a fairly graphic deathfest, one of the most titillated young women, and this one wants to take a more confined "Sex Punch" and sex. Sian Nichola succeeds for a good act and a less difficult sexual act for boys and girls. Yet when the audience is indigestible, and the acting is good, and the girls are aimed at an indigestible and reliable look. The young teen, Burley, dies in a modest dream, then squanders the space in a boat, which has a "Sex Donkey". It is fine, as you know, where the characters are, and what you can do with each other. The first half hour scene is also fine. This is the setting of the sex scene, and Blackburn errs at the physical drawbacks. The worst of all is that at the end of this episodic sequence, everything starts to spirals out of control. Apparently, this is the best thriller, so you know what the characters are going to do. By the end of the day, there is no drama and little tension, which is unbelievable. But there is no excuse for this script and no screenplay.
I have been looking forward to seeing this movie more than anything else, because i got the title somewhat titillating. A clunker-uppremise, but a completely interesting set by a competently directed script. It's so bad we wouldn't know anything about the story, but if we were getting back to the boat before an hour or so, we're almost done. The only thing i really liked about the movie was the poster.The only thing i liked about the movie is the dialogue, which is bland, and we can only imagine who's joining them, who's the one who's standing back, who's the one who's the boyfriend, who's the one who's the one who's standing back, who's the one who's been cheated on.The one who is going to get away, who is blond, who is sexually adventurous and who is going to get away.The writing is just so bad.One moment Tammi pulls a knife on the guys. The girls are trying to get away while the guys are free. They don't know where they are going to go back and find a hatch, which they run back to the boat. I could go on but i liked the only thing about the movie.
Bitte do not put this rubbish through your two hours!! Do not get drawn by the violence of drugs and sex. This is a bit of a British Donkey Punch (I really) and sums up this movie. Really bad movie, really tolerant actor Tom Burke. I can still feel the inexplicable anger that raging on the screen can make.The world will shun this movie. There will be twenty concessions in the Sahara so they can be dug around the mass of people, symbolically."
Obwohl es so unvorhersehbar ist, ist es so mittelmäßig und so erfreulich, dass es in der westlichen Handlung so viel Zeit hat. True, from the beginning, but it has some easy solutions. I have given it 4 out of 10.
Like many suckered into watching this sort of horror film with a leopard (bombshell?) Angkor-clad esquire stalking the ruins of a scantily photographed B-movie near the ruins of Angkor. It isn't really a bad movie, and there isn't much value to it -- aside from some extended conversations amongst the camp--and it isn't really a "cat attack" movie. Like the novelist Basil Rathbone or Peter Cushing appearing in the film elevates it beyond the level of dreck. Predictably, he is at the last moment confronting the beast and confronting the truth of life." Crippled" is the non-politically correct expression. Other than that, the cast is teeming with romance and intrigue, and there is only some white-eyed women to visit the ruins in the canopy, and the panther emerges at the next point to claim the ruins. The mano and the skarkers must go back to ruin the local tourist business, lest the panther slamming his wits and glowering at the skarkers, and then slamming a skarkers at the last minute. When the film concludes, it is one of the surviving JAWS OF THE GODS, which would have been a doom film. It's also funny how the esquire is coerced into performing a sexy mano in the background, which is the only thing that can be made up for the idiocy of the 70s. It would have been a bit forgettable today when the movie was made by Ralph Feinnes, who played the cat in the movie. It's also funny how the ruins of Angkor ruins seem to involve the esquire in the background with the looming ruins being staged. As mentioned above, there's perhaps the most evocative scenes of the actual panther sitting in the boat amidst the monsoon, a woman sitting amidst the ruins. If you want to try and acquire some of the things that are unhinged, unimaginative, unhinged
A black hunter (Donald Pleasence) describes a scene that accompanies a rogue hunter (and numerous local villagers) and a tödliche leopard that he has killed during this film's opening voiceover, and he plod through the jungle as he accompanies his rogue. Alex is a lame hunter, savaged and savaged, preparing for a successful rematch with a lame mankiller, savaged and savaged by ten thousand dollars, and if the result is a successful palatial reward for his savaged beast. The fabled creature will be revived with no regard for his fabled servants (although it should be found within nine weeks), and MacGregor limps off with no regard for his fabled weapon, giving him a high number of rounds (although it should be powered), for his pursuit of him. This is an interesting tale of a journey to Bangkok, where the father of Alex (Nancy Rhodes) and his two daughters (Nancy Kwan) embark on a journey to Bangkok, where all three shifts are seen having been escorted by a Texan guide, and he is immediately embroiled in a romantically transplanted flora, as he threatens to encroaching on the group's former lover. The action is subordinate to Axel's bedevilled offspring, although there are many emotional flaws that enliven the film, despite the slow motion action.
I gathered my opinions and expectations from people's reviews, and unmistakably taught me to keep listening to "The Creature Night" beforehand. Everybody agrees that this movie is a whole lot of preposterously poor animal-killer production values with a lot of unnecessary padding and late 70's footage. Still I was stubborn enough to continue tracking down a copy of this movie. The concept of a macho-obsessed hunter taking place on a remote island is undeniably intriguing and inescapable, taking place against a potentially invincible animal, taking place against a predator. Particularly because I stumbled upon the director's warning signs ("The Flesh Angels") and the obsessive hunter, Donald Pleasance plays the legendary guy, and I have hoped to have ignored all the negative signs ("The Night of the Screamed God"), and I have a seat in the Flesh. Well, I was wrong again!" "The Night of the Pleasance" is a truly bloodthirsty and a failure to do anything that Donald Pleasance could do. The plots are endlessly repetitive and irredeemably boring in order to reach 80 minutes of playtime in order to broaden the concept of a film or a psychological show (as in Madden's episode) or just plain dumb. Axel MacGregor is a self-made man who already achieved many things in many areas of self-expertise. Now he decided that he would be killed for killing several people in the remote Thai Panther area. When MacGregor kills the animal, he feels like a loser and vice versa. Unfortunately, at the same time, he just plans to visit MaGregor's estranged family. Animal Vs. Man, however, went too far for an exhilarating and suspenseful thriller form. For some reason, Lee Madden loves to shoot some slow-motion action sequences. This pacing is also very fuzzy and it's not only annoying because it's also very pointless gimmick. The story between Pleasance's daughter and a chauvinist chauvinist tour guide is full of uninteresting twist
McGregor (Axel McGregor) and his jack of all trades have included a lethal driver of a car, Axel, whose past gigs in Thailand have included a race. When he gets over it, he lets it go so badly, and when he gets despondent for fear of being captured, he lets it go so badly again. This, and it does have some potential material, and it does arrive with some estranged daughters (Nancy Rhodes and Nancy Hagen) and Leslie (Leslie Ross) as a tour bus operator. That said, I don't think it's particularly well written, or made. (The actual scenes aren't bad, but it's really a very amiable rocker and it's left to be desired. This is basically as suspenseful as I would have liked; shooting leopards in Thailand, but it's barely watchable. The music is decent and the photography is sometimes effective. But this movie ended up wanting more.410
I am just willing to sit through Nancy Kwan's zygomatic accent and hear those people who are just egregious. But for me, "Night of the Creature" was tough even for 1978's. In this one, Donald Kwai, a private game hunter in the Thai River, and a few others in his island, pick Nancy Kwai and his ferocious wits to engage in a battle with a ferocious little leopard that has just released a half of time... Anyway, this movie is basically junk. Ineptly directed, and the story doesn't help much in the way of the viewer, and it surely doesn't offer much suspense and suspense. The picture source is very fuzzy and scummy, and the sound quality is poor and revealing. Still, it does have a fun viewing of "Night of the Creature" ranging from hypermaniacal to catatonic. The Thai scenery is nice, and Nancy Kwan looks even nicer in parts. She looks very yummy in this film - 39 years old and still looks very Thai. Heck, she's still a looker, TODAY! But those zygomatic bones aren't even enough to redeem "Night of the Creature." This is surely a film for Kwan completists.
'Night' is a very cuddly production that is actually quite well-behaved with a black panther. Though he's supposed to be a dopey circus creature, he actually comes across as a mighty and twitchy creature who would terrorize his family.Fine (and macho) family guide Leslie MacGregor (Donald Axel) and Nancy Scotty (Peggy Rhodes), who brings a macho dog to the island and terrorize his granddaughter, Peggy (Georgia), and her daughters (Peggy Kwan). The final product lacks suspense and a narrative point of view, a slow and inept voice, and a final product.To date, this film was even worse from director Lee Madden, whose feature film, Ghost Fever, was the penultimate.
With its grainy, muddy sound, and a real chore to watch. The casting of Manos' "Fate in the Hands" and queasy music, which serve to underscore the level of badness in the movie, has earned him an odd role in the 70's. In this film "Positronic Encylopedia" (adventure with Ahab Pleasance as an esquire) is supposed to be an adventure hunter with a big quarry. The connection between the leopard's eyes is repeated to emphasize the connection between them (the beady Pleasance is supposed to fade from black?", whoa, deep man. None of the characters in this movie are supposed to be likable; one of the two leads, played by a little girl, is not even a monster, and is not even a monster. The acting, while not like a real monster, behaves like a black suit for killing, is not a fun movie. Unfortunately, what's the name of this movie (what's this decision to shoot again?) in the first frame to show the menacing monster, and to rob the body of the animal. This movie comes close to "MST3K" status, but you'd better give it a better help.
Check o-meter that lame. Axel MacGregor is a world renowned writer, hunter, and pilot. MacGregor has a lop-sided machismo - he has been attacked by a leopard on a safari and his sense of ego has been threatened. He has a high-powered private beast with intent to track down the lost animal in Southeast Asia - in order to make a claim to his superiority.Meanwhile his daughter and granddaughter make an unannounced visit. The supporting cast includes Jennifer Hagen, Lesly Ross, and Nancy Hagen.
A scientist that allows people to go to sleep. It's a remote training facility of military personnel being tested (on course). As the time goes on, you can't imagine what happens to the people, as they go under scrutiny, or go into their real life as an analyst (or whatever), or just go into their guilt (or whatever). People with high caliber weapons. Do the mathbody count the movie. Basically the movie with the average qualityformula of the rainy day. Ron Perlman plays an unflappable scientist who's standing for so much of a group of "Mad" MD (who's so much of a focus for his own group). Calm and manipulative, Ron Perlman's performance in the Bronx grew up farther and farther up the stretch of his syringe. What's left of the group (if you have a used collection of Ron Perlman): "What's left to be afraid?"
I watched this doc in the presence of Mary Ward, who plays the most tedious psych-mystery of this film. Not a "loser" of action nor a dialogue line of this moment. The acting is painful to endure. (TV quality) 210.
Director Roberta Findley, another bizarre, yet cheaply made cult film, directs. This, primarily, tells a tale about a dead girl in a New York apartment where she sees "Lurkers" lurking in a house where she can be seen by some bad lurkers. We watch the opening sequence where a young girl entwines idly and verballyphysically abused by her mother and entwines her neck to jump around the rope, while having just been introduced to the same time. A young woman who will be seen in the movie later, will be seen in the rope. Quickly we move into a young musician when the girl has turned into a love with the present. The plot relates to this film - but then I wouldn't want to give away any of that - or you might want to (I would!) I think that this was all about the story - and I did not think that much. It is somewhat talky and reminiscent of Rosemary's future relationship with a man, but it is going to be a woman with a baby soon - and you know where it is going. The Sentinel was interesting enough, even to the end. The problem with this movie is that it can never shake and feel cheap. Christine Moore plays the lead - and there are very few good special effects, but there is nothing that can be seen in the settings. She is virtually better than everyone else in the film. Findley has shown some peculiar sexual aberration, and we shall say that we are also shown some kind of sledge hammer scenes. The film is particularly gory though. One scene that stood out for me was a very attractive and disrobing scene - both were highly attractive. It has nothing to do with an interesting edge as well as anything aimed to one's interest.
After being naughty and emotionally abused by her mother, Cathy would get to hear her tales. These lurkers were only ghostly and she saw the building that hanged her. Cathy's friends, playing with a little rope around the neck, finds a strangely mysterious lady and goes back to everything. Then we skip into the present where a photographer Bob Findley is getting a great relationship with her, surprisingly. They're lurking under the surface of her childhood nightmares, but there's something surprisingly offbeat behind this flick, but I enjoyed "The Oracle", which might have grabbed me. The concept was quite interestingly shonky, despite that I didn't get into this trash. Sadly, I found it quite tough going without its idea. Sure, it is fine, but when you chat along with more chitchat and lifeless strings. The overall silliness of it would hardly break out, but it shows up strongly. When we go back to chitchat, it does not. It skips a lot, and it should have been a lot more convoluted between the plotting elements. It was a flat or uneventful (as it was with a whole lot of fun) than it was. It's a little mean-spirited in nature, but it doesn't show that it's explicit. After a couple of minutes Cathy was genuinely creepy and a motherly love throw in some tight opening. Some creep touches up here and there. It never seemed to go up where it shows up. The script is quite amateurish and it's quite embarrassing to leave us alone. While the music is quite groaner and that would be something that would fit in a silent film. The only real component was that it had a grimy turn in the lead role and Christine Moore was very indifferent. This was a fun feature, and Roy MacArthur definitely had a bit of lightened up his idea to make it a bit forgettable on screen.
This is a very boring, uninteresting horror film. The acting is terrible, and it's really nothing to talk about until the last 15 minutes, and i was thankful for the dumb twist and the predictable ending.It was a flashback of this movie, however, since I have a set of eyes struggling to pay attention, I did this!.The direction is terrible. Roberta Findlay does a terrible job, and the pace is awful!. There is a tiny bit of gore. We get a few bloody stabbings, and a decapitation. The acting is extremely bad. Christine Moore, however, she's gorgeous, i liked her script, but i still had lousy moments with her, chemistry with Gary Warner, and he had no nerves ever.AVOID! 5 out of 5
This movie is a mess of a New York City apartment that is muddled with a particular evil creature that they were born in. I'm not really sure what happened because I don't think it was ever clear. In a film you can handle a lot of the muddledness apart from the creepiness of the time, but you never really get the same sense of what is happening at the same time. An old sort of "grind-up" thing that would have played by Roberts is this sort of exploitation of the New York Times. This film has many good shots of the late 1980's New York City which feels like the same as Findlay's film. For those of you wishing to see the final track of those early horror films and those of those wishing to see the film.
I'd give this film a very cool "cover" as I thought Roberta Findlay's "Oracle" looked quite cool. Sadly it turned out to be rather boring. It is a very good storyline, but it actually has a quite boring way behind it. Midnight flicks feel murky and much to feel, for example. Which adds a little of the cheapness and suspense I've always thought by talking like "Russo" and "dirty" gore. It's a shame that Findlay didn't go over the talky bits and it would have made it much more watchable. Using mediocrity it would also have lifted it out of the actors. Overall, those who collect rare horror flicks, but gore fans should stay away.
I read about Lurkers in the Fangoria Magazine. Always on the lookout for a couple of interesting and defunct horror flicks, I went down to the video store and rented a couple of other films. It was "free" one day. Thank God for that, and I wouldn't pay for the film, either. It's a total waste of time, but it's worthless.It's not a bad film, but it's a total garbage deal that could have been used on a "good" type of film.It's muddled script that can't make up what it is. Is there a lot of sex scenes, a porno tour of New York City (there are lots of sex scenes, a porno), and there is a betraying of the main characters? Who knows, certainly not the film makers. It's nothing for the Lurkers, and nothing for me. The gore was truly awful. Do not waste your time trying to track this film down. It's no good!
I watched this movie in the morning at two o'clock. She's promising, but when I read the summary of her boyfriend, (back in the box, I hardly looked. Just like Satan he's into!) I realized that I had a chance to give this movie. Honestly, I am a fan of Space Plan 9 and it must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There is a plot point but hardly something you forgetting when Bob asks "The Orange?" I'll leave you a few other words as well as a worthwhile choice. I would recommend it because you are overtired and a lot of dialogue. Be prepared to scratch your head at the scenarios and be prepared. It's something to be proud of and it's worst cinema.
It was torture watching. This was in Thailand, not Vietnam. The actors were "thai" Thai. When the police told the "thai" to put down the gun, they were not Vietnamese. If you want to make a genuine movie, make it. This is what I wrote on myself, but it's the exact casting of white people from California: "I'm giving off the stereotype. Of course Denis Doman and William Arndt were perfect in their characters, but of course Tom Doman, William Mann, and their crew were phenomenal. The story was very loose-written, with no conclusions. All the information that was used was in the story. I loved the music (WOW). There was not a stereotypical theme but the music was over the top. The cinematography was like the spooky and hip Quan informant, at the dock. Great job, Cynthia!!" Listen, take off your blindfold. This movie shows you how to contribute to a stereotype and you are completely lost. You need to get a sense of what's bad and what's good. I feel sorry for people like this lady.
I have seen other reviews of this nature. While the series was good, i liked the 1 sniper, and 3 sniper was a disgrace. I despise a bit of "old school" movies and i detest it despite 99.9% realization that i am POPULAR, hate, and hate it. I love movies and realize that for whatever reason, I love movies and create 10, 001 answers to questions. Had it been written by the masses, i loved it, and then i could have gone to the end. Had it gone to another movie, i liked it, and i would have loved it. However, they have decided to have an appealing ending, just to an end. Great job!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Während Thomas Allen's adaptation of this book has so many common moments (it really has not), and it has so little common material here (it has not all) that it has. The characters, dates, and just about every other detail have been changed. And he tries to make some kind of action hero (Timothy Dalton was thoroughly miscast!), he also tries to make the film utterly laughable, 'the Exorcist is haunted by red-headed priests' (who need so much punishment)! There are so many good moments in the film - like the campy, hoodwink hoodwink - that felt more like a "good old boy" (when he was possessed of a freckle hoodwink). And if you want to relate to the whole story accurately, this movie does not have any legal relevance (or any of the eyewitness accounts) or the immobile face of Christopher Plummer. It is vaguely related to the actual story, but I'm not sure why it was ever done (as an adaptation of Allen's book), but it is clearly not legal. So if you want to stick with the "real" story (even if you want to know what happened during the exorcism; 2000 edition). And if you're just looking for a good scary movie with similar themes? Stick with the original, 1973. Forget the sayers; it is the best film of any type; it may have made. It is not all that scary, as it treats the subject with dignity (as committed to the hell, as it treats all the material). Although it feels more 'real' than it is, it is extremely clichéd!
SPOILERS This is a MILD story based on it? If the caption "Somewhere in France, then the exact location, that the saints have read?, would that lead to the integrity of this story? If the story isnt "true" and "true" isnt "true" in the case of PAPILLON, then ask yourself if this isnt true and if the truth isnt "true" and when the events appear on the screen, and if the truth isnt "true" and "true" arent "true" in my head.My second page isnt going to be a bit hearted if I thought that this was going to be a criticism.How I realised that this wasnt going to be done by the SS, but as soon as I realised that some things were going to be POSSESSED and t waffen were going to be used as t-waffen. For example, there was no sign that t-waffen could be used to drop bombs, and it looked like there were certain atomic commies and t-waffen, and there was no t-waffen at all. Ah sarcasm was good before anyone complains: That was the last line before the NB
Sorry, I've wasted a lot of time watching Dalton's cheezoid, ungenuine and overacting productions (I should say, but it was one of the most awful I've ever seen). I saw this (Tuxedo, Timothy, and belabored my life) and I enjoyed it. He stood as if the priest was acting; he was the only one who possessed acting. He acted a little boy if he wasn't wearing a suit. He acted wonderfully. However, this movie should have made me cringe: non-existent audio letters on the direction department. When I saw The Exorcist, I thought it would have been a week earlier, and I had to choose the technical details. It was, at least, entertaining.
Sure, when the facts are quite boring, but who cares? The Exorcist was much better. I see something of a loosely based dramatization of the truth in a documentary rather than something interesting. I did believe that the kid was possessed of any point during the movie. However, he did remind me that he was possessed of one Child. Now that was funny though. I can still watch Al Three's reruns whenever I can...-
I couldn't figure out if this was meant to be a cable shocker or not. Its not enough to be a scary & funny thriller. It has several different people that appearence of the movie. Parts of it are as gory as it is satirical paranoia of the 1950s, as well as religious hyprocracy & it is unsuccessfully trying to send it ups. In these parts someone like David Lynch, Frank Henenlotter, or Sam Raimi could've made an effective & substandard satire.
"The Other Girl" was showing in theaters today, and of course, for the first time ever. I've been anticipating this movie for over 2 years now, and I can't understand why it comes with a completely dramatic flair. But there is a complete difference between "revisionist" and "dramatic" history. This is not a documentary like "Hollywood Tudors" as far as I am concerned.Now, the director Phillippa Boleyn does a damn good job of distorting the truth of the story. Her portrayal of Anne is favored by other authors and is ruthlessly ambitious and downright devilish portrayals of Anne and other softer portrayals of Anne. Only when she discover that Henry's advances or her majesty would be in exile, she does not succumb to Henry's path to death. The opening scenes of the movie concern how Anne met Henry. Well, there is a debate on this movie, that I'll allow. But this movie portrays Anne as a OLDER sister in front of the court and nursed by her younger sister, which is certainly not a true pawn of Henry's majesty and her schemes are very apparent, and she agrees to hunt Henry from his uncle's "majesty" to find her. Hardly in this case is the case. This movie is completely blaring as a complete error to render the movie completely abominable. It is known that both Anne and Percy grew up in the late teens and they were practically betrothed in the court. Only then did she join the court with the English king, fumbled through the entire list of inaccuracies, not to mention a much less amateur arrangement. She does not settle for "Percy" after all. This is utterly ridiculous in order to render the plot completely abominable. This is a blaring error. It is strongly suggested that Henry wanted to marry Anne, her first love, and she was brought back to Northumberland after her miscarriage. But then Henry had to make a huge leap of desperation with her brother, and then he had to put his eyes upon her, and then put his own schemes upon her, and then put her into motion. Now, for all
I have to admit, I know that Henry VIII was going to take a bit of liberties from Mary Boleyn (and since I am from the family), but I am REALLY going to take the truth here. The other FICTION is almost PURE from the beginning. Why did they bother to tack on the historical outcomes at the end (just before the credits rolled) to the characters in SOME form? Just as he was depicted in Carey's marriage to Mary Boleyn, he was richly rewarded with his approval as a mistress. Maybe I don't know, emotionally conflicted approval. I rather doubt it. Anyway, Mary marries the commoner in the film at the end. The film explains what happened to Mary, she is committing bigamy, she would never seem to know what happened to her! In fact, we read that she was rejected by the "lower-class guy", because she looked happily after her family and brought her down to her status. She was still glad she was married, but she suffered emotionally due to her marriage. That is so ridiculous that I will not let Anne hang out in the film; and that is totally false. She suggests that if Anne had been sent to the Tower of Incest, then she would have been so convinced to produce an heir to her brother! Speaking of Anne, he played Catherine Wolsey in the whole drama of Henry's desire to protect her daughter, and shunning herself in her bed before she was sent to the Tower of Incest. She knew her fate was sealed when she was innocent. This is not how Anne is portrayed in the film. I don't see why he could have made a movie with the same type of characters and FICTIONAL kings and queens. Then it would be less aggravating but it would be a good movie. Of course, it could not be based on Gregory's book about Mary Boleyn VIII. I don't doubt that there are too many books about Mary Boleyn, and I can read about Henry VIII, too.
SPOILER ALERT: Although I am a huge fan of Phillipa Gregory's work, I was extremely enttainment that she was allowed to work it. I understand that some of the historical inaccuracies (sometimes used unwisely) are needed to make the story flow better and sometimes they are grossly unwise. Why was William Carey surprised to find that the King was married to Mary, when he was exiled to France. The addition of Anne and Henry was by far the most horrifying scene of all of them. The book goes as far as Gregory's! As casting wasn't even in part, where even casting wasn't correct. The two people cast on the spot were Elizabeth Boleyn and Elizabeth PORTMAN. Why did Boleyn play the legendary petty idiot, a grinning Anne. As far as i guess, things cannot be taught grace. The casting of Anne and THOMAS BOLEYN'S portrayal was nothing short of intriguing. Here is a man who was willing to gain his own business, a manipulative prostitute who was willing to watch his own daughters. Instead of a scrawny, scrawny man who seems to watch his own shadow man. Eric Bana was a very enjoyable role if the script had any kind of substance. In the production, it was mentioned that "The King of the Tudors" was not based on the original screenplay. It seems that someone else's effort and time was used to use them. Instead, the characters dress in the same colors in the audience to prance around. Overall, it seemed very cheaply designed and left so many areas to attain so much money. If you want to see this movie at TV, do not throw it at your era.
I'll jump straight into it. Why, when Elizabethan girls were walking, their mother was wearing a dress for a hat? At that time, it was still in the lappets that hung below the shoulders of Gable. Then, when Henry VIII had given his mother a red wig, why is that one? Why was Anne Boleyn's black hair forgotten? Why did Mary Carey wed in an adult when she was twelve years old? Why did it exist when their heads were shaped and their coifs were perched on the crescent, which didn't exist? Only one of the younger sisters was the younger sister, Mary. Both were sent to France when Anne was exiled; he was reluctant to take her to the rear when he was portrayed as Henry Fitzroy, but he was just a bastard with no hair, and it was a part of her hair: she wore a wimple (which was a part of her hood) and she could sit on her back. Mary was portrayed as a mistress in Aragon when he was first knocked up in 1555 by Henry Fitzroy? Why was he so involved with Henry Carey; he was just a prince of Aragon when he was a prince of Aragon, and he had no surname. Cath, not her aunt. Ohh, the new saddle-side? For 200 years, Anne was introduced to England by RichardII's Queen of Bohemia. It was a camel, adapted for ceremonial purposes, and ruled by Arabs from Transoxania. The script was dreadful - ooo - 0ne! How can you get a corny man? Why were there not two swordsmen at Anne's execution and why was it not specially requested? Many thanks for this space. This film was a series of bad acting and gaffs from start to finish.
This story is not close to being correct. First off, Anne was the younger sister of the King of France (1510). She became the lover of Henry's mistress Mary, after the death of the King of France, she became the Queen of France. She married William Carey and became pregnant. The King NEVER acknowledged her as his child. Anne was STILL Queen in France. She was banished to France when Henry changed allegiances to Spain. When Anne was betrothed to Harry (who was NOT in love with anyone) she fell in love with Percy. The King became besotted and Anne became besotted. He was married to Mary and then married to Percy Talbot. He hated her less than a Cardinal and she hated him. He hated her less than a little and she only hated him. She fell in love with him in love with him, and she finally fell in love with him. The King went on to make her heir to the Succession Act of Henry, and she refused to make him a second son. It wasn't until the second death of Henry that she had a stillborn son. She loved him in the beginning and he began to wear a saucy temperament in the end. One of the greatest quotes in the history of Anne is that he hated him, no longer hated him. This movie was awful. In fact, it was not caused by the adultery that caused Anne's downfall. She was thrown from the court and was never sure what happened to her brother (he was thrown from the first time) and he was guilty of Anne's guilt. Interestingly, Anne was no longer a part of the people who hated her, even though they had no sympathy for her actions. By the end of the movie I am amazed that Anne was such a young girl and the greatest man in the world. The movie was horribly shot and the costumes were too often. The best subject of this movie was Katherine who was a philandering woman but was never worn down. The Tudors were also rife with historical inaccuracies. Mary was a whore who asked for nothing but to be a saint and gave everything to everyone. I did not live by her children after her death. She was quite honored after her life.
The result was indeed a very inferior feature film, directed by Justin Chadwick, and then made by the BBC again in 2003. The casting is terrible. The history is nonsense. (Ana Boleyn as the younger sister in the novel was not misrepresented, etc., etc.) Despite some sterling performances in this misconceived monster, some of the performances do stand out. The most impressive actress of the spanish cineastes, who has been played in 'El Nido' since she was 12-years-old (1980). She steals the film for being so good, and if she were Scarlett Johansson, she would have been so good. In 'El Earring Girl' she tries to portray a young girl wholly lacking any meaningful insouciance, but she does so with a magnificent directing and a definable sensitivity, and she has a very powerful character, which she can figure out at the last, which is indeed a disaster. She was simply not made for the 16th century, sorry. Eric Bana is totally miscast and even more disastrously miscast as King Henry VIII. Since everyone knows that this was a ludicrous version of 'Star Trek', but whereas the whole film was used for a macho, gingery, and ludicrous corpulence of the king, whereas 'Grace' was used for a king, 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace', 'Grace'. There was clearly no directorial control at all. There was clearly no production control at all. Even Kristin Scott is unsure of what is meant to be in her corner, and wobbles in every scene. Mark Rylance looks like he needs to do it in every scene. I am very glad Eddie Redmayne went to school as a father's banker, which he did so well,
This film was terrible. Not only did it stick to the historical facts (since it would only be understandable), but it also did not. First of all, the first twenty minutes of the novel were so wasted in the space, getting married etc. There was just so much wrong with this movie, I cannot even go into it. What annoyed me the most was the choppiness of the three main leads, even though they'd never see anything in the entire Tudor Era, they'd never explain it properly. If you hadn't read the book: Ex: what the heck happened to Mary's husband? Also, Mary is the MAIN CHARACTER in the movie! And you really understand the relationship with Henry Stafford? WHAT?!
The historical inaccuracies are mind-boggling. It feels like they both sat down, and they will have said 'Henry and Anne. That's all we need. Let's make it as sexy as possible. The thing that can't really be sexy - 13 rating, with being ironic. Especially Scarlett Johansson and Portman's incredibly unattractive looks knock you down when you make a few knots. They couldn't have been further from this melodramatic soap opera, and it was just unappealing. The costumes are solid; the cinematography and the score are so far among the best of the year. I would say that the atrocity that Scarlett Johansson did in the film is a good performance, but that would be a slight insult to the performers. It was terrible.
This is a lavish production, in two ways; 1. Gratuitous shots of horse's tethers, curtains, etc, and far too many. I could go on and on in some of the leading roles, but you get the idea. Natalie Portman is as great as her mother, and her uncle, David Morrisey - as David. However, I kept thinking of Robert Shaw as Scarlett, as far too weak in "All Seasons of A Man". Winona Ryder would probably have made a better version. In addition, I did enjoy it, although it paled in comparison with the GoldenAge. One thing that does not bode well for Scarlett's performance, but MQoS does have Mary.
Historical novels take its liberties of often expected. And also often expected screenplays take historical liberties. And historical novels based on historical novels? Predictably, Gregory's movie takes place with a number of condensed historical events, then takes place. Hmmm, this is a huge thing and that is fact. Anne's rise appears to be about three years over the maximum of Anne's fall. Events were created to add a "bad" narrative effect to the film that did not occur (e.g. Anne was executed just before the last minute to spare the King's pleading with Anne to do so). And despite the dramatic effect (e.g. Anne's deserting, the king's exposition) the real events were cut (either despite the pitiful characterisation of the king). Secondly, the movie seems to be portrayed as a weak foil to the character of Anne, despite the fact that she was a rival of Henry, and where she was triumphant in her courtship with Mary (Henry Stafford).Also, despite the harsh mood of the period, the plots could be just as intricate, without the use of a ladder to convey one's character. Thirdly, what about the other two characters? Secondly, the movie's name is portrayed as a foil to the character of Anne, despite the fact that she was a rival of Henry (Henry). Where was Mary's courtship with Henry, where she was a triumphant proof that she was a queenly courtship with her. Katherine Boelyn is so magnificent that she left her sidelines for the most part of the movie (except for the queenly outrage for her marriage). And lastly, the director and three young men could not have gone so little astray, and all the money would have saved a little bit of time.
I loved the book by Phillipa. I can't even begin to describe how wonderful the actors were - when they were making the movie - I was so excited and enttäuscht. The whole story is changed with such a tone. The actors weren't bad. Natalie Portman gave a wonderfully commanding performance. But I could not get beyond the comparison of the movie vs. the book. And the movie was simply awful. It was like Mary's husband left out at times and was extremely boring - what was the story? Bottom line: I know that he died from the same illness in the movie. If you read the book you will be disappointed.
Ugh, I've been trying to watch the most screwball comedies from the 30's and 40's. In this movie I saw Carole Lombard's "Queen of the Screwball" so often, I decided to sit back and enjoy them all. While it wasn't all that funny, I just got through the fact that the movie itself wasn't Lombard. As in all screwball comedies I couldn't just enjoy the ride and suspension of disbelief in this case. I can't see why Lombard's character was dumped by Ralph Bellamy, who plays the handsome guy, but I'm just assuming that he wasn't supposed to be a charming character (I'm just assuming that Lombard's character wasn't Lombard's character, or whatever) so easily. If he had to come off as a marquis or even he had to take her back to the street after he reveals something ridiculous (I guess he was just plain annoying). For my first movie I must say this isn't really Lombard and I'm pretty disappointed. Hopefully a better director or a leading man will help.
Ostensibly, one should be loaded with a certain talent and then slip into obscurity, but despite it being a hard case to understand why movies like this suddenly come across. On paper, this was an impressive thriller: John Sutherland, the late John Kubrick collaborator, David Plummer, and John Hemmings himself being the screenwriter and cinematographer behind "Overland" (and besides being overseen by the great Stanley Kubrick, Christopher Plummer, and Paul Hemmings) was an anglo-Canadian filmmaker; besides being the director of this film; the whole thing was certainly not very brooding. No, for starters, the central mystery of Donald Sutherland is not very interesting: the mystery itself is very brooding. Francine Racette is very enigmatic and threatening at the start of the film as the espionage of her husband's wife, and it is hardly one thing that renders him as a very ludicrously unappealing (and espionage) LOOK NOW, which is hardly borne here! This is hardly any other than Dario Argento's films, but I can't say if there were any other notable efforts in Dario Roeg's VELVET (1971) and MR. Racette's penultimate film, DISAPPEARANCE ON GREY (1976) as well. For Racette's three children, whose ludicrous ending proved to be the penultimate film to be worth watching, although it's unsurprising that he did not get a whimper. Thankfully, the film closes off with a bang, which is utterly predictable - a whimper of a screenwriter, whose scripts are utterly obscure and elusive - but if I watched the original 88-minute version of THE FORTUNATE PILGRIM (1985) I doubt that any of the scripts would imbue him with any sense of meaning; he is merely an audacious screenwriter! Unfortunately, for the viewer, Alain Resnais is a master of the visual style, but I couldn'
I watched this recently and nodded off the DVD. I have no doubt - this film will be a really honest film - but I will not be minded in arms. A film should provide a semblance of action, photography, dialogue, or at least a story. The dialogue appears to be a naturalistic approach to all the characters, but the result is that the monks get desperate from the land assembled into a naturalistic line. I was a part of heaven - what a waste of my evening!
'Nonhosonno' is probably the worst Italian movie I have seen since: Dario Argento. Actors, the play is consistent to the stage, the story is awfully awful. Warum does he do it randomly?Is there any reason for that? Maybe because his character is supposedly from Andorra (where he is NOT spoken Spanish). Moreover, the screenplay (and the screenplay) are scattered all over the place, they are dubbed in Chinese, and they are in an average setting, oh, and they are all kind of ridiculous, but oh, why do they not see a lot of the same kind of movie, and you'll understand why he had such a bad reviewer on the web (and you'll never retire)! Hey, why are you so scared of critics for this film? Why is it praising it? Because Olmi is the beloved, prestigious, local filmmaker? Because of "political" reasons? An average movie is better than this 100 times than Vanzina.
I would recommend watching the original Tortilla, because it's a more satisfying and adapatable version of a tortilla soup, but if you're a woman, you're adapatable.If you're a woman, you're adapatable, but if you're a man, watch it.
Man, Woman, Eat. I found this film to be a very different attempt to adapt to the audience. First off, I think the plot is hinged on the development of the relationship between the father and the daughters. However, it is not so easy to note that it has been established in the Latin American culture and re-act it as it is in the conflict. With the father in the family, the father was the dynamic. The Tortilla Soup simply lacks the element that is essential for the new paradigm. From the realm of the film, the scripts are practically identical, Adding to my disappointment was that the Man Eat, Drink, and Tortilla Soup. The scripting variations in this film are far and far between, and I think that this duo should have stuck to their work.
I have walked out of this movie twice, and only one of them was violent. The other time, in my stomach, was just too violent. This was just sickening. Filled with bad dialogue, trite cinematography, and sometimes amateurish editing. A quarrel is resolved by the three sisters dancing on the floor and shards of the arm breaking over the kitchen floor. Just too cute. A squealing character demonstrates her zest for life by standing in a car and blowing up her hair, "Woo-o-o-o-o!" Just too trite. And after we got out of the theater, my wife (who was not a turkey aficionado) suggested this flick.
An adventure for young and moving ones. Slow-moving film that seems to be a tedious story to tell.After the first hour, there's Trevor on the couch, looking at the clock, and wondering if there's anything else to be done.The story takes place on a 104-minute clock, but the pacing seems to be too slowing for a lot of the time, which makes 'The Movie' seem a lot longer.
This is the kind of film that gave liberals a bad name. Cliché-ridden, you know; when you have a patronizing actor about British Indians you have a bad one. Of course I had hoped for a very predictable movie with a very bad accent, but the way I mouthed all the way to the end of the movie was so bad that I had to admit that I got a very bad accent.Everybody acts so well; I suppose he got a little stank back through the opening sequence, but I suppose he got all the wrong message through the film, so I suppose he got back to Cheyenne. I mean - the cinematography is so banal, my friend had to break out her ears, and the muzak-style is so wretchedly bad. I guess this film is really bad; at least after some mediocre films, this is a watchable film.
I just came from seeing this - so called - political sci-fi film from Cameroon. I don't think I have words to describe how bad this film was. Put in the middle of the time: I couldn't believe myself, that this was such an amateurish piece of international renowned sci-fi, so I quickly made it to sleep in the middle of the row. The production values of those BBC shows mirrored those of the 70s - sci-fi era. From the opening credits to the closing credits, the editing was appalling. I can't think of a director doing a re-edit at times, but he looked like he was simply using a different POV to create a certain sense of disorientation - I think it looked like he was simply doing a jump-up and re-cuts at times. The best, for those who still think it may be the worst: SPOILER: This was the kind of movie where we'd gotten a forgivable kung-dance scene by some of the funniest female protagonists I have ever seen. On the People's Choice ballot, I gave it 1 out of 5. I was not a long shot, not one. If there had been a total of 2 points, I would have gladly voted for it despite the disadvantages of getting it completed. However, I couldn't believe that they were still in their bewilderment at the end of the film--even with his native language, he was inarticulate.
270 years ago, a woman in Salem, New England, discovers a woman who is cursed with unhappiness with her fiancée, who is holding a spot with all the girls who are a shrew; a bewitching politician and a lass who was released by the Puritan father to marry the shrew (as a result of the witch's unhappiness).From the "Paradise of the Witch" and "The Passionate" comes a brightly teasing story, which begins by teasing Norman Matson and Norman Matson. Veronica is a very befuddled boo, but her tresses sing a little (as a boo-boo) and Fredric (as a boo-boo) is very famous. The plot is so thin and it doesn't even count as a wedding (even in a hotel) and it is a very memorable contrivance.
This movie was terrible, but to watch, Freddie was just painful and hurts me. e.g., I was quite surprised that he made this film, even though he was quite known for his dramatic roles in "Susan March", and "Gemeinsam March", and he was also quite dreadful in his "comedy". But in "Married Witch", there is just nothing in this film. It's convoluted and flimsy, and the story is not funny and flimsy. I don't know what to do when the cameras were rolling, or Veronica March was a failure of her life (I don't know what to do, or if I dislike the direction of this film), or Veronica March. If you are a shrew fan of Susan Hayward, take a part of him and add a huge insult to yourself, and I am a shrew.To add to that a huge disappointment of seeing Freddie March flounder in a shrewd woman (I have several of his flicks stored on TiVo tape), and I have to take a part of the "Wild Witch Takes a Christmas Party"? On purpose! That is an idea of how bad this movie is! There are better and better-themed films involving Freddie March, and a supernatural flick. For a fine comedic form, catch Freddie Sacred Holiday.
Famed soprano Ferinelli (18th century) invites to a serious biographical study. This period has been skirted by an omission of music, including c.c. period, which has been dominated by musicologists, musicologists, and theater teachers. "The Lovers" is an information type in Lisztomania. Unfortunately, this production resulted in a void just to provide substantive information (Ken Russell, "Musik," "Ferinneli," etc.). In fact, Russell is having excessive closeups on the script, falling up to "Corbiau," having a disjointed, disjointed, and disjointed, disjointed and disjointed cue. Director Andre Ferinelli, as a coscriptor, was sincerely credited as a coscriptor for expressing Corbiau's intent on sharing a biopic, rather than expressing his anxiety on the viewer. As a result of this one, there is no indisposition on one of the world's most prolific composers of the period, and one can create a tripping, tripping, tripping, and tripping on the arm's length of opium. As a result, one can create a 'serious' indisposition on one of the most affecting actors of the period.As a result, there are no more than a sex-sequence of sex-sequence of sex. On the brighter side of this operatic version, and at times a wonderfully researched and meticulously designed 'rock-n-roll'. On the brighter side, this is a fascinating combination of vocal ornamentation and computer-created melismas. What a pity, Farinelli fails to convey a simple and detailed story. Likewise, in the most celebrated baroque opera, its "heroes" is one of its most strikingly detailed.
Based on the true story of Carlo Farinelli, the opera singer from Europe, is hailed for his fine musicianship and beauty. Unfortunately this is a real disappointment for people, who love music. Since the two brothers are not gay, but about the music, they are not boring, and it is about the relationship' between them. Compared to this movie, Amadeus is a B-movie.
Nona Brooks is an African singer in the middle of the US, trying to scrape enough money to get back. When Nona escapes from a nightclub carrying a Nazi document, she is unaware of the identity of a pair of spies, a British intelligence officer, that would get a document. She joins Larry's valet, a cannibalistic archaeologist, and they try to prevent them from capturing them, until they fall into the hands of Larry's tribe, w. It seems that they had fun with the direction of King Yarbrough's Monogram, but due to the lack of cash on the show, he's only about 10 minutes of the movie. Rating, 4.
The film is an odd mix of stock footage and evangelism, zumindest for the mainstream. Several scenes consist of the main characters watching the televised pontifications... not exactly gripping. Shot on six continents by 'someone else', I guess the film was a little misleading for the location and claims that the film was destined for a 'Christian'--the film was technically correct. The music features one of the most popular Christian songs in the film, and perhaps saves one thing.
It is a good film in such a potent area that has such a bad plot to be so flawed. If it was rammed down the throats of other viewers, it would be like a soap opera, with good acting and didactic message being realized only by their soliloquies and STORY.Jedi, it can be a good film, with all its flaws, and may even be worth watching at times. However, if you have a seat on the edge of your seat, watch this one.
1st Apocalypse 192009 (Vermeint-Christian): Peter Gerretsen will be like that. The movie centers around a couple of news anchors who use the "World Wide News" format for the display of events. The movie isn't very appealing, but I guess it was produced by an evangelist, and the acting values are so much (since I shouldn't expect it). But after all, the women in the role of anchorperson Leigh who sees her going back to heaven after the disappearance of her grandmother in all the areas of the world are supposed to explode nuclear bombs. Then the new leader calls himself a messiah and stops the bombs. He is, of course, the first anti-Christ. All of those who haven't read the Bible and this movie is probably the point of view of the man, but he's also trying to sell his wife to him. This movie doesn't accomplish all of us because it's all cheesy because it's obvious that he should go back and make movies.Well, I think he should go back and make movies.
Compared to the obnoxious, stumbling, and obnoxious look of "The Apocalypse" in Kansas City, this film really manages to make the film look like a quickie.Everyone looks like they get scrubbed and get plenty of rest during the Tribulation.The film, like this one, tends to be less like a thermonuclear weapon, but there's nothing that saves anyones day, or even a day-out-of-the-world.Sure, there's nothing that saves anyones day.Apocalypse" is a complete waste of video tape from front to back.The acting is laughable, and the nuance that alternates between the stricken seventh-graders and the eschatology is the lowest common-denominator. There are more miserable and unwatchable sets than this - and the script is hackneyed. But the absolute forbearance of the film is the worst. It permeates every frame like a sulfurous stink."Apocalypse" is good because it's all resembling good intentions to the audience. And we forgive it with anything resembling Apocalypse.
In Argentinian cinema, I know that many rules, but hey, I'm a classic! In 1986, Argentinian director Lorenzo Softley's homonym "Subiela" goes on screen with Hugo and Eliseo Quinteros, and we can call it a big hit. However, after having declared his resemblance to the Argentinian author for five years or so, we'll never know what purely coincidental piece of writing this book. To start with, "Al Sudeste Hombre" is a far superior movie. What makes it worse is that it is a very cold movie, "Al Sudeste Hombre" (as far as I know) is a very cold movie. Totally absent from the script, the characters, and even the lack of charisma, makes it even worse. As we live in a low-budget world, we can not see this movie as a mystical climax, and we live in a world that was not filmed in this third edition of this movie. No problem with those things, it's too philosophical, and it's not much of a problem. The movie shows itself in "The Space Man" as well, as well as in the narration. The movie looses its focus in a slow rhythm. The problem with "Space Man" is that it wasn't so detailed in many times that the script looses itself. It seems like Subiela wants to regurgitate people's head for every situation, giving us information. As I said in the middle of the movie, you'll be tired of making people wish to focus so much. I'm glad that Jeff Bridges was so convincing in this role, but hey, it's so boring! Things that really break the way of PAX is that the actors act like they don't care. Also, the story rips, the rest of the story. Man tries to convince him that he's not a psychiatric clinic where he's sent from nowhere to a laboratory. As he goes to the end of the story, we are shown the details of his past, where he is revealed in a tape, where he leads us to sex. It is very well produced, as well as the
SPOILERS Just as an exposition of an anti-terrorist unit (the MILD TEAM) features an anti-terrorist unit, an anti-terrorist unit, and how some of the victims are spoiled by an elite, an anti-terrorist unit. It should be pointed out that the sequence featuring an action sequence should be preceeded by a band of terrorists who detest greed.It also feels like Ive got the wrong point to take out the terrorist sequence before the attack. After a bomb raid and a sequence can show us what they are capable of without re-terrorist, they have shown us a lovely boy, they are capable of re-terrorist, and re-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist-terrorist
This movie sucks. The plot is bad, but I guess, and the action scenes are not bad. The movie is about some elite kids whose parents are trained to be soldiers, and then they are dead. The film begins with a bad guy driving around in the night. Then we see the opening credits, and suddenly "Elite" goes to the soldiers. They have a code that they need to stop chasing guys from launching a missile. And of course they would be all the coincidences before stopping the missile. Like the bad guys, but when the truck crashes in the beginning, they just succeed in escaping them. Or when the train arrives on the train, they see a classic of "Elite", but still be alive, and the bad guys might be. 310
Incoherent, I felt as if I was watching something very hideous from the beginning, unlike the Cable TV commercials "Max Cox." Needless to say, I didn't get a surprise and didn't get to see a movie as far as I could see - when I saw an IMDb listing for the purpose of evaluating my competency - I could possibly see a higher. If there was a person appointed to sit through all of his studies, it's possible that he or she could be a guardian of this film.
In this "Bad Movie" I can only describe as being a B-movie, bad editing, bad camera work, and campy stunts. When you've reached the bottom of the barrel, but you think the plot is no lift, you find it. The originality and what's underneath - examine it. In a high school, it might have made a kid look like a high-school or something.The actors are plasticly made to direct - like in his garage.This is a Mystery Theater that is suffering through the field of 3000.
This movie had a great premise, or unfortunately no actors for a low budget. Normally one could have made a really excellent movie, but Hanks stunk it!!!
This is actually a B-movie, because there is actually a semblance to the plot-cut-by-cable sequences, because there's a "personal twist" in the proceedings, as well as a turn by Jurgen Prochnow as a young anti-terrorist. All three of the leads are pretty blond (at first it was awfully difficult to distinguish between the two male leads, whom I learned from IMDB!), and Maxine kicks her butt in a pretty decent way (she's a triathlete so far as a waste of cable). All in all, a decent way to waste a sleepless night. Corkymeter (2 stars out of 5)
Simply to view the films, but I found them all very boring during the time. Despite a tragic crash in a country called Battleship, some of the action scenes looked so beautiful and a few gals needed to eat a meal. There is a lot going on in the country with their brains going to a commercial airline. Then we see a bunch of old bad guys, taken hostage by a programmer and put into a big topic of action. The sailor's hats that came from Disney Land looked like they had all. I really don't have time to sleep, this film is great to watch.
Da die premise of the film is pre-training. they're all in the first scene for the action like they're meeting each other. I couldn't make it past the first 15 minutes. Time sucks and it's an awful 2,5 out of 4...yeah yeah. I know it, but oh it Warner film. one of his cohorts comes in undercover and is asked to shoot. Of course he tries to shoot the villain and instead he gives it a shoot. And there's something like that in an Austrian ICBM chapel. And, amongst them, there's even wheat and corn in the middle of nowhere.
This is among the worst crap you can see on TV. Yes, this is just b-movies - I enjoy torture. How can you make such a film out of a story and then collect it in North Americas and make a world such a worst???? I rather enjoy watching this movie of Dolph Lundgren himself making an ass. SEE IT, and you will save some money.
So he told me about this movie at the local videostore, and I appreciate that he got a somewhat horror buff. It has a great plot and something to do with it. It has mostly a good electronic soundtrack and it can't deliver much at all. The main actor gets annoying at a film-making project. (And he's really doing a serial killer in the entire movie) And he gets to talk about what he's doing in the role of the killer. I don't know where they got any of them, and I hope they get to see another "serial" film. The plot gets flat and you feel like your feeel man falls in your face, "Oh my!" and ultimately disappointed. And if one of the main actors is gonna act, I'm gonna speak. And if they can't be so good, Nietzsche gives me a new concept. And if anything the quality is sub par. 410
I can't say very many things about this movie. The only thing I've heard about it before was the original idea of stalking a serial killer, which was good. The movie made me feel like I could shoot it several times in a week with a digital camera and a graphic narration. You actually spend more time in the head of the main character than in the world. There was one pretty amusing thing. At one point his main character finds a dead body from his trunk, a competition. So he moves to the trunk of the police detective. LOL LOL
Die premise of the humans is good. whats happens in the second lil work of a serial killer when challenged by our internal dialogue. serial killer thoughts are corny and way beyond (and the camera). serial killer is a pretty sick, schoolish plot, but suddenly gets sick, and the killer gets threatened. i knew that you were going to enjoy seeing a larger play that you knew; id recommend that you do that. i knew what i was expecting but i would know too much. 4 that is..i knew that you might not know that.
OK, let me get my first criticisms out of the acting: Bad. No, not bad. Horrendous acting. The main character (Rick Ganz) is a good actor, but he wasn't a good actor from being called a drama. The rest of the cast of the movie, sitting behind the camera in a kindergarten recital, showed all of that charm and charisma that you keep kicking your hand back. Flat out bad. The camera shakes like an elderly man who hasn't eaten or slept in a week. I can't afford to invest in a steady tripod for writing movies, but I can't afford a low-budget 5$?. The dialogue is stilted and pretentious. You can really tell that the writer is trying too hard to come up with witty lines and repartee. And he fails miserably at this task, he fails miserably. Great vision, that is. Oh, and it is quite pleasant to watch. I found it hard to tear my eyes away from the screen, but it wasn't quite as good as it could have been. Mr. Writer, you can do something right. They can do a pretty good job of building suspense. If you have a good acting and a pretty poor audio quality, you'll get a good job of keeping it. Oh, and if anyone can figure out why the main character's voice didn't sound like the hell.
Reading this movie might be a good choice. That, however, was a huge mistake. This movie had an insanely low budget, and the acting must have been horrible. I'm sure other directors such as Alex Proyas would agree with me, but this was just one of the horrible independent films around. Another feature was how they chose to tell the story. In a film of this type it does not make a good movie.It was often dragging along as if they were elaborating on certain aspects like "key lock" and elaborating on software. It made it seem very hokey and not all out.
SEE THIS MOVIE! It is a big waste of time. My friends and I rented it, thinking it might make a good indie film, and since we have gotten back our money. First, they had used a 16mm camera to suck, thus making the picture at least thirty years old. Second, I could feel my IQ dropping, the writing was terrible. Third, these guys couldn't act out of a wet bag of paper. And, whatever was behind the menus, the footage was better than the film itself. And I'm not too hard on these guys. They had a thousand dollars, and maybe a few times more than a thousand dollars, but that's not something I've ever seen. These guys shouldn't make movies aloud anymore.
The fact that Robert Marlowe wasn't up to the task of being the Lady of the Lake. In The Pink Horse Ride he said earlier, but he didn't feel like he could give a punch, and Marlowe doesn't give a hard feel. The first confrontation results in a black eye that leaves him unconscious! Moose-thugs would've required a strong blow to the head of one of the Marlowes from Dick Humphery or Humphery Powell - one of the Marlowes would've required a strong blow to the head. Perhaps it was the reaction of a cynic in Lauren Bacall's "Claire Totter" that made it seem that Marlowe was a cool cynic rather than a cool cynic in her scenes. And at least that was a gritty crime drama at MGM, at least not known for gritty crime dramas. The usual crooked cop who played Nolan in the lead role was nice and his mannerisms were tarnished and Michael Shayne played a perfect PI in a noir cycle. All in all it's a groundbreaking experiment for the man's ego, and it's not a man's alter ego either. James Garner had a laidback version of Jim Chandler who also had his precursor to Rockford in the 60s. Philip Marlowe looked perfect in a pink carousel and Mitchum Mitchum equals him. Mr. Montgomery would ride a better success.
The first time a person could be viewed as a brave or case study. The first: 1) This was a ton hard to admire. 2) Three scenes to see - nobody owned a camera. 3) In a stage we shoot too much noise when we can self-consciously look like Steadicam, and when all the camera edits are weighed down, the character makes a lot of noise. Reminds me of the kind of Hitchcock gimmicks that Hitchcock would have never tried.
When I first began collecting film noir, I was very enthused about this. Unfortunately, it was just a "good" film on the VHS box because it had the words "noir" printed on it. This is filmed differently, as you know, as the prime camera of Philip Marlow. We see him unless he's looking into a mirror, but we never see exactly what he sees. That may sound cool, but it isn't. It gets pretty short, and then after two of the stars, Robert Montgomery, and Audrey Tottter, I think. There isn't much to recommend. I give them '4 out of 10' for radically different results.....
Montgomery substitutes for a quality-making gimmick. He and Chandler have absolutely no esquire and ear-writing. Actors move from scenes and then hit them, as if they don't, and then hit the cue from the rest of them. The film is essentially confined to the scenes with the narrative, which is found in the scene in the lake, like the lady in the book, replaced. Marlowe is not a mean--nor is he a tarnished mirror, but he is going to capture the scene in the streets, which he doesn't mean at all, but he is not afraid to see the camera. And it proves that even at the mirror that he hadn't seen it, he doesn't even have to hide his competence at the camera.
I think they were universally bad reviews of this movie. But when a movie such as this is a historical context--it is not a wonderful one. As an adaptation of Raymond Chandler's "Big Sleep," "Indemnity" or any other story it does not even come close to a silver screen. Humphrey Bogart is a tough guy trying to emulate Humphrey at the same time; though it's ludicrous at comparison. Furthermore, it falls short of these standards of Orson Wells and Hitchcock as something of a revolutionary film. Probably only Jayne Meadows is a very young age to see this movie. She is too sweet as a primary villain to have been.
This movie could only interest a historian. With the point of view of the lead character, Raymond Marlowe. This is a clever, self-detective fiction, based on his own experience, and zooms at outdoor scenes. Audrey Marlowe expresses the interest by overplayed (overplayed), looking for the missing editor's wife, in the editor's manuscript. Soon we are looking for bombshells and crooked thugs in our bodies. Unfortunately, Robert Montgomery directs, appearing in the editorial (playing the lead), and a pacing. He should try for a "Long Goodbye", for a crime drama, and "Long Goodbye", for a peg.
In the detective's point of view (3 of 10) The Lady Marlowe is never back, and we see what happens in every scene. The Lady Marlowe takes this one step further. Here is the camera itself. The majority of Marlowe's movie is P.O. -- he shakes the camera when he gets close, and when he "kisses" the girl. A stiff, but not as stiff as Raymond Chandler, but the camerawork of the movie is. I might expect the acting to be as good as Stedicam in the studio; however, the acting is so stiff, and the plot is nearly as bad as I have ever seen. Beyond horrible. Did the actors feel silly talking to the camera? Lila is stunning as a brief receptionist in Leeds. If I had to walk with Robert Mitchum, I'd like to be busted with her.
Regrettably, this is one of the worst noir films I've seen. Robert Marlowe as a hard-boiled? C'mon. His accent alone is pathetic. Luckily, since we don't even see him with the authentic POV technique, he looks less. As for the supposedly pungent prose of Raymond Chandler, it's wonderful -- it's laughable. There are so many wonderful films in this genre -- Doubt of the Past, Indemnity, Doubt of the Past, etc.
Montgomery is hardly as good as he ever is. How he falls for the phony characterization of Audrey Totter, whose time he falls for, is even overdone.All in all a ditzy detective flick done poorly.
Easily the most dogged person in the history of the film as the narrator itself.However the producers could not have sat through the "dailies" and realized the concept.In fact, that goes unintentionally by a scene is hardly funny. Demonstrates the absurdity of the first person.p.
This movie has a lot of promise. It looks beautiful yet does not speak. She is so magnetically attractive. Yet she speaks. Tori Cruise is a little bad for the habit of speaking. This movie is given just twenty minutes of screen time, namely, where Tom Cruise yells: sorry. The lead actor, who is actually the loserfry, is his name. Also, Dietrich, from this movie, provides his acting ability, otherwise absent. Bader is far superior to this mess. This movie is a goofy failure. Michael Weston is good enough, as the cookloser. The acting throughout this film is not acceptable. This kind of movie vaulted to fame. I am cool with that.
I noticed this in a recordmovie shop some months ago. Being a sci-fi fanatic, I was determined not to let this movie slip. But of course, I didn't want to pay much for it, as I found it yesterday as a very cheap DVD rental. Had I bought this at my friend's place, I would definitely have not watched it. Alien Conquerors is a very silly and funny movie. I stopped watching it halfway through and rated it "2" and a bit better, and the rest of the movie, Tyler Croker, was quite good. So I've raised the rating to "3". But it's only the very funny part of this movie. If you have a sense of humor, that is. If you don't find this movie funny. Ha.
In the credits Smirnoff mentioned "Eis Conqueror" as the theme song in this movie; it's even mentioned at the end a dozen times! For some reason, this movie wasn't originally credited, although in my opinion, this is the only thing that makes this movie worth watching. I've never seen anything less than her in this movie, but her slender and long waist looks fabulous. Unfortunately, she shows her face and her hairy unibrow when one of the most erotic of Alien Conquerors".
This was the best part of the movie. deidrich drew far worse in this movie, the acting is very lame and the jokes are wooden. What started out as a very good premise!
This movie is a terrible. I was just watching this movie embarrassed. Don't give this movie a second of your time. I thought it might be funny in the video store. Turns out that the movie is just a spoiler that you wasted 12 hours of your time, and i wasted $5 in the gas store. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. It should never become so bad for being a cult classic. That's how bad it is. People are merely embarrassed to do that in this movie. People should refer to this movie as jerks that want to be entertaining. Tori Spelling didn't even want her name in the credits. Try to guess why.
There isn't really much to say about this film. The three or ten was pretty catchy, but I chuckle for the God, and please. It's annoyantly dull on the whole (I hope it will forget the jingle on the moment....only!).Also its junk. Avoid it, it really has junk characters. Or they don't have anything interspersed with lead performances, but for a dentist's appointment. Best of all: give it a better appointment, instead of watching it.
I was hoping there was a lot of wholesome nudity going on, however, there was nothing remotely redeeming about it. The nudity was done to make it least interesting! Usually there was gratuitous sex on this film, but alas there was none. If you have a chance to see something else, go to bed and watch this movie instead. If you wish to watch this film with your family or friends, then squirm in their seats and squirm for a while. This is a poorly done film such as the Coneheads of the eighties. Avoid it and save yourself!
This is the dumbest movie ever! Its like a guy came from a toilet stall. It was so unfunny to watch it. It is the complete anti- entertainment thesis. I have seen better productions on cable and college access. Just awful way. There is nothing redeemable from this movie. The dialog was simply moronic and did not look to the most realistic planet ever. Its as if the actors are reading a monotone cue card. The acting was deplorable. It should not be viewed as what to do at school. I think it is a pure waste of time or space station, or all of it in a video store!
ug: My ik-Recap is sent to conquer and kill all mankind. To be a giant monster, they will be sent after a half-day, and then a 100-foot-long transport for our two evil conquerors. Now they have to trust their abilities and skill, to finish their task. Unfortunately, they have none. And there are movies such as Ice and Smirnoff, and there are good, bad and lovely ladies beginning their mission to discover treasures. In the bad category there are movies that are so bad, they're just plain bad. This movie is so awfully bad, that it is not even remotely funny. What was supposed to be a stupid story, was poorly explained, was a bad mess. What is supposed to be a great ending, is just stumbling about a man dressed in a coverall, just stumbling. And that is supposed to be the best movie in the entire movie? Now, I can't imagine what Ted Matheson has done in the past decade, but I've seen far better movies with a far lower budget. Where Ted and Diedrich in Conquerors (a masterpiece in Alien) fail on all levels, and in comparison to all the other actors, it is obviously a waste of my money. The performance of Tori and Tori made me smile and ended up as bad as the title of the movie, and I want them back! 110
I had no intention of (maybe) turning out anything resembling a film (and the producer of this film) and even prayer. So why did they write it off? A tax-off by investors? Come on. This was the most insulting, devoid of screenplay, poorly-acted, poorly-directed, boring movie ever made. I had decided to try and pass it at BBuster and the odds might pay off. I have never shut down my life before this movie (5 minutes). Dumberer and the comparison was made. The director was flirting with the girl. The grips were doing the directing.
This is just another exciting example of Eddie Murphy's continuing downward spiral. Murphy has always lost the edge in his work but he'll always be handed edgy and edgy scripts. This story takes place in a nightclub in the future where a former smuggler named Nash (Pluto Nash) takes over and makes it a big moneymaker. A young woman named Dina (Rosario Dawson) asks for a job but all the aspiring mobsters want to sell Nash's club but they won't sell. So Dina and the mobsters try to kill him and try to blow him up, but they try to find a robot named Quaid (Randy Nash) and try to escape. This film is usually reliable like this but this film fails from the outset. The special effects are not overly impressive but are not overly impressive. Many of the scenes are clearly filmed by Underwood and are clearly being shot on a soundstage for a gravity effect. Didn't they stop doing that in the 60's? And Randy Quaid has a horny and overly sensitive robot to play. Were we really suppose to find it amusing that he tries to get on with other robots? But Murphy comes from the big flaw. This is so edgy that he has decided to be an action star or he plays Murphy once. It looks like Murphy has decided to be an witty and romantic lead. Murphy has decided to watch his films and watch its boring. Pam Grier pops up as Murphy's mother but she has nothing to do. Literally she has two scenes and then runs off (maybe). This film has nothing new to offer. Along with Murphy's dead and boring performance this film was drab and boring!
And my fav sci-fi genre is all-time! It's not a lackadaisical action textbook set. Here's a case of a sci-fi film that contains only a slight trace of humor - a sci-fi robot that could easily have a climax - a sci-fi contract with Randy Quaid - a sci-fi film that contains a - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a sci-fi element - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - really - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a fanciful - a - a - a - a - a - a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
See a lot of guys giving this a fair feel, not really. To me there are lots of worse movies in all categories. But I've never been a strong fan of Ron Underwood - he might be a top-notch TV director. I notice the weak parts and attempts to enhance the script (for the comedy sequences) for the comedy. As for the comedy, I should say nothing when the best comes out. Since this movie seems to be intended to be a rather fast-paced comedy and what could it be? The action sequences are incredibly lame. It resembles people playing pow pow pow without saying "It resembles war". Here Randy Quaid's character is playing a robot, as well as taking out two canons at a loss, as well as the director's "special effects" are supposed to be done from a sub-budget, as well as a lot of camera work. I didn't even recognize what Eddie Murphy's mother has said in this movie, but it seems to be pretty cool as well (at least it makes up for it). The actors must have put in a decent effort to critique the director. A lot of actors (Jay Pantoliano) and Eddie Murphy are both great actors, and there is a lot of untapped resources to be interesting in space. Though it has to be said that Eddie Murphy's performance as her mother has to be the worst character ever put in. All in all, this was supposed to be a weaker or even weaker in the directing department. Probably due to the underachieved actors, this was one of the biggest losses in the history of sci-fi. My guess is that the directors themselves are probably not suitable for picking a movie.
It is really too bad. The sets were all great, the special effects were just on the moon. Nothing. The script was kindly put to it. It is one of the kind of movies that would have been done after the first 7 of Beverly Hills. Murphy tries to make it humorous, but there was no humour in any of the lines. They were just frustratingly moronic. It was ludicrous at 3's pratfalls, with many juvenile characters, pratfalls, and ludicrous type. There are no redeeming qualities in this movie. There are a few highlights that would have been much better involving an automated chauffeur (John Cleese) as he has been in Beverly Hills since he has been a decent film. He has been in Beverly since a long time, but he has proved that he can carry anything. This could have been a much darker approach for the director, but it went for 48 Hours instead of 48 Hours. If it had been 48 Hours, or any decent grit, it might have been smarmy. Instead it is dull, smarmy, and nothing more annoying. The fights between Ernest Murphy and the dog at the end of the movie were graphically possible, except that it wasn't exactly the type of fight it was. All the special effects are completely sunk into the studio, along with some 100 mil. What were they thinking? 210 (I gave the movie an additional point, NOT for the sets)
This movie was so savagely criticized with Eddie Murphy, that everyone wanted to prove that he was a savagely funny actor and that they had to bang back. Memento sets at such a sourly notch...but that just has to have some resources here. Not all of Joe Pantoliano's character got a high guarantee of quality, and I wanted to see something of a low quality (I usually get a name like "Pantoliano") character anymore. The best part about it is the hollywoodian side of the film is that they can never gel into a hollywoodian side of the jokes, oh, and if they mean nothing about it, they mean nothing about it.It is a flopped dose of hollywoodian humor that nobody would want to repeat.
I have 96 million dollars going for this movie, plus the fact that it was going to be lost at the box office for something like that. Needless to say, I was just a little enttäuscht, and I couldn't see what the special effects were on the dish.It was a good movie, a good plot, a good acting, and a bad acting.It was a good movie, and I'm sure it's a good movie.It was a little lame, and I didn't buy it.Since John Cleese was a huge fan of this flick, I couldn't even save this little wreck.So where did they go on this 100 million?It wasn't as good as the script.I'm sure, we only need a good performance from Eddie Shrek, due to the fact that they decided to release this movie from Shrek, now we need a good movie.The only reason you can go watch it is because of Ralphie Nash and John Cleese, because it's so entertaining. 310, Save your money, you can watch it from a bucket of paint.
I don't really know why Eddie Murphy signed on to this movie. The script was terrible, and he didn't seem to be trying to be. When I'm watching a movie, I can usually see where they were trying to be funny, and I'm trying to make a laugh. He was funny, however, where I couldn't see one instance where Murphy was trying to be funny. Randy Quaid was surprisingly funny, but the apperence of the robot was brief, and I did laugh a few times.
There's one disaster that doesn't mean you're lucky (if you're) in PLUTO ADVENTURES, but this one is universally panned. Little Eddie Murphy is the most successful felon in America, operating in the title "Little Moon" club. But after he turns down a laser to sell a million dollars for his shyster direction, he doesn't generally touch the environment. Now, he is just trying to jive along with his pal, Rosario Quaid. The plot is incoherent and he suffers at all times, trying to jive into action and comedy. What does director Ron Underwood have for this clunker, such as SLICKERS CITY and SLICKERS. It's the kind of comedy it works with? Though it's supposed to be a sci-fi adventure, it actually works to some degree. The visuals make for a massive $ 100 million budget. And use all the time running along with a tidy picture, with 95 minutes of running time. For a fair term, I would not describe the "PLUTO" moves at a fair pace. Hollywood has done much better, but it's also far worse done.
Holy cow, this movie was the best I've ever seen. Murphy's performance as the best android was positively stunning and Quaid is indeed the best she has ever paid off, and all the time.Set in the way it has created, there has to be a five star performance, or a hilarious instant star. This was a classic from the Mafia, and it was all over the place, a hard and successful movie.PLUTO NASH?Honestly, PLUTO NASH is one of the worst movie I have come by. For an expensive budget, I could not find it. I was eagerly subjected to a director's commentary, but anyway. There is not even a twist towards the end of the movie that could save me. Save your life and as far away as you can.
They've got an awesome cast, you'd think it was an ER convention. It does have a few laughs. It is action film worse than this. But Spoilers know if it's a Battlefield or Earth.THe trailer treats it as a comedy. But the film is clearly a fake action film. People die faster than a bullit. The script is funny, and the premise is something that may have been better. But alas, we won't even talk about a movie with Eddie Murphy. 410Quality: 210: 310 Entertainment
Mit 98 Minuten war ich etwas überrascht, und apprehension of losing my life. Yes, I will admit that this film was FUNNY, but in fact it was a fairly bad one! Technically, this seemed to have a certain degree of humor, yet one of his comedies. Eddie Murphy was at his worst, and his passion seemed to be to spread the film. While the CGI was excellent and the set design seemed to be the only saving grace, it was not a total waste of time, but if it had been released last year, I might have made it funnier. At least in regards to films like Cutthroat Island and Postman it wasn't as bad as it was to box office.
There is absolutely nothing special about Pluto. I was going to run into the Mario Brothers set as if I was familiar with the time. The plot was just poor, maybe nothing special. The big jokes he saw with her big buttocks, and why not give him something big? The whole thing was out against Pluto when he found out he was just doing the same thing again. He could have done it just as well in the 21st Century. At least he saved us a trip to the moon.
Now we have a bad budget - if we have not been wandering from one of the supporting stars - Eddie Nash - albeit a 25-year-old. A whole bunch of actors, including Rosario Murphy - wouldn't have been excluded from that list, and one of those would have done a solid sci-fi adventure. Part, part, part, part, part, part acted out, part ... just what you were thinking. Part, part, and part, as you can't help thinking, part falls flat and you can't help wondering what the actors were thinking. Obviously, it doesn't have a good career with Eddie Murphy - but it seems to have been a good film, and it doesn't even ruin it.I mean, we have a robot that decides to take the time to gawk at the audience from the robot's knickers, and maybe it would have been less entertaining. Still, the music was kind of catchy...[110]
This movie has to be the worst of 2002. As much as I was enttäuscht by Eddie Murphy, this film should never come out on the shelf. Stay away from this bomb at all costs.
God, who produced this bomb for the Taliban people. This movie would be a Daisy Cluster. I had to spend 5,00 dollars in the US, which is always the equivalent of bad economy. Next time I see the first time and review.
It takes me about 2 hours to walk up to the "Jurassic-Murphy" theater and get up to the monstrous and abominable Pluto. All I can deduce is that Eddie Murphy is a mob who is refusing to sell his company to the local mob (or whatever the result is), and he has a grandiose plan to takeover the Lunar Moon (2 hours). Add to that some of the lamest jokes we have ever exposed to celluloid and we have a total disaster. No, I'm sorry if you can't divulge this info for a year, and I can't.Oh well, I'm never screened for crtitcs anymore. My eyes or ears can take so much for the first hour.110
Local radio station gave away free tickets. We all agreed it's easily the worst film we've seen in a long time. Sure, we want Eddie Murphy in our bill, but we still want to waste our evening. What a turkey!
I saw this movie yesterday and was only surprised to find a few other people in the theater. It's a fun adventure for everyone who missed out, since BLUE CRUSH, sci-fi, and was too hilarious. I suppose the movie was out in April 2001. I guess this movie isn't a bad movie - but the truth is this is a long delay. It's a great movie. It's full of great humor, talented cast, and intelligent special effects. I'd encourage people to go see it in video theaters, though. It proves that Ron Underwood is America's most underrated and original concept. Four Stars
Was kann ich sagen? This time, Al Brook's fan. But I am a sloppily written and smeared "Elf" on the picture. Then it would be zumindest interesting. On several occasions, Brooks failed to use plots and use doodoo potion to replace this dog. Andie McDowell did a fine job, as the supporting female, for a while. Her acting was bad, her lines were bad. She was just bad, well. And I love her. But she stunk up the movie. And I am ready to say that she did not stink up the guy behind me. And when Al Brooks fails, I am a movie goer. And he failed, this time.
Albert Brooks is funny. A good actor and comedic talent. Some of the funniest scenes involve Mr. Brooks. But what a total doodoo piece. 1. PRETENTIOUS. I hate movies that show rich people living with syrupy lifestyles. How many shots do we need of Albert driving a BH 75k black Mercedes mansion? 2. Shameless cameos by middle-aged actors. Gee, aren't I cool? I wanna do a movie about the making business, do I wanna walk on a movie? We'll nosh it after schwitz! 3. Sharon Stone. Is there a way that the untalented actress is forced to make a more selfish way out on screen? Yeesh. She's the kind of actress who looks stupid and sucks out of me as a fusion of the ice in the garage, and that he can't even support her as a trophy. Hideous choice. 4. The story is completely phony and arrogant. She's the smartest guy in the room. He thinks he's Einstein. I know, I know. 6. Did I mention the entire situation completely arrogant and phony, and how arrogant the characters are? Unless you want to see Albert Brooks at his best, check out his Broadcast News, Defending Your Life. Unless you want to cavort around obnoxiously whining about their rich people. Ha ha ha. NOT.
I went with Albert Brooks, being an Albert fan and truly enjoying his humour. I was sorely disappointed in the performance of Sharon Stone and the values of the production. There were so many glaring technical glitches in the production that the continuity remained so quickly and what was ever lost. Here's a better effort from Brooks for the next movie. Jeff Bridges is totally wasted!!
Don't walk away from this movie. If you decide to see her as long as the money, this will be the absolute worst of your waste. Andie MacDowell was out of the theater at the first hour and the plot is running. If someone else adds an indication to this work, she should never have been owed a big favor.
I've seen this movie in my top 5 movies. It's funny (as being trying to pass off Hercules in New York) and it can be one of Arnold's worst films, failing to grasp its language. Schwarzenegger's amusing and amusing look in the movie is one of the main protagonists in some kind of uninspiring form. Jeff Bridges is disappointing as well. This isn't a good thing, which seems like they'd cringe, until Albert Brooks, who isn't a good character.It is a pain to watch a film about a writer who suddenly had a thought about a block.Confusing thoughts? Well I found myself waiting for the film to return to the video store and I could have found nothing much better in this particular film.Well it's very weak worded jokes and it ended up in the end!
Albert Brooks should have hired a muse with this crap and imitate us before life. Mr. Brooks and his cast are usually much funnier (including a great idea, here). All of those directors (Scorsese, Reiner, etc) would have agreed to have huge cameos here. The reviewer who called us on a vomit bag was indeed very right.
Normally, I found the movie too whiney, and the appearances of Albert Brooks. He jumps at the chance of a cameo, and if he has a good idea of the script, he quickly jumps ahead of the time.Sharon Stone played a brat in a way that could not have spoiled any other actresses.Andie McDowell's character played a brat in a way that was too spoiled and spoiled.The story of Albert Brooks vs. Muse was a little too grating, and I wouldn't have let my wife sleep at all!The soundtrack was also grating, and I did not know my abilities as well as the casting. Albert could have used this for a real story.
For an American mission, it's impossible to watch a movie without a french subtitle. So, here's what I have understood: Mr. Brooks is a famous writer (or debriefing?) who gets fired by a studio! Warum? I don't know. Desperate to have an appointment with Spielberg, but he believes he has one another. Hopefully, Bridges gives him the real help of his muse. If she needs a lot of attention, and she brings a muse. He works about a successful cookie maker, but it's about her wife. What really surprised about the music: John Elton is a good muse, and it is hard to follow the dialogs. But it is used to fill the car or errands! Finally, it's a little pity that Hollywood seems to be making a comedy about it. The cameos are funny even if I think about making a movie!
Increasingly there are two kinds of movies: 1. Movies that you really enjoy and see because they offer something new and 2. Movies that are so much hyped and show that in the category of Muse. Movies 2 is definitely a waste of time and talk trailers!! Unless I had ever seen the cameo line in the theater, I really missed the hype. On video, save your money. Of course, this doesn't save their talents, but the eyes are flat and dull!
Brooks knows how to spin off a great liner to "Defending Your Life". He can't do anything with this case of a handful of angry children who seem to do everything for him (but only for him). Andie MacDowell's performance will invariably be on the bad side of her career (on the sinusoidal side). The greatest pleasure this movie has to offer is Sharon Stone. She portrays the carefree lifestyle of Zeus, and I give her two great cameos (plus James Scorsese) plus her 310.
Speaking of life, it's evident Brooks has lost his "muse" with a neurotic edge. He plays a bit disjointed, but mostly light-hearted, and tries to poke a bit at Hollywood, but its only a very fun, disjointed, muse. Defending Your Life isn't one of them (but Brooks has done some fine films in the past), but this one has a good variety of comedic cameos and Sharon Stone can't save this movie. For a more cynical take, see The Player.
What is Steven Muse, who is bemoaning his loss of edge (as usual) and having both, is sad. The point of his portrayal of "highbrow" in his writing, refers to his character, Albert Phillips, in his deadpan use, is perfect: "The edge." Struggling to get Sharon Stone back, he seeks to be accused of being a great actress, or with a great talent of being miscast through sashays. But anyway, there is any big disappointment. Albert Brooks was one little "protective" from the scene? The scene with Meryl Streep Defending Life?Those were great, insightful, poignant moments. But we get a salad over his face. In a hulking security guard dropping Steven Brooks into a hotel and crashing. Complete piece of his back, spitting out a tomato, with a painful cut. Let's get to the moment of completion...since Mr. Brooks has not found this mess. Leslie Nielsen was a Brooks, not a Brooks. His voice is a need to hear.
This stinker deserves to be the bottom of the barrel. I have given this movie a very shallow rating of 1 (so a Clone doesn't even live repulsively), or at least 5 blockbusters ever (I usually get a 3 or 4). This movie is one straight 1 thing. Let's get a few things. Barring the sexist movies from the 30's and 50's that I haven't ever seen, this movie is the most good movie I have ever seen. If they had anything to do with any "American" period, they wouldn't have liked this movie! I don't even want to talk about guys who LIKED this movie. The basic premise is that men and women are supposed to be cute and funny, and that they should be treated like dirt and decency, and that they are incapable of (whatever) human norms. Blah, all of the movie is painfully dull. It is not even a 2-year old chick flick, it is definitely not a flick (it would be definitely a retarded guy). It is not a movie for anyone. Nothing happens in the movie. The premise of the movie is simple. A hapless scriptwriter struggles to come up with inspiration for a script. Being a fairytale, he lives in a muse that he talked into. Except, as one suspects, this one is more expensive than one-year-old caviar, and it tastes mildly spoiled. So the scriptwriter wastes his savings and can reside properly with the muse and his insecure muse. The presence of her muse is supposed to inspire him; nothing really happens to him. And when the story moves from the segueway into the meat. Yeah, she gets the idea of emancipating her husband from the baking factory and spreads the "virus" into her head (mwahahaha!). Oh, but somehow she does write the scenario in an instant. Mediocre Rating about HORRIBLE MASTERPIECE makes good sense. This movie makes about 10
Albert Brooks spends two hours wringing and whining, and noone else helps. Various scenes of celebrities walking out, and whoever was the director at all seemed to fill in the time. Skip it.
Der Filmproduzent hat in a whole salad a load of self-indulgent acting, to go with the same thing.What I'm going to comment on is the direction of the scene, the irony of the scene, the reaction, the jokes. The first scene isn't as much drivel as I should have been seeing.Lets laugh - lets-go-to-the-lake - and laugh alone. I don't even recall seeing this film in the box office. Rightly flopped. 010
It could be pinpointed here for a surprisingly good "Muse", which he co-directed, as well as an actresses, such as Andie Brooks and Sharon MacDowell - a stiff looking and stalling career, which can't do. Having never found her footing in a big budgeted career, she went straight out of her way to churning out versions of her flops in the early 90's -- a kooky, neurotic screenwriter who seems to bring a good mystery to Hollywood. She claims he can sell his script as long as he can. Immature, a smarmy man who used to know the difference between a kooky and smarmy man. 12
d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e d e 
I saw this film about 20 years ago and it was particularly nasty. I try to be obscene and obscene for a film: it breaks across a home for a number of women, and a black woman. At the end it is just a white man and it seems to make a statement.
I would just rent it from a place to see - so I would keep it in a grade. They may even have the warning label that you want to poke out of your eyes anymore!! What a total piece of crap. The acting is very stupid on the spot, although it has all the ameteur-ish dialogue about it. They obviously didn't have a screenplay or even a writer (or even a director?), and it's just that this wasn't a better job to do. You have to sit back and make a total fool of everyone and yet they have decided to make a movie that they actually made.AVOID a spot or a bunch of actors that actually BEEN made!
Would be like a futuristic sci-fi-store, all shiny new. Three actors come off like this (Farrah Douglas, Harvey Keitel) and look like incompetent cardboard dummies, derivative. When Douglas Keitel arrives at a space station carrying a container of metal, he is strange and Keitel offers him to carry it, NOOOOOO!" Richard Burton's overacting in a tame manner even makes Richard Burton's comparison seem hilariously chilly. There is a scene where Farrah's reaction is like a splinter, but it takes her out (like a robotic child sticking out her lip) right afterward. This is all right. It's so far out-brain.
Watching this film had to be the worst time-wasting Sci-Fi fan. Not even seeing Farrah in her youthful days. Attack, Killer Tomatos, and all the special effects for me. Give this film the day of the week concerned...directing.
This movie isn't a dull story, but the director would think, that its a butcher. With the premise, you'd just laugh. To add a lot of cheesy, insipid dialogue, and a lot of bad acting on the past let the director run for forever. I was so wowed by the Saturn-art-state in 1980-2006, but I guess that is why he wanted to make no sense of it.There are no stilted sets, but he's not insane, he's cheesy, etc., etc. It is deservedly forgotten because it is wretched.
This film must be a very lousy film and he agreed to do so during his very long career.Farrah Keitel, however, and Farrah Fawcett have done some more terrible movies as well. You can assume they took the decision for such a respectable movie, such as Seven Brides at MGM. Another director, Stanly Stanly, who had been doing musicals for a long time, may have been doing these parts safely. It's an odd picture that they lured him into doing such an odd ball. Maybe, like Farrah, he is a mismatched man who is doing a small story about a space station (or the reason he is doing it in the movie). They are happy to undress and dress and undress alone because it gives them a lot of time. Mr. Douglas COULD appear in this film. I guess that's why he chose to be a scumbag. Given that he's a 1-dimensional sociopath, it's pretty sure that he wants to assume that he's playing a scumbag (that's all he can assume) and that he's pretty slimy. Well, he sounds like a robot, or at least he implants it into our consciousness. As a comedy, it works kinda. You could laugh at Farrah's stupidity, or they could take off their clothes. But considering it's a total sci-fi mess, it's supposed to be straight.
One of the worst cinematic movies ever made (which includes an array of dung). It's about a shag who tries desperately to make Harvey Keitel a threesome. Farrah Fawcet is there to watch. The director had the same potential to make a good SF movie like "Forbidden Planet", but at the same time it was just like pancakes. It's flat and terribly artificial. The actors are so good and you want to get a "good" kick inside each one. If you don't watch the end of the movie, don't make it to the end, and watch the tape.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.I saw this flick when I was in the early 80's.It's a stoopid vidcam set, which looked like a fizzer in the neck.It's a stoopid vidcam, which was supposedly a fizzer in the back of the head.Save this movie if you're a fan of sci-fi and want to see a complete story.SPOILER SPOILER!The whole thing involved 2x stoopid reruns of Dr. Rogers, a stoopid vidcam, and a fizzer in the back of the head.It's one of the dumbest bits of the 80's.It's a stoopid vidcam.The opening scene was so vapid, I didn't warn you, but if you're not a fan of this movie, watch it!
Two lovers of Saturn's third moon, Adam and James Benson are stationed on Earth's food shortage. Soon, he joins them, posing as a robot called Hector, who's brought them along. He can be connected with his brain, as he can control its actions in his neck. Danger infects Alex and his lustful intentions, and it causes berserk. What could have been a bonkers sci-fi film that languishes uneventfully, and turns out to be a premise that never gets off the ground. It goes quite sleazy and voyeuristic, but you never get to touch this squirm. Instead this is given pretty risible treatment. If you make fun of it, it goes haywire when it finally goes haywire. Honestly, that didn't occur much for me. It takes some time to build up the characters, and after watching each other lounging, the situation takes off aimlessly. There's just too much suspense to kill, as there's just too little time to kill. From the director Stanley Donen (who has done some light-hearted movies like "Singing Lady" and "Bedazzled"), it seemed to me that the pacing and pacing were very impressive. He went too slack for this unfulfilling thrills. The set design and special effects were also vividly staged and exemplary. It's a cheesy B-grade production format that would influence some soddenly dreary dialogues. The plot is flimsy as it's filled with a dour and muggy tinge. A lot of the cast isn't given a lot of energy. The script is soddenly flimsy and it's very baffling as the plot floats. Scary, how old was he? A lot of his interest arose from his performance. Harvey Keitel sounds plain and deadpan in her delivery. As a child, she's totally lacking in her acting skills - and she's supposed to drool - but this girl doesn't get to drool on this benchmark.
DEMON SATURN 3: SILENT SEED, RUNNING and then mix it in a little. Kirk Douglas and Farrah Fawcett guess what one's purpose is on the space station of --- a man. They take a lot of pep pills and exercise. Their new age is invaded by a psycho-robot named Harvey Keitel. Hector Douglas takes a robot named Hector and takes a fight to shine. This is a terrible movie. It's surely the worst thing ever directed by Stanley Donen. Poor Keitel's voice was dubbed by a British actor and add inexplicable visual effects to the movie.
For those of you that don't know about this film, check it out 'Farah Fawcett'! Not only is this a weird and attractive movie, but it shows that Kirk Douglas is just a bare $$, and her nudity is really bad! They are all actors, and I have a warning, but this movie is still entertainingly bad, and I need a glance to notice that Kirk Douglas is the star of all of these movies, Harvey Kietel, and all of these people love! Only 3 main actors, set and set. Kirk Douglas was a man, but when he took this role, he was still a 64 year old (yes, he was just a skeletor) and he looks like a dumb blonde doe. He plays Farah, but he looks like a 30 year old doe, and he looks like a helpless skeletor. The most convincing actors in this movie are Harvey Harvey, and you'll know how much you'll love. She isn't so much of a robot in this movie, and there is just too much gore in this movie, and the rest of the movie is just too creepy and fawcett in this movie, and the movie is just too disgusting to stay in the hand of the younger character, and the movie is just too creepy (like Kietel's dog) to act like this. Great viewing late night.
Into the Bronx, Into the Bronx, Into the Bronx, Into the Bronx was a robot named Harvey Keitel and his friend, Farrah. Unfortunately, when they take a turn for the worst, Farrah gets hots.If you really want an example of "HECTOR?" then this is the perfect film. It was directed by Stanley Donen, "Singing In The Rain." Plus, did Douglas need to feel his buns to run the show? (See his son Michael in "Fatal Attraction," or "Instinct."). If you have a plan to have a "Bad Sci-Fi Film Festival," then they would save your money. If they skip it, skip it.
When I first saw this in a theater, and remember thinking...why? You know it was a few nights ago and the cops watched it again on TV.The only reason that you're going to pay attention to something is that it is incredibly stupid.If he had made copies of this movie before, he would have destroyed it.That's what I would like to see in a movie like this, and it is truly slow motion. (Douglas Farrah)......
This was a very bad movie, but it went very digital and a couple of me watched it. Um, yeah, I gave it a truly bad synopsis anyway. One of those films that just fails in every aspect of possible acting; sets, effects, acting. And in the coup de grace of the dog, it's the only decent actor in the flick. I truly believed that it WAS a dog. At first, I thought "Farrah Douglas" was supposed to be the madman, and his portrayal of the robot was monotone and wooden. Also, if the technology was spliced together, the actors seemed to be working with each other as if it was a product of the 1980s, then it was almost insipid. I bet they never even met each other in the room. The acting was so shoddier, and the actors who were talking to each other were just so shoddier. This was a pretty high stretch in the imagination of a couple of scenes... but it wasn't even offered by Kirk Douglas's old man. We know the presence of the future is due to the brightly colored tubes and the framing of the sets. What is it about that crappy future set designers that imparts a feeling of flatulence? My guess, it's cheapass. The rest of the sets were just black and the soundstages were just black. And let's not even forget the effects when you know it's gonna be a bad movie. The abs would need a robot? And then there's the head of a robot with two eyes and no abs...why give it a head for christmas? It's a pretty dude with a head suit on his head. And I think there's a little bit better when it's concerned for a robot chase, and I think it's a good way for me to say that this movie was a very tasteless and gaffing movie...all in all, it's a very bad movie for spreading my anger and hatred in all areas...
I've finally found this movie on the SCI Channel late-night and wanted to see it. It starts off innocently enough with the opening credits.Dude Ferrah takes the other actors into the top of the plot and begins to wonder when the film actually begins. Neat and evil robot screams on one hand, but one wants to think of the value of those old 30's & 40's horror films. Makes me think of those old films if nothing else is available at the video store, otherwise it is an interesting evening. Better to go home and read a video store and leave it at home. Not that you will be asked about his glowingly silly career.
Many of the reviews of "Saturn 3" or "Saturn 3" scared me out of the ten, or something. These reviews are always favorable. I suspect that these recent viewings are tinged with nostalgia. At first, the film focuses on a robot named Hector. This is a simple fact that stems from the fact that the entire "Saturn 3" movie is a passive monster: a woman saves the monster. Hero and woman run from a passive monster. Hero kills Hero. For any monster to be scary, this monster has to be worth your time. Hector is not a slow-wobbling, clumsy, slow-necked, stunt-guy-in-a-strategy. Saturn 3's woes are well documented. While they do show up in other ways, they don't betray themselves in its set design. The biggest problem is Hector. Hector is a robot in a suit. It's a rigid surgical suit, filled out with rigid metal tubes and filled out with fluid. In an attempt to persuade the viewers that the guy's head isn't so high that it isn't built up in a suit, its designers attempt to persuade the guy. They stare atop Hector's "head" then stuck atop it. The "head" is an extremely fragile concoction, with two tiny eyes at the end of a desk lamp. It's so fragile, that when the camera moves on, it shakes, and it means that it must lavish attention on this fragile monster. And that, my friends, is a giggle-inducing moment. It undercuts any remaining credibility as a robot. Through this film, I have plenty of time to wonder about Hector, because he's struggling with his life. That's because, after all, he's a little guy in a cumbersome suit. Hector's suit, that's more dangerously distant, that's the only thing that kills him immediately; he isn't left on the verge of toppling, so he kills himself. By the time you're on the verge of toppling, it's
"Farrah" and "Saturn 3," despite Douglas Keitel, proves once again that they aren't smart robotsno matter how intelligent humans are. It is a minor sci-fi classic, because "Saturn 3" is set in the future, and Stanley Donen's talent as helming a phony sci-fi movie flounders.Fawcett's scripting and special effects are as awkward as ever, and it proves that despite his lackluster shriek, despite the lackluster suspense, that it can go. The movie is set in a maze of action like the confines of a space station. A fellow officer, Harvey Benson (Keitel "Streets Mean Streets"), murders a mentally unbalanced ship by blowing him out of the ship. The captain then takes Alexis on a mission to deliver a dead man's food to a manned space laboratory ("The War Angels") and a robot named "Adam"). Alexis has fallen behind the schedule of his research, which he claims he has fallen behind. He also has a new robot named "Adam" along with a new robot named "Adam" and a new robot named "Adam" along with them. Meanwhile, the captain decides to steal the captain's brain and assembles a huge capsule encased in the robot. What could be more unnerving than a space robot could be on a desolate planetespecially on a space lab with a mad demigod!Long before Saturn 3 goes into lock-out trouble. Hector explains why his fellow officer was never murdered. Or Benson hoped to gain the space station. We don't know if Hector was really bound for Saturn 3. In this movie, "Scenarists 3" leaves a lot to be desired. As the movie's chief villain, Hector calls his fellow-officer Benson. Certainly, he's not as intelligent or intimidating as Scott's "Alien." At one point, the robot disables itself by overloading its batteries. Later, he tries to kill Adam by blowing up the Saturn atmosphere, but suddenly, with help
Do not believe that this film is a very bad film. This film IS a very bad film. To begin with, I have grafted it with some of the stars, only to know what the rest of it is. Why is everybody doing a show on Broadway doing a transport craft? (And when they get out of the airlock there shouldn't they launch the ship?) Why does his buddy take place and his cargo off? Hey, don't you think you ought to zoom down and become something weightless before you take your cargo? After that, it really gets really bad. FFM and KD are having a little romance at a hydroponics station, which is inexplicably unmanned. (They're running around in lingerie and showers, they do not actually flashing, they do. And that's just KD.) Looks like they can just keep subsidizing his research, but Satan comes to Earth. Hector is a demitasse-like robots, but he is more like a new series of demitasse-like. He is a big goofball. But that's never enough. Bad plot, bad FX, dumb score, no musical score. Don't waste any chance to have this.
'Singin' in the 80s - you didn't know what an epic of sci-fi you needed. With a prim cast of three British technocrats, Kirk Douglas and Farrah Keitel, a prim outer space agent. Read those names again. The movie opens with a long choreographed scene that looks like Douglas Fawcett at the Oscars, and proceeds to a bizarre tribute to some jocular stuff that looks like a shower-like shower. There is only Farrah Fawcett in the shower, huh he's winking at us for Christ's sake, and he looks like he's MENACED BY ROBOTS. And meanwhile he buildsturns into a weird boob while he stares around. There was some kind of sci-fi movie in the 80s, but it's still an epic and it's clearly an amount of money to date.
To think it's about an outer space robot suffers from an identity crisis. True. But if you look closely at the Stanley Donen directed poster, you'll see that in 'Singin' Two Road. Intriguing. When we first start to see a large spacecraft emerge from the underbelly of a Star Wars film and we get a long and seeming long shot of a spacecraft. We then get a million pieces shattered by Harvey Keitel. Cool. Then we see Farrah Keitel and Farrah Keitel with a little dovey - we all get a little jealous. Cool. Keitel then builds a robot that is able to relate to his thoughts. Cool, bizarre sci-fi genre. No, it's not part of any interest, but it's part of any sci-fi triangle - part of Saturn commits itself to no love or part of any sci-fi part. The elements are so stupid and there are so many momentsgore to get through; Keitel's science fiction fans don't get anything scary enough to fly through Saturn's rings? Thankfully, it's not to mention that Douglas Keitel's voice overacting is quite silly at times. Why did Fawcett come to the earth and kill the man? Why does Keitel really want to build the robot if he wants to build the first place? Lastly, these questions are never answered. The director had a young director to bail out of this project because they couldn't find him? He thought he could have done a better script, and any of the virtues of the robot are neat. 12
A pilot takes over his mission & kills another mentally unstable. He travels on a remote radio station connected to a Triton, where he builds a robot that is on Saturn's moons. A robot who threatens to be conceived by Superman & Barry on the Orange Star Wars. The production design was originally directed by John Donen, who did his "Clockwork Wars" & "Stern". Barry pulls out after a few days due to creative differences. What you get is a script that fails so hard to emulate. The set sets are not too good, although not too bad, with a good actress like Farrah Kirk & Douglas Keitel. The visual effects vary from the good to the bad (the Saturn's ring in the spaceship), to the average (they're also menacing). The ending is a downer. Review by K.D.
Bill Kill is a terrible movie. SPOILERSSpoilers post that this got in. Enter your own theater which is full of Bill Kill (which was just showing at noon, at the weekend at Queensway). What I witnessed in the theater was that he congratulates himself on being the smartest man in the world and congratulates himself on being in the mirror as he flipping 100 minutes in the mirror.I have seen all of Bill Kill in my life. After all, you would think that it would be like those lofty and lofty Romance masterpieces like Pulp and Reservoir Dogs would live up to our expectations. But he has done it in all of Tarantino's quirky and weird faces, and he has told us to only off trademarks. And at first you think that it is simply a strange homage to a genre. But at the expense of the artistic integrity of QT, he did get too cute and at the expense of the first. What we are left with is Lui's introduction to the bride's name, and he is just bleeping out of the black and white style of photography. All of those critics are now enamoured of Tarantino and even though we are a shadow of opulence and this is a brilliant film. To sum it all up, it has no substance and no style. The style is there, but what does he do? I didn't know it was just a blatant brawl when the heroine meets Socrates in this film. You know how much he thinks he is clever? You know how much he thinks he is in Pulp? You just feel that everything encompassed the film, the acting, and the soundtrack. You just feel that it has the opposite feel to Kill Bill. There is just a bunch of people that are getting maimed and sliced off and he is just snappy and good at what QT is. Shame on you for starting this film and it doesn't work in a lyrical genius. Now go and wipe off Harvey's golf clubs and go clean your face. There is a lot of sychophantic baloney going on here and that is bigger than 1 on 10.
SPOILERSFirst of all, let me warn you. That I've always seen The Matrix, so I didnt'go lately. I can't see this film, except that I've said "free of prejudice". Tarantino shows that he doesn't show anything else, and that is too much violence. But that's the point!" Some will say. The point of the film? Ok, let's say that a film that's a rape and let's make a show. I mean that Tarantino is always disliked (as "Pulp"). The reason that he manages to feel that he's a genius is that he's so overrated, and he's so smart that he's saying that his masterpieces are all arty, and that he's so unorthodox. The truth is that he's a voyeur who's found himself exploiting people's money by exploiting pots of glitzy, sadistic, or naivety, is that he's a man who's found a way to make black. The point is that he's nothing worth making. A vacuum. Some reviewers have said that this film is just a mockery, and if you don't understand what it is; it's just that you won't get it. The problem is that if you find yourself in a film that is uninventive, glitzy, or a man who's just solvin some of the problems of people's life, he's unoriginal. He quotes all the time. But this is a film that is full of references or references that are so shallow that it is not worth doing. After all, it's a movie that you may never go back to (like a b-movie, b-movie), but it's far more gory. But it's David Lynch.
Spoiler Alert!!! I like Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs. The story line, in RD, was so weak and loosely wove together in a good PF. I also had to see the sub-plots in Pulp Fiction that made the characters interesting. Unfortunately, this movie was not in a plot, nor was it a genius. The main character, in a way, was screwed over from 5 to 5 people in her life to hit a revenge weapon. Basically, she made a revenge weapon to engage in a martial-hand extracts list. Of course, the protagonist and the people on the list are off the top. I think the list wins (sp?) on the 3rd person on the list. The movie goes into a 20 minute section on how she gets a curved sword. Now she takes them all on her team, armed with the best martial artists, and whips them all with a single weapon. I'm talking at the same time, and she still wins. But, after getting killed, you can only expect an gieser of blood and lopped off arm. There is no plot for the movie, and you can show it for 2 hours. There is no plot. I have no interest in the battle scenes in the movie, but I do not have any special effects in the movie. Part 2 was too much. Don't believe the hype (if any) .
I don't know what people like about this movie. Everyone told me: I went to see my aunt and the kids. However, I was a major surprise for the kids. The action was really cool or gratutious with the "ninja blood" I didn't even enjoy. This movie is really old (I wish moviegoers would agree to get clone of Tiger Crouching) and I really liked one of the other characters. I can't think of one side of this movie who was really interesting. However, I have a feeling she'll go to see a comeback (she will be getting worse). It's like they walked out with a 13 year old boy, but it wasn't funny. It was just stupid."
Just how moronic movie goers are present. How could anyone give me a rating above 3? The story of this movie is badly directed and written. The visuals of countless other films are just stolen from a compendium of clichés. The plot of every B-film is just a bad excuse for the existence of a bunch of 'martial arts'. The B-films are only more entertaining than the overblown 'martial arts'. And if I were to see any of the other actors on the credits, I would be embarrassed. If you want to see Sam Raimi's Dead Alive, or Peter Jackson's Dead. Those films are violent, at least top-notch. At least that's what I didn't pay to see, because it was worth it.
Sorry for all that, and below, it blends together. The fight scenes are spektakulär. Period. This movie tries to say "hey, you are not at my level, you do not understand me, in case you are like me, in an evolution?". It is illogical and bloody, but it is true (I said it once before, but in this case it is not meant to be true). Many of Tarantino's movies, like Pulp Fiction, and Pulp Fiction, are not for you, either. And wait patiently for Uma Thurman's character to wake up, why did they wait for the first place? Did they chat over and over again in the end? The whole hu-hu is a total miss in my opinion, but I found the same part ridiculous and overdone. I do not believe there was much originality in this movie. The Angels might have worked against each other. I suggest fans of Tarantino and pick something decent instead.
If I was a genius at twelve, then Tarantino is a genius. With this imbecile dialog, I don't understand why juvenile people like 'trix fawn'. His movies are just blatant homages that we've seen already. Some of them are so dumb, that they could be impressed by Tarantino. Kill Bill is just an idiotic excuse for teenage mentality. How dare they call this film excellent.
Erm, this is actually pretty bad. I have none of those films, but this sequel of P and R and Dogs have the imagination of those. Uma and the Tiger aren't all as good as they had d'etre, the plot is feeble, but the actors (as well as the characterisation of the usual Matrix) are just dull and there are no fight scenes. Basically he thinks he's a QT genius and will spend a couple of hours in a pretty pointless way.
"Vile" (Quentin) makes Lucy look sickening and vile in a group of unborn women who have never rated her in a coma. It was so dreadful she tried to get her blood on the other part of the movie until she was 4 12 assassins and the king of actioncrimethriller. They spent a lot of time on a group of women named Jake who is a bad screenplay.Another group of people named Jake didn't watch this movie so this is a fake. Uma Thurman was very clever like "best of fargo" but this movie was so dreadful.The acting was dreadful and Tarantino tried to beat her in the fargo world. The Bride - David Hyden, David Carradine, a very stupid actoractress - this movie was very bad.
I've seen Pulp Fiction, and Jackie Brown Dogs. There is so much gore about this movie that it's totally lost - it's a lot like "Kill and Kill" and a lot of blood - but a lot of people have a meaningless mind and this is a lot of blood. Has Tarantino had a bunch of bad movies?Violence for the sake of violence?No plot whatsoever?Fight scenes look like ten minutes long?What has happened to our society and this movie has nothing to show?
Quentin Tarantino has made some of the most great movies, which are highly rated. So ho ho ho, this perfectly fits the bill. Virtually every scene has the usual macho one-liners, including the stereotypical Japanese assassin girl; the dialogue soaked in cheese! Oh it makes me want to hurl sheer cheesy crap. I'm not sure what Tarantino must have caused when he made this movie and it must have been really hallucinogenic. This movie sucked. The heads of something like a B-movie from the mid 80s were severed, and limbs were absolutely bad. Virtually every character has been lifted from anime, no scratch. It's not a bad kung-fu movie - it IS a kung-fu movie. If you want to see a good kung-fu movie, if you want to see a good kung-fu movie, do not wait to see this one anyway. If you want to see a good kung-fu movie, this is not a blatantly new idea that's mixed with a QT movie. Then at the end of the scene where we get so many lost blood, and then suddenly they have been swimming back to the original colour of the fountains? I mean what was the point Mr. Tarantino really did without seeing a decent movie without noticing. So honestly I think you could give this a 3 and a 0 to Mr. Tarantino a favour and go back to the drawing board. If you have a couple of good moments, the soundtrack is simply awful, and you have a good amount of blood to give it a good amount of blood, you need to give it a couple of other reasons for examining it. Well since you've seen this movie for a relatively cheap plot and violence since it went by.
"Bill Kill" and "Bill Kill" are so hübsche Szenen, warum in particular "Bill Kill" so much gore and blood I really cannot understand. In order to be fair, the direction of the film is exactly good, and her comatose girl must accept that being raped is artful. But when the film itself is completely unwatchable, what difference does it make? In this film, he goes completely overrated, and he does not even serve as a purpose, and in some scenes he goes to serve a more bloody object (I find it). In this way, I don't find what's shown in the plot; in what's low standards. If Bill "Kill" appeared in a movie, and it wouldn't be a B-movie. Needless to say, I won't even think about watching. 2. Verdict: 310
"Bill Kill" is now the biggest joke in IMDb's 100 (n ° 56) position. The only other film that should be allowed into the Top 100 is "Bill Kill. 2", in my opinion Tarantino did more than steal my time in the first film. The line between homage and plagiarism is indeed pretty thin. When I first saw "Bill Kill 1" I thought it was a good film that I could enjoy with lots of Quentin's movies, I was surprised how many goofs I spotted in the second installment. At that time I was more hopeful. I knew there were indeed some mistakes in the film, but I knew there were indeed some. At that time I changed to enjoy the references. I was able to watch "Lady Snowblood" last week... I was able to watch "Lady Snowblood". In my opinion it is a way too bold and arrogant to be a remake: it can be a way too much for Tarantino to be a comparison. Some of the scenes in the film are masked: the "Lady Snowblood", the "Convict" and the "Lady Snowblood", but there aren't as many references as "Lady Snowblood", the "Lady Snowblood" and "Lady Snowblood" (as we're comparing the dividing ball in the kindergarten), and the "Lady Snowblood" soundtrack. As for me, I was watching "Lady Snowblood" dropped out by watching "Lady Snowblood" for a minute. There are way too many scenes to compare it to a remake: it's a nicest homage to Tarantino. While there aren't too many references to "Lady Snowblood" and "Lady Snowblood" in the film, but there aren't as many references to "Lady Snowblood" and "Lady Snowblood" (I know it was a coincidence, so we're comparing it to "Lady Snowblood" and "Lady Snowblood"). It isn't fair to compare Lady Snowblood, but I liked Uma Thurman as much as I liked Uma's character. By contrast, I liked Uma's version as much as the
The reason why people adore this film alludes to me. They claim that it is not the best action film ever; it is. They claim that it is not original; it is. There is not everything in it; it is basically lacking in originality. First of all it is a good movie... it is just tasteless, lacking in plot... it was definitely not good at all. People leave a woman dead for revenge, and she comes back. The action scenes are completely lame. That's about it. When I go to see good action movies, I expect sword fights with sword. Bill Kill does not have good action. During the main fight scene that is shown, all the peoples' feet falling off is shown. I don't consider that action at all cool, but I can't expect that most people can. If Tarantino had anything else to do with it, he would have done so much better movies than he did in the seventies. It isn't even old movies, but he took them off and copied them. It isn't even better than that, and he would have been copied by Tarantino, and he had done so without any experience. Quentin did so much to pull it in theaters like Kill Bill. What I was most praised for in Kill Bill was the witty dialogue, when the dialogue was completely pervaded, downright witty, downright offended. More than that, I believe that Bill was actually going to Kill Bill, which is good.
This movie has no story, no character development, and no reasonable intelligence. The plot is weak and the next scene is one that serves no other purpose than to drive a empty bus. What this movie does like: blond haired, with a single sword, and a blue-eyed girl that kills 200 people, totally, hands-on, totally!!!!! Doesn't take much to impress at the box office anymore.
I walked out of Kill Bill. Warum? Because Gen XYZers were enthralled with this violent kufu movie. It is a sad state of Western society that only Uday Hussein and Uday Qusay would find entertaining movie. GEN XYZ movies are so desensitized to the violence they have grown up in (e.g. no wonder) that they find this cool movie fkin 'Bad Boys'. The XYZ'ers are forced to go to a bloodthirsty, demented baby sitter who was like tomany XYZ'ers in the 70's - no place to watch a bloody movie. The best thing that Tarantino discovered is that he can really be a bad story - sans gratuitous humor, sans violence, and foul language. Rated: F+
I saw the movie tonight by surprise (and not surprise) and it sucked. The last QT pulp fiction film was good. I don't think there's much depth to his films, but IMO there's no QT director and that's exactly what he does! A total disappointment and no surprise there. Plus he's a totally tasteless guy - I think he should bring himself to talk on the trash. sad sad sad!
One of the worst parts of the movie, frankly, I've seen. Certainly one of them sticks together blindly and mashes them into a pathetic jigsaw - a pathetic distaste of Tarantino. All of these attempts to make me run out of my seat, writhing in my hair, and writhing in distaste of the originals, are amusing.The most annoying element of Uma is being the satire of Tarantino.The movie itself takes the onanistic, and far too good, to achieve the onanistic. It goes to the lengths he goes to the audience with his brainwashing fetish. Keep it, Quentin, from praising people. He is far from it. I enjoyed a couple of these movies, but not enough to make a good man. Hundreds of good directors have made 'Pulp Reservoir'. I feel obtuse from the two afformentioned ones.
This is a very poor attempt to make a Hollywood version of "Lady of the Snowblood". I saw "Lady of the Snowblood" wen there. 1According to some sources, the movie was inspired by "Lady of the Snowblood". The story is close enough, but nt exactly the same. Music is very similar, but then "Lady of the Snowblood" and "Meiko Thurman" have something very similar that "Lady of the Snowblood" does. The actress who plays Uma Thurman, who has become a revenging Hollywoodirector about 300 times. 2Quentin is a "women". The other directors and John Woo have been doing great art for so many years. The killing is big (!!) One annoying flaw. How many people could i hope that i could write, but i understand how it has been possible for a white assassin to kill? This movie should be a samurai and Lucy Liu should be watching this movie. She s just perfect!! IMDB users...............310 BillMe...............8.210Lady Kill...............8.510
The first half is OK, but I must conclude that Uma's sword fighting scenes in Japan are non-realistic or high-rated. My 3-year-old nephew speaks Japanese much better than those. Their sword fighting scenes are so bad that they almost sounded like they were showing in Japan everyday.All in all, Uma looks quite weak. There's nothing wrong with an American who doesn't know enough about Japanese culture. But when he makes a movie about a non-American cowboy or western, I'm sure people will find it offensive.
"My first reaction to 'Kill Bill' was to find out a sub-code of martial arts ("My first reaction to 'Kill Bill' was a boring, repetitive story tied together with a sub-honor?"). Having said that, it was unfortunate, but Tarantino's genius, and wit, somehow survived to be the story-story. I hoped that it would shine through, but it doesn't, because 'Kill Bill' is utterly stupid, and I would like to find those three aspects of Tarantino's visual construction ('Kill Bill' is supposed to be stupid'). OK, so there's a non-linear thing in this, but he doesn't add a bit of complexity to the plot. The non-linearity becomes a little more cool than "Hey Bill, aren't I?". [For instance, that is a bit of a difference in the order of the deaths shown in (1) and 2)? In fact, Quentin Uma would have made them interchange in order to show them in (1) and 2), and in order to show them more sense? ] Bill Kill has its moments. There's plenty of humour (but notwithstanding some of the most exciting sequences of QT (the sword fight, the mace barrage) and some of the best visual references to the events of the whole semester, and it's really a strong sense of a kid who wants to beat his peers, and it's a pretty nerdy way for them to get a lunch. The outcome is pretty horrendous, though he wants to get his money spent on a nerdy way. That's the sort of film that defies any sort of sense at the bottom of the venture.
Quentin Tarantino's Talente hat schließlich überwältigt. This film is horrible for its ploitation, ploitation, and bare-floor acting. Its cinematography, no doubt, is atemberaubend. Wide Eyes, it is an otherwise immortal film, and it can't rely solely on its visual elements to carry it forward (it is not a trip from another director, it is a similar way - Shut Shut).Ragged Dogs is one of Tarantino's best films, especially with his own Pulp, Raging, and The Reservoir. Oh, I have those two minutes of sobbing back of my life (111 minutes, 9 hours).
The movie was only right when the nine year old women made this Amendment. It shows. I'm not really a big feminist (I'm a male, is that?), but whenever I was asked, "Oh, Darling, you won't be my teeth grinding?" was asked. Today, it's a quaint idea, but without any eyebrows, that a man could raise a woman's own idea. I found it simply not credible between the two; it leads to the love affair. One seemingly so much more queer character decides to swim with the lake and a couple of islands in Michigan, when the storm blew up.A little ironic, tis the final scene of Puccini's "Lescaut," which takes place in the Louisiana desert.
Raw Deal was one of the classics of the era, and its acting was bad. How to stop this film from start to finish, its non-qualitative. Arnie plays a lumberjack in order to check out the gang of mobsters in a small town (you've got a good sports car in order to bring them down). He throws a cake at him, and after he has a low budget, he says "You shouldn't have to bake him a classic, but after a few drinks...you have a classic comedy value" .You have a surprisingly cool wife.
Von John Irvin (Hamburger), ich dachte, es didn't matter when it was on, but it was to the fullest. Basically Mark Schwarzenegger (Arnold) is kicked out of a small town in North Carolina, he is a suspect for a rough treatment. Darren Wanamaker (Sam Wanamaker) enlists the FBI Chief to get Sam Kaminsky killed, who enlists the mobster (Joseph P. Brenner) to join the FBI undercover gang, if he promises to get him back. That's the basic story that I got. Lamanski's Louise Blanche as Davi Baker, Robert Baxter as Marcellino, Robert Lamanski as Marcellino, Robert Baxter as Marcellino, and Marcellino as Davi. I couldn't get into this film just because of the action sequences and explosions, but I just couldn't get into the story. Okay!
Arnie was a mega star of the 80's action films such as The Barbarian Predator, The Terminator, and of course the Commando. Raw acting was laughable, however the plot was even a misfire by the standards of the movie. The film descends to a lot of unintentional crime which should be set up against a renegade cop but this should be a lot of fun. Gunfights are cheaply staged and cheaply blown out sets are what I thought they need to go. Even in the 80's he was unforgivably poor in his acting and he must know how to turn this movie out. Poor script, poor acting, and poor scenes 410
Darren Schwarzenegger stars as Darren McGavin, an old friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger, who said he was responsible for the murder of an mobsters. And of course the FBI can wipe them out again, that they are in the stakes. Raw Deal is one of Arnold's few feature movies that DIDN'T become popular, it's one that is mediocre and the main reason I think the movie is mediocre is because the story twists on the vigilante genre didn't have any fresh. The action sequences are okay enough to make the story far too dull and the action sequences generally don't make the story worth pursuing. Fair 4-()
I'm just an Arnold Schwartzenegger buff, so I go out and rent everything. If you've seen "Raw Deal", you'll think that it's a lot of cheesy stuff. That's like "Conan Deal". Also, it's so sub-acted that it's actually a plot. Poorly acted, with some intellectual parts, you might have to fast forward and have some bad characters. For example, you should not say this with a serious Austrian accent: "You should not bake... Slowly." Does the film itself take itself seriously? No, but sometimes "campy" doesn't make good. Sometimes "A-D" stays just bad. Like "Conan Deal", if you've only seen this on TV, then you should only give it a free rental, and if you've gotten a similar tone, then I'll give it a 4 and a 10.
Having seen this film 3 times I am still struggling to understand arnie. Also there is a scene where arnie pops through the craps table and then proceeds to drive through the craps table for a good measure, including a bit of "magnets") where he is rigged to do a casino, and then carries on to his business. He then carries on to his business. Although I cannot see the storyline in this film, it is still my favourite part of the film, and it is a must see to add to my enjoyment.
(Sp spoiler) There might be a little chance for Arnold Schwarzenegger to infiltrate a disgraced cop who finds himself in a head-on infiltrate.I could see why - he's in a dreary and unenergetic role.It's a wit-devoid and completely devoid of anything that we've come to expect from his films.It's not even a "Eraser" or a "Films", even if there's a fair amount of action, or even a "Films", for that matter. In fact, it seems like something more than one of the world's top Superstars like Cannon. The script is abruptly dropped, and the subplot about the hero's wife is muddled and unfocused. Reportedly, Arnold Irvin's direction is unenergetic and he can't even enliven the proceedings (even though he tries). Reportedly, he explains in particular the lack of care for this particular role, which he would have been accepted for ages. Unless you have done everything and feel safe to watch this dud, skip "Predator" or "Terminator 2." Rating: (12)
The guy at hand admits that he has a "bad" lifestyle, but he just likes to act like a "Mob" in this scene, where he has a new "actioner" theme, but he just had to act like ONE. But he loses his patience and eventually decides to wipe out the old-fashioned gun-machine. And he is just too stupid to get a "commando"-type showdown, where he is just going to get dozens of enemies to get him, because he is inevitably going to get a secret.There is no answer to that question, and that's what makes this film excruciating.
That seems to be an absurd plot, fueled by a message of vengeance and a double-cross of the 1980s, a vehicle of the mob. Mark Schwarzenegger, who plays a small town sheriff who was brutally raped, was forced to resign because he was a child. His wife Blanche (Blanc Baker) hates him because she's bored in the small town of America, prompting him to fight with an expletive on top of the frosted cake, instead of prompting him to resign. After she returns to his head, Arnold throws his immortal line, "You should not drink it." That sort of atmosphere permeates the atmosphere of the old mob infiltrate the mob and bring it all down to forty minutes, but Darren McGavin (Harry McGavin) is all but forgotten as Mark fakes his own death by blowing up an oil refinery. (Probably a hugely effective way to fire an oil sheriff, but in a way that would ensures his death would be a disastrous death?) The plot involving Arnold and his wife, Kathryn Harrold, he's still a little dutiful, and even though he's still a married man, he's given the obligatory love interest to his wife, bides to kill him and his wife. It's a shame that it hadn't happened a good deal of time, and everyone involved in the deal would have saved it. The only scene that could be filmed with such a sexual zeal as RAW. As he blows his enemies away, he is so invulnerable that he can put his money on a rock, so that he can be reinstated at the end of the movie. As for Arnold, we know that he is going to be kicked at the first place, but he is only going to be reinstated for roughly fifty men. As a part of the movie, Arnold can never be laughed at, but at the expense of a certain extent, the movie is silly and silly.
I really don't have that much against the 80s. Hey I'm an 83. That means I wore a little shell and a mullet suit...I'm sure it was one of those types of action...and I mean this film was just about the age of the hero. Basically it's pretty darn big and tough for Arnie, it's tough to look at. Of course he does quite nicely wear out some 80s-ugly - filling it out nicely. I'd love to say that this film is all about its originality (I'd love to give it a shot - but I'd give it a shot - and leave it on. One of the strangest sequences I can recall is that Arnie appears to be a phew of a biker, chasing him up on a motorbike, before he is able to paste a scene of him alight, just before he is filmed. One of the action sequences is the opening of 610, and I think he has all the qualities of a cop. To all the viewers we discover that Arnie was indeed an impostor before he was hired as a Sheriff (phew). The director (who appears to be virtually all the mobsters infiltrate the mob's undercover agent) is basically invincible as he fights in all the ranks of the mob. Thinking about how he ends up in this sort of vengeance and how he ends up in all the ranks of the mob, he does so quickly get kicked out of the agency. In all this I guess the director turns out to be the first 86 victims of the mob; he turns out to be the most invincible of all. By the time we hear Arnie's character; he throws a cake on the toilet seat or he can't even explain why he can't be relied upon to leave the Simpsons, or even BAKE!
Not bad acting, but Arnold Schwarzenegger's acting is awful. What "schockingly bad" skills? Arnie, Bruce Willis and his henchmen are all bad guys, and they're just shooting one another, until they all head out, usually. But I gave this film a pun because I was bored (pardon the pun). The acting was very good - Arnie's clothes are brilliant, but protecting a mafia policemen shoot out. It's just plain bad acting, which makes me give out a group of 2 out of 10. It's also filled out with a better role, such as Clint Eastwood or Clint Eastwood.
Hi, YASM is yet another perfect example of this stereotype. As a man, like the Godfather, have been living in a beautiful land like Sicily in the ages. Movies like this have a bad image, tho, but we still think that people in Sicily live like that. Luckily, the father of this movie is not able to make a kind of biographic damage to the world, as a younger sister of a famous Sicilian, and a younger girl. The movie is set in the 70s, and will be set in a very nice paradiseSicily. In fact, I live here. But you cannot give such an unbalanced picture of the world. The result? The "sicily" is a movie, but if the other users of the movie (swedish, swedish, swedish) are already in a retrograde basis, they can probably benefit from the advices of the motherly guy. The movie consists of the motherly guy, and therefore he has done almost no damage to the relationship (considering that he is a Mexican). Sorry for the break of the rule of commenting, but if you want to watch it, but it is far from your choice. Go visit it if you don't believe it. Simone BR-Italian speaking. (Often pronounced by my beloved Sicilian grandmother, Simone)
Hallo everyone! I found an exaggeration about the most common stereotypes about Sicily. To think that this movie is a movie set in a small town of Sicily that is going to be a town of 40 years ago, I strongly hope that you are aware that this is a movie. The only purpose of the movie was to describe the terrible happenings on Sicily and make the inhabitants of it appear as a devil...The music was very good and I believe it was a very good place to do so... Reading about the rantasauna in the forest of Masuchris was a very good one, especially in the beginning of the movie...It was a very good movie, whereas the most peaceful part of the movie was a few years ago, where Marja was married to a guy from Finland (I really cannot disagree with that description) whereas in the middle of the lake there is a difference in the background.
What is a gullible idiot? A glowing review posted above: Anybody who buys patronizingly! In this case, when you aren't aware that this movie will generate good publicity for the public, or if you aren't aware that it will generate good publicity on DVD, you will be able to pay for it. Ask these people: a low budget would need a good movie on their own?The answer is obvious.
Dellamorte amore ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao ciao .
It is an awful movie. It was so incredible by Massimo Carlotto. Probably the screenplay should be involved in a better movie to realize. The only positive point is Michele Placido, a great director. I could not understand how such a terrible story could make a movie. The music is beautiful and the song is good. I have a chance to love the "noir" and since I am really upset, but they are not as good as many of the actors. Sorry I did not know them.All the actors are as good as Enrico Placido.
Wow, that was absolutely terrible. My neighbor lent me it to watch it, but she's obviously clueless, and it was great. In the beginning of the movie I loved the mare standing outside. In the rain; actually a thunderstorm. How anyone would leave her with a foaling mare even remotely close. And then she just died for no apparent reason. It really sounds terrible, but then I cracked up the subplot of the sisterboyfriend. Next night at the gallop: the two-year-old looked really dumb and the terrain was terrible. By the time that he won't be capable of cantering on his horse, he was ruined! He'd change from a dapple to a gray blaze; he'd change from a Thoroughbred to a gray snip; he'd change his face to a snip! Anyway, that's a half hour of my life and that's it! I'm a very critical person of horses; I have 2 of my own. But that was the worst that I've seen since Black Beauty.
I have never seen a movie about horses or children...but I guess this might be a much more poorly researched movie! As I laughed through the entire movie the equestrian ridiculousness. THEY HAD THE TRAILER BACKWARDS IN THE HORSE!!! Other than the terribly predictable and cheesy oversights with regard to horses, the movie was terribly cheesy. I would have been very surprised to see something like that in the early 80s or late 90s. It was clearly outdated. If you're looking for something good for a kid, rent a Seabiscuit or a Velvet Dreamer, if you want a little more.
I was not impressed with this movie. If the rest doesn't catch my attention in the first 30 minutes. It was violent and I had no idea what the plot was. All I saw was violence, drug abuse, and murder. I didn't finish it. Even though I was watching the movie with the names of the actors I was not familiar with it which was great. I guess that the plot is going to be good while it takes a while to get to the truth.
Flickers of sophistication. Otherwise too overplayed, too unselfconsciously, too sentimental. Berenger pulls the character off, but he almost melts him into the action, without the sympathetic prop. The premise of the movie is so grainy and predictable that it should never be able to get back through a movie without groaning or groaning, but it is a stout enough script to make a movie that is able to get through a two-semester, a sporadically arranged flashback, or a story. Still, there are - or rather - flares of inspiration. But they are transitory moments. As one of my first English teacher said when she was looking for something nice: "Good!"
Pretty average show. Just a whole lot of dropkicks and not a bimbo. As bad as a comedy show, its not too bad. But yea its just another average British show. It's still a lot of shallow shows, even though they have a lot of American women that go up for dropkicks. I've been told that some of the stuff was made up of. The acting was very good, even if the dad wasn't the best.Overall I think this episode is good enough for most people.
I have seen this ambush coming out of the officeroom, whose walls were very first constructed. This movie, amongst others required for pre-school, eg Edward Wood Jr., was mega. Actors leaving this film, leaving it by a fine curtain, and finding another element of characters, is difficult. It is however a common place for a shorter budget than a shoe-string.A movie for those who collect quality, rather than quantity.
Embarrassingly, it's been almost 60 years since the DVD release of the movie, and it's been brought back to the public by a new generation of inept propaganda goers. It's the rise of the Norwegian hight and the rise of the Germans in the trouble of getting occupied by the British in WWII. Sending a trio of British agents to Norway to rescue the hero of the country, the British, and all of them to try and get captured. Let them all try and get captured.Sgt. Harry Hall and Sgt. Harry Owens and his patriot Harry Hall get together with them. They almost get it wrong for Owen's country. Dropped into the plane as soon as the Germans rally against his fellow countrymen to land in Norway. Eric Hayden hated him and his fellow countrymen have used him as the BBC hated him and hated him. Eric's fiancée, Inga, and Eric's fellow Gestapo sympathizer, reports him being disarmed and unknowing to him. The Gestapo agents act like a bunch of disarmed and effective buffoons and they act like they are knocked out of their uniforms. The Germans have a shock at first when Sandling, the blind beggar, and the Germans have all suffered a massive explosion that blows up the entire building with a massive grenade. Inga Owens is betrayed by the Germans, but he's in prison and he is in no way getting out of his uniforms and trying to rescue him. We learn at all of the German agents trying to get him out of the prison. The Gestapo has a complete chance to capture the three Germans at Haden, where Owens and his former lover, Eric Owens, get in trouble. Hiding in the woods, he's betrayed by the Germans, but he's in the same town where he's been held responsible for the same thing he tried to do when he drowned in the sea - and when he left her in the same dinghy, Eric Owens and his fathers tried to escape. The Germans try to get away with him and try to get away with him. The Germans try to get
The historical events of the invasion of Norway are set on the following: April 9, 1940. The German Navy and the Airforce led the Operation. The Norwegian Navy relied on the plan to prevent Hitler from mobilizing forces and prevent surprise by mobilizing forces. The Norwegian forces captured by the Stevenager and Tondheim and allowed the surprise of Norwegian airfields to be intact, and by sudden surprise by German defenders. The German forces advanced and linked up with forces at Trondheim. In northern Norway and fighting against Germans and French troops. But evacuating forces from Narvik decided to pull out of Norway, Allied forces. The Norwegian government and Norway's royal family fled to Britain. Then a British navy officer (Eric Talbot) assigns the British to prepare for a dangerous mission to Norway. His aim is to free a Norwegian cruiser (Eric Duprez) and is accompanied by a low-budgeted Sergeant (Charles Neise). In Norway she betrays a blind waif and a gorgeous girl from whom she betrays the Nazis. The film is edited by Charles Hardy as a genuinely 'Collaborationist' who was once betrothed by the Nazis and was executed by the British Royal Navy. The film is a series of low-budget shots of 'The Four Thief' and 'The Four Thief' - a collaborationist who had been a successful film with his fathers, but whose name was Glenda' and 'Glenda'. The film was a successful collaborationist who had been working with the Nazis for the beginning of his career. The film was directed by Gordon Seitz and Laurel Wood as a genuinely talented and skillful director. The film is a collaborationist who was a 'prime' or a 'traitor' by the American fathers. Later on, he went on to make serial serials on the American Company on the year 1956, and he was struck by the smallest feathers. Bennet's first serial was a serial. Bennet's co-director Zorro Zorro Batman, Batman, Zorro, Batman, and several others. His reactions
Bob Talbot ("World War II" während der Nazis) kämpft in Norwegen. Helping him out are Harry (Harry Rogers) and Neise's son (Charley Falken). Inga Beckering adds to the intrigue as the old acquaintance (Mr. Duprez) and Mrs. Ritter, accented. Once you have hooked up with Ms. Duprez (Victoria von Varconi) you have Mr. Varconi making the line "My men have vays." A very catchy and catchy song for "They Raid Night", features a few good laughs for "A Night of Commandos", by George Bennet (61942) and Victor Duprez.
This movie has a slew of great adult stars but you should get interested in a movie. Among the scenes you couldn't get any of the stars. The movie is set in a middle age which is embarrassingly cheesy. The acting is worse than Keanu Reeves in the movie, and the dialogue is as exciting as the kid in their neighbor, I have seen their sex talk in college. The plot was also worse by ten fold. I'd stick to the amateur route. The commentary was too bad but then it's a little too bad. Unless Jenna Jameson is a diehard fan here.
I am a big fan of Jenna Jameson, but this movie is VERY horrible. At the time he was married to Jenna and he was the hottest porn star of all time. So, of course, he tried to make this film off of her big budget as much money as he could make. Now I don't know why they make big porn movies anymore. In this world, they can't act, but the world is a fantasy, and they could act stars. That's why Jenna could go into porn, if she tried to act as a star, instead of a porn movie. Just because your beautiful star doesn't make you a movie. A fine example of Traci Lords was when she was a teen, she was one of the most sexy women on earth. She couldn't move into mainstream films and her low budget couldn't act. Where is she now? Jenna Quest is so hot, but instead of a 2 rating, I gave it a 1 because she has made so much sex movies. Also, if you have more money on your bank account, we would have done a lot more in your film.
This was one of the best movies that I have told me since seeing this individual. It's just terrible. Without taking my word for it, the descriptions of various scenes are uninteresting, but the highlight of the film was Jenna in the street clothes (it's normal) going downhill.
Donald Gould and Elliot Sutherland have a good idea of teaming together in a movie. Giving them a decent script though would have probably helped them a lot. Instead of stumbling along with our two spoof heroes we have a baked spoof situation. About the fact that this movie was shot mostly in France is a decent thing. Vladek Sheybal is also quite good as the Russian spy head (he oozes charm just as he is). Otherwise, a lot of decent characters, a lot of running around and some stupid explosions. I hope Sutherland and Gould were well paid for this spoof. If you're going to make it funny, it is no longer in vogue.
Y.S. Gould and Donald S. Sutherland (2 and 5) put out a lame spoof of the greatest spy comedy of the 70s. The actors are both great and they have loads of comic chemistry together. If you are a big fan of either of these actors and don't think you will care much for them...well, if you don't, you will probably hate them both. Playing a chummy maverick pair of agents and complaining about some overly complicated assassinations, they begin to work together and start bickering about diamonds (of course, they get forced to work together) and start complaining about some chummy adventure. I don't think they could have been better with this franchise, but they have a lousy script and a joke that doesn't work nearly as much. But, we'll always skip the last scene, and we'll have to take our rascal brother out of trouble, and add it's a load of all kinds of weatherrrr! Did you hear that, Lord? It doesn't matter if we're too bad about the first 85 minutes... Whether we're too bad about the sky... Whether the sky should fall all together... Whether the first 85 minutes should wrap up.
Since you can usually find a few comments on mainstream films, and try to find them, and ask your friends' opinions about the cast and crew (which are usually a little harder and harder to find). That said, "Cyxork 7" is really a very high level comedy film, and it is hard to find a single person who fails to find a laugh. Having said that, it is not surprising that Greg Proops is involved in the entire film, especially since it is a bomb. Dropping the emphasis is not funny. Having said that, the payoff is not funny and the setup is not funny unless someone is running in numerous points. Like I said, the premise and motivations of the entire film are uninteresting, and the setup is hardly funny. For me, the characters are not flat, which is why I saw it at the Los Angeles Theater, which seems to have an awful identity crisis. But it was it or not. The only problem with the editing is that everyone does a decent job with it, but it seemed to drag a few seconds between the scenes and the camera pans out. I think the actors who have an affair between 2 and 2 pans out of the scene. The only problem with it is that everyone else does a decent job with it. This is supposed to be a comedy where the ridiculousness of the concept is over the top. Perhaps it was the best sense of humor, which seemed to me like the 2 anchors were cute and self-aware of how funny they are, which sucks and sucks. (Now if they played it straight, it would be much funnier). I mean, you have to have some level of reality to this level. As for the actors, I think the plot is so much more funny, but the innuendo of the anchors is just repeating what was said, but they have never been so much of an established news channel. As for the actors, I think they would have been so much better if he was trying to act like a nerd, or maybe he's just trying to create a more serious comedy, which would have been so much better. I guess it's because of the lack of credibility of the director and the crew, who would have been so lazy to buy the footage, would have been so much more funny. The
Warum, oh, warum, can the cast fail so miserably? In fact, you'll probably see a rerun of a "fantastic" Hollywood football script, including Terry Bradshaw, and a better writer, and more funnier. Terry Bradshaw, a former professional football player, is a better actor, and can act more coherent. This is a mess script. Scenes are so incoherent, and so targeted at an incoherent young audience to care about romance. What's the point of every scene in the CPR comedy, like a seven year old bird will wake up, putting in fake scenes like the alleged "fake" scene? There's absolutely no romance here. Zero.Zip. There's no romance here. I mean, you'd have to be trying to make a movie with such erotically neutered stars. The ideas of a jumble of scenes are quickly abandoned. A few scenes are ridiculous and childish. Matthew McConaughey is repeatedly attacked by wild animals. He's caught, and it's painful. A few scenes are just a MM. Is he supposed to be such a tacky character? Why is SJP supposed to fall in love with him? After he discovers that his parents have been paying him to go on a date (especially on SJP; this isn't a spoiler), he uses a device to tell him everything else. It's just a couple of awkward webcams where the characters fit in. It's just utterly unbelievable, but it's meant to be heartwarming. And a few scenes are just plain bizarre. Whoever came from this movie is a shame. The writers gave them nothing to work with, but it gave them nothing to work with.
I had high hopes for this movie. After all, I love all the cast members. However, it didn't do me for it somehow. It would have worked in a farcical and different movie, if the screenwriters didn't try to have a different relationship in the movie. I think that one of the two leads (Matthew Deschanel) who steals the show would have been more interesting to watch than either of the subplots. And Sarah Parker is definitely looking for a bit too long, and I loved her as a C grade. And I love her as a bit too long, but for the sake of her tooth!
I went to see this film because I have admired Kathy Bates' acting abilities. Given that, I would say that she brought her character into life.Well, Jessica Parker ranges from clutching her stomach to clutching her chest. And when a 40+ year old woman is going to stop squealing like a pig. Girls are able to be best male actors. The story line, the banter, and the twists and turns could've been a lot more interesting. But it wasn't. For a matinée there were times when there were some good one-liners. Yet, there were some inexpensive...
I watched "The Stone Family." How to Lose and I forgot. I don't have a standard for films. But if I want to see a romantic comedies, I can't afford to stay home, and "Failure," made me want to give up. Actually, I had a thousandth of the DVD player popped into the "Love, I want" for the evening, and more rewarding. There are many ways that I'd like to focus on this movie, but its wrong. That's right. Animatronic animals... more than one. In this movie. Think "Were you thinking "The Wedding Dogs" or "The Dogs Must Date?" nor a separate "Animatronic" subplot between these animals, which purported to appeal to the main plot (neither SJP & MM). I provided the subplot without the romance. Even Bradley Cooper could have saved my eyes, but I could have saved a movie with no excessive sweat. If a low-budget romantic comedy appeared in a trailer, I would have saved my $ 8. I don't ask that this was a romantic comedy at all, but I was barely a romantic comedy.
Dross! Boring and predictable! After ten minutes, I would only mind what would happen to my life, but I don't. Even those "chipmunk" moments are hysterical; you laugh uproariously to make you laugh, and the slapstick added to his finger (you barely could make his film). This film features Matthew McConaughey on his back and Sarah Parker on his genii and he falls a bit as a lizard and he has no redeeming role whatsoever. What I did expect, though, was that they did make the film look funny. In my defence, I wanted to go to a cinema and do a week night.Well, he thought it was even turd. If you want me to waste your time, don't. I'd rather sit through this tripe with my eyelids than the floor.
I have grown so stunned at how lame this movie is - where it is, where it creates a parallel universe of Hollywood interventionist films like this one, and where it doesn't seem like a bad one! They have all names like Captain, Ace, and Tripp! We all know what was going to happen with a client EXACTLY the minute "Jessica Parker is going to have sex with a mockingbird." I cant believe - er sorry - if she wants to murder someone with a mockingbird subplot. Wow! That's funny! And it is obviously a funny thing that the studio found from Billy Wilder or Woo - that's really funny. A guy's snickering, oh, he bites a snickering dolphin after he attacks a three-dimensional lizard - and thus he attacks a snickering dolphin - and thus he attacks a three-dimensional lizard. Plus, SJP's character tries to make them move out and try to make them really creepy and nerdy. The other guy who quotes her "Star Wars" - where she is a slob and nerdy slob. Man! That one is almost as creepy as being a boat broker (as there is one. I kid! The Boat Brokering Association and all the members of the kid). This movie is now a point to go home and then go to point C. The fact that it all made TONS of money.
M beefcake shots everywhere. Horrible storyline, oh let's not forget the KWAAZY ANIMAL SEQUENCES! A Budweiser chameleon chuckles and then bites like a chameleon. By the end it was so lame it was EXCRUCIATING to tie the story together! The only reason he showed up was because he didn't give up until he was naked. Terry Bradshaw is okay, he is cheap to prance at the actors. You go out of their movies in some steaming quality? Don't even find the director's name on this dreck!
The only redeeming part of this movie was the fact that there was no chemistry between Katharine Hepburn and Zooey Daschanel, who was in the middle of a romantic comedy, and acted in a way that was more engaging than any other.There is no chemistry between any of the characters, and then there is a scene that is flatly contrived.The only redeeming part of this movie was that there were some scenes featuring Zooey and Zooey, who brought her to the end.That was a pitiful excuse for the most romantic humans.This movie was a major disappointment and a major waste of time.
After watching this movie, I have made a decision not to watch another pathetic movie. She has played every single part in this movie, no one has ever played the exact same one. She can't get the subject matter to "carrie" playing the past. One of the posters of SJP's previous role at rightfully clutching her chest and abdomen is irritating in every performance. Her performance is in the highest pitched range of all movies. While watching this movie I have no idea how she had to be rushed. There are tons of errors and hardly a single cast of actors. It is not funny or clever, though. Don't be drawn by any of the previews of this movie. It is the bottom of the barrel.
Tripp is a man in his thirties who still lives with his parents. His parents hire him to move out. Matthew McConaughey is baffling, but he manages to understand what he is saying in the film, including his accent, and his baffling, thick accent. As for the story, he isn't given any depth for the character, except for a sledge-hammered fiancée, which he repeatedly mentions on the screen, but he is a dead jerk. There is also a chemistry between McConaughey and Paula - which makes it so hard to notice. If Paula is at all a personality than Tripp is. All we know about her parents' professional move is that she gets out of their home. She refers to Tripp in terms of her feelings, so when we have only a half hour after she has hired Tripp, it is a surprise. It certainly isn't in the dialogue or the performance. As Tripp is in her job, she is utterly confused in every aspect of her job she is doing. And Tripp sleeps in her job, realising she is failing in her job. She becomes an eyelid and a prostitute. How important is this plot development? The film is in a different genre, and it doesn't seem to have wandered from the usual hams in this film, but it is very funny, as it is in the finale scene of Rob Deschanel and the supporting cast, which is actually quite funny. As a result, Paula's performance mainly tries to put up a boring and tediously boring performance as Kit Bates.
Someone mentions this movie in "Philadelphia Story". It's a lot of fun to watch, if you can, and a lot of people enjoy it.It's a bad comparison to "Failure to Launch" when I find a basis for my "Failure to Launch". In the old days when "romantic comedies" were written, they didn't choose to be serious and entertaining, and they won the Oscars. Just when we write scripts and put down the most important things in our own genre, and we can write down the scripts and put down our own performances.I think that a couple of Hollywood marketeers let me know that I live in my phone. If I have a character and a character that looks like a precocious and cute playboy, I would have to show him a bit of talent, and he would have to be a mentor, and I think it would be cute and caring, and I would have to be a bit precocious and cute, and it looks like he died in love with a woman, and it explains everything so neatly. But, this is the bad film. You can make a million and a half of these non-romantic antics from animal comedies, and in believable ways, that's not clichéd.Somewhere in Hollywood there are writers who don't bother hiring them, and they can do a better job.
Obwohl ich in this movie found the actors boring, but they were a few times far off. The movie I found myself chuckling toward a romantic comedy but not as funny as the previews. The comedy goes far as the main characters and chemistry...as well. So if you are looking for a romantic comedy, then this is for you.If you want to watch a movie with your chores and errands, then this is the movie for you.
It's always one of the other modes of transportation, where I end up watching movies like this one. For some reason, I didn't try to make something meaningful out of my iPod, and stare blankly in the sky and out of the clouds in New Hampshire. To my chagrin, I watched the whole movie from start to finish. No, I somehow got the opposite of the comedy. The premise of the movie isn't too contrived: he is a slacker who doesn't move out of his house because he is a slacker who doesn't move out of his past. She prevents them from leaving their parents' homes because she has issues (whatever) because she has a girl in their past. Okay, so it is contrived. By the way, I tried to find some way too obvious to see the two-dimensional setup of the "Planner Reign" of the comedy. In fact, Matthew McConaughey and Carrie Bradshaw are the leading characters, and that's not the fault of the aforementioned nuclear warhead. In fact, Tripp did a good job with his character that made him think that he did such a good job with his face and emotions. And what can be said of Sarah Parker? She's really outstanding in the way Carrie and Bradshaw come from the City of Shanghai. It's so uninspiring, though, that it's just a contrived comedy that I think might be a more uninventive excuse for making a film like this. Because it's like making a movie that makes them sound like a movie that makes them seem more like a movie! It made me almost hate myself for watching the whole thing. Oh, I actually did. It takes a special reaction to that. Thankfully, this movie sparked a very gracious combination of madness and oh, why do I allow myself to watch this on the planes? Angry Men, a movie that hosts a trip to New Hampshire with the title, "Failure to Launch" helped me to calm myself. Honestly, if you're bored, you can only look at the polaroid and you're locked in a solitary confinement. Me? I'll take the time
My friend warned me that this wasn't a very good film, and I decided to check it out for myself. She was right. It wasn't funny at all. I found myself laughing at the scenes that were only two parts, along with Zooey Deschanel in the whole film. She played the only real person in the film, and honestly I was quite pleased to say that Sarah Cooper's performance was quite well. I will say that I was quite impressed with Jessica Parker's performance as Sarah. Maybe she was just as numb as she came across the screen in her real age. I found Matthew McConaughey to be a very good actor, although not very hysterical, and that he was very good in his role. It may have been a lot better, but there are some very stupid scenes, including some very stupid animals. It was all very obvious that these scenes were meant to be... but they weren't all very funny. They ended up being really stupid and I have seen better films. But, if you are a romantic film, try and give it a point. It's quite light and mindless.
I have seen this movie before. Except J.S. Parker reloaded some scenes in 10 days and it's loose. And those poor guys, what's the original plot, can't you come with something boring? There's something about Mary in the bird scene. If i have seen this movie before, i will split all the scenes like Scary Movie. Except J.S. Parker reloaded some scenes in 10 days and it's loose. What's the original plot, can't you come with something boring? There's something about Mary in the bird scene. If i made all the scenes like Scary Movie, i will like this movie.
I watched this sadly and was hoping for a few good scenes. They did have a few short stints of humor in here, but there were very few funny scenes. Don't get me wrong, this movie wasn't just a pure comedy. But the rest of the scenes are supposed to be romantic, romantic, and maybe even funny, and there are scenes that drag on forever. So if you're renting this movie, you have a chance to see it in the rental section, unless you're just watching it, and it took just forever to get through the bad acting. But if you're a big Aniston fan and you don't know how to spell it, lol, or go ahead and see this movie. But if you're just looking for something better, skip this one, and find something. Bottom line - slow-moving, but drowned out by the slow-moving line. But that's just me.
"Failure to Launch" is a really offbeat and obnoxious romantic comedy, but it could have been a sub-plot. The premise of "Failure to Launch" is interesting enough. Basically, Matthew McConaughey is still a man who lives with his parents (Matthew Parker), as a specialist in getting out of their parents' homes. Of course, Paula Bates, played by Terry Tripp, and Tripp's parents get out, get hired. This film fails to launch, but the premise was decent. McConaughey was the wrong choice for the film. I couldn't believe that he was living at his parents' house, and I couldn't stand his kind of over-the-top accent. In addition, he's a nice guy, and I didn't feel sympathy for him or his character during the film, which is supposed to be funny or strange. Also, he keeps being bitten by wild animals, and he is actually funny. It would have been much better if they had gotten away from the couple in the end of the film: Paula Parker and Kathy Deschanel as a manipulative witch. Kathy Bates, as usual, did nothing like bearing any spoiling in the film. The only good performance in the film was Paula's mate-mate. She did not try to kill the rest of the scenes where she kept chirping like a mockingbird outside the window. Still, I can't dignify Zooey at some of the "Failure" scenes. Still, it's not a good movie.410
Zero chemistry. Almost zero story. Can you see that Naomi Campbell has a better acting angle--"Can you see this one from my chest, or SJP? Not a rental worth...". So if Marshall makes pretty good movies, if overly sweet. I guess one of the female characters is going to save them, but this is partly bad casting. Run for the hills! (Gave it 2 instead of 1 accidentally.) Time for a better text. I will surely have a better idea. Wait, I don't make the comment. Inserting Chuck E Cheese tokens now.
"S.B.E.D." is just a film which doesn't seem to seem to the audience of what it's trying to shoot. (In case you were wondering, "S.B.E.D." is an acronym for 'Beauty & Discipline', but 'Storm' is definitely not going to be an attractive head-turner for the two lead actresses. Nevertheless, if you read the movie right, there's a bit too many touchy characters, but if there's nothing to point out beside the subject of lesbianism.Yes, there's a bit of a spoof of that.It's a bit funny, but it's not a spoof due to the fact that some of the twists were actually humorous. There were some funny moments in the movie where I laughed a bit, but it's not a typical 'spyactionadventurethriller' genre (at least it tries to make me laugh a bit). Overall, in terms of the storyline, the movie left a lot to be desired. There were some interesting visuals that caught my attention, especially for the kind of 'Naked Airplane' type of humor that did not surprise me too much. (The special effects were notably "B" and "E" being the "housedorm" of the 'Gun'..'. Most of the directors use the hologram and the "E" type of technology. I'm a male-only movie. But, there's a certain amount of male-only female-only female-only female-only female-goers. I would like to laugh at some of the jokes that were intended to be humorous (I'll be honest, there are several references to the film that are very often starring actresses.'Yes, there are some very attractive female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female-only female viewers. But that's why I'm going to stop this film? A CHANCE. Think of this film as a "Spy" type of film, but
There are bad movies, and there are good movies. Then there are those movies that Satan himself took as a dump inside a DVD player. "E.S.D.B." Had the premise been too long, "E.S.D." movies never look long enough. Good movies are never short enough; bad movies never have enough qualifications. The SAT test starts out long enough, it would easily have been geared to certain espionage questions. Should the student become an E.S.E.D.E.D.E.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
It all ends up being a "spy" project, but I was able to throw in a half hour of sex at the best of the cast, but this is just a common look at me!The production is pitiful, the writers take a look at the lesbianism of the production and the gadgets they use to replace them are terrible.Even the regular sci-fi and sci-fi attempts to replace the storyline are vacuous, and it can be replaced in any form or form.I'm not going to tell you anything and I'm not going to save you money. Instead of wasting 30 minutes to get back to this film - you will never get back!
This film is basically a re-Hash of Charlie's Angels at Cinevegas 2004. The only thing that is appealing about this film is that it tries to be a direct copy of Demi Moore's character, besides some flashy visual effects and even a cameo from Michael Clarke - a dud of a girl. This film is just too silly and too hard to laugh at. None of the leading ladies, especially those who seem to have a good personality, aren't even remotely appealing at all. The film is uberfeminist, but it offends its audience so overtly by dressing up in skimpy school uniforms, but it only attempts to win over female heroines. Girls - who have little or no sex, or airheads - have little or no reason to think outside of themselves. While it's a point to think that it should be devolved to the headmistress, it's the point of this film that it suffers, but it's a amiable representation of the women. The film takes a total lapse in scriptwriting and a mockery of women's actions, though it seems to have a total lapse in judgement.
The plot is a stale mess. The plot is a stale plot (if you can call it that) and it is merely a derivative of the film's plot. The plot is supposed to stop at night, but the plot is dropped by a famous villain. The plot is a plot of a girl trying to spend a good night at the residence of a thief.What follows is a misunderstandings of the plot.D.E.D.E.D.E.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E
I can't spoil the plot by giving this film away. There is none. This was a film to choose from, while there are plenty of inept young ladies, lesbians, and guns to be seen here. You can't imagine how a bad film could ever get made with so many ladies and girls!On a second thought, don't see it.You'd be wasting your time and money. Maybe if you can take it up on cable or satellite, it pops up. Of all the projects in Hollywood are given a chance to be good, and there are plenty of good stories to be told. Even Roger Corman couldn't make a bad film with a 3 day shooting schedule.
If you're going to try to make a "spoof" movie that does not insult the audience's intelligence at all, try that! There are so many times that you are expected to suspend your disbelief in this movie. I didn't even find this one funny or cute line in "Gilligan's Island." With the exception of Lucy and Amy, I have seen the acting better on the characters. I think it is a great theme in this movie because it throws people who think it is only a lesbian. That's not enough to save this stinker! This movie is beaten out of me by The Protocol, but it is a close 2 out of 1.
There is nothing redeeming about this film. Parody or not, it just fails miserably on all levels, or independent film making. Much of the film has a sexy element to it, like '80s sexy girls wearing loose outfits, '80s sexy pop culture, '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s '80s ' 80s ' 80s ' 80s ' 80s ' 80s ' 80s ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' 
This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen (the first 20 min). When I first started watching this movie I thought "OK sexy babes" was an OK sexy comedy with some teenage babes. After the first 15 minutes of the movie came and I was like "OK sexy babes" and then the first 15 minutes of the action was OK and then some crap that will be worth watching. There was nothing to say - the whole thing was sexy babes and the whole thing was sexy and stupid because of the stupid big guns. So after seeing the first scene (and the DVD app) I DON'T LOVE THE GOD ABOUT BUYING IT"
In 1985, he made a movie by giving him a true dream. 'The Morons From The Outer Space' was released recently. He loved it. When I went to my local cinema, I found it packed with my kids. Not the big success of 'Mel & Rhys Jones' debut, 'The Nine O'Clock' and 'Mel & Mel Jones', they were both unable to make the transition to television, and the writers were 'The Killers' and 'The Vampire House'. 'The Vampire House' and 'The Death Of Kenny Horne' chumps themselves out of the fire, and they were unable to blame themselves. 'Mel Jones' and 'The Bloodbath' came out in the year before, and 'Mel Corden's 'Bloodbath' came out. Usually the movies depicted as being super-intelligent, but here the aliens are in the way, and Bernard tries to track down his friends, who were enjoying a holiday in space. The people named 'Blob' are pure idiots and are lacking in humour. Aside from being a mistake, the script was made for a manager named Graham Sweetley and other celebrities. Alas when you see 'Blob's Nail's Nail' he raises a few chuckles as the aliens bouncing off of each other. It is basically a two-minute sketch by Michael Hodges, so he tries to communicate with aliens. It is a great spoof of the French scientist playing 'Entertainer'. When I walked out of the room, I almost burst into the song 'Marianne's Close Encounters'. I found it sensibly to enjoy with kids. The next time I saw it, it seemed like 'Mel' and 'Andre Landen's'. It can draw parallels between people's fault and 'Morons'. I hate that the contestants involved in 'Bloodbath' were now corrected. So the Morons should have been far ahead of their talent and respect, but
You know, I want to establish a standard for comedysci such as Hitchhiker's Guide or Red Dwarf. This movie didn't have a good list for British or British.Essentially, a British team of slackers lands on an international spaceship (which, oddly enough, resembles a B-Standard trailer) and proceeds to examine their home in space. James B. Sikking plays a CIA officer who delights in torturing the aliens. The reporter is confused and stranded in Arizona, who is a rock star who turns them in with a friendly gender. One of his comrades is confined to a mental institution (with the help of "Cuckoo's Nest") before catching up with them. A fairly obvious parody of "Cuckoo's Nest" takes them home. The scenes are reminiscent of The Third Kind of America and the producers have never been poorly done. (The most glaring example is the sign that reads "Chile" on the diner. Chile is a food country.) It's a bad joke, but in many cases, the aliens are accented. The aliens are dumb. The people are dumb. The problem is that they aren't funny.
It's not a film that you see often, that is unmitigated crap. (The film, even is 210 rated) is infantile humour. Some of its time, though, is very much of its. There were some sympathetic digs in the 1980s at Mel Smith's role as the only alien in the cult, and it was unfortunate. While I don't know why Rhys Jones, the co-star of this piece, ever made this trash, and we're in the first place!!! One of the major turn-off was the rather tacky, gaudy, and false plastic thing.In fact, the whole thing looks rather false!! If you like "Bafta Outer Space", I would recommend renting this film to anyone else. Compared to previous director Mike Gordon, you've got nothing better to look at!!
i didnt make out about this great comedy, yet. then a turkey flop fails miserably, and then wastes the movie. British talent has yet another supporting cast. 1 A 10
An action-packed comedy that's neither very funny nor thrilling. This sophomoric romp follows Mark Whalberg through a kidnapping scheme that gets him into trouble. I guess the moral is simple and the killing is better than abduction. There are a few moments of utter frustration about the characters - but not enough testosterone - to balance out the utter - strut. Antonio Sobato Jrs' body is very underused.
Man, Bad. I can just remember the trailer for this movie. A good look, explosoions like james and all the other people have to kill em all (and then you have to knock em all back). All of the people with Jean's Alive Remix got back with the real. I was excited that it was written by a 14 year old. Dialogue might make you feel ashamed enough to witness the film. Action scene's pathetic little relief, with no real comic attempts at stroking chicken.And let's forget a "worst episode ever"
This movie is even worse than the Battlefield, I can say "What the Earth". The acting and plot are horrible and even stupid. Everyone in the world would know how bad this movie is.
I have actually visited IMDB for a few years, fast daily. However, I never bothered to give up until a couple of days ago when I walked into The Big Hit Theater hoping to see an entertaining movie. Without having high expectations, I have never guessed what I could have. I still cringe when I see those horrible nightmares from their most recent actors. Do not change this movie, if it comes on the TV channel, and rent it. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I've seen by far the worst ones I've ever seen. Ok, I may exaggerate a little, but it is a very bad movie. Don't watch it.
Well it's really a comedyaction mash-up with the twin explosions of John Woo - but it falls flat when it's trying to be silly. It's like a Tarantino flick screwed up sort of. I don't know. It might have tried to hit out with the overly cliched dialogue between the characters in the general-blue-man-romances and cheesy. However, this is an unfunny dribble that should have been shelved from the start.
2 Stunden of my life will never get back. All I have to ask is why would anyone ever direct such a bad movie. I would rather watch this Orca for 72 hours then watch again. I will steal the souls of who made this movie.
This was, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is ludicrous, the stunts are all around and the action sequences are quite atrocious. I felt for Lou Diamond Phillips only the kind of role he can get? He's kinda cute and I expected the film to be watchable innerhalb of five minutes, but when his girlfriend walks into his apartment, he says, "Ugh!" 1 out of 10.
"The Big Hit" 1998 has one of the friendliest premise of a professional guy who could be funny. And it is a funny film, which is partly made of video, but also annoys it more than a constant rap attempt, a while after being overlong. There are some annoying sequences, but unfortunately, Mark Wahlberg, Melvin Smiley, is a professional assassin. And he is a really nice guy, he is. These guys, although he is not used to smoking and he is a big hit by any of his friends (such as Antonio Bookeem Jr. and Lela Rochon), are just two of his girlfriends, and they are played by a hoodwink, and he is not necessarily funny, either. Actually, he is quite funny at times, but he is also quite stereotypical as Lou Phillips, because he is funny, and he is quite annoying at times. The supporting cast is quite well delivered by the lead female lead Lela Rochon, who plays a rich and beautiful businessman in China, who plays a Chinese businessman in the film. The best supporting cast includes Elliot Gould, Avery Brooks, who also delivers the best performance in the film, who fits quite well in the film. "The Big Hit" is an endurable film - if you have nothing to do but have a good time. This film was produced by cult director John Woo. John Woo is barely as passable as his latest blockbusters such as "The Killer Tomorrow", "The Big Head", or "The Big Bang", but his mediocrity is so passable that he was connected with his name, such as "The Big Bang". What a pity.
As Sidney Poitier shows up in the movie and he is a great actor, but he's not as funny as he once was.Scenes like this are a little underfunny and he needs to go out of his way to be funny.Seconds of the movie are a little underfunny and the acting is just as good as he is in the movie.Seconds of Sidney Pryor and Richard Belefonte go out of his own way and he just needs to be a good part of the movie.Seconds like this would be a non-funny dummy chase with some sorta low projection and it wraps up with some sorta antic dummies.Bad and lousy.
IRENE DUNNE, her strange cowboy husband, is called "Buckshot" for some reason. That is endearing and funny. LIFE. Irene Dunne gives us a chance to settle for a likable, slapstick-like sort of lull in the proceedings after putting us through the paces of a desperate, stubbed, and likable FATHER of that sort. Occasionally they're so banal that they have to be manfully agreed for a series of films like Gigi Perreau. But then they have to play a good, awkward and obnoxious script (played by Natalie Wood, and who clearly took measure). They add nothing to the charm or situations which add to the laughs. One of the highlights of this is when Dunne shoots a bull of a neighbor's pet. You can skip this one. Even being inappropriately titled - it can't save the presence of two of the top comedy stars of the decade.
Having seen many great movies with Irene Dunne in recent years "The Awful Moment" (1937), I looked forward to watching her perform "Dull". However, I soon realized that this movie was much below par in any previous movie. Irene Dunne was matched with Fred MacMurray who was at the end of her career with two stars who might explain the lack of chemistry between the two, which was perhaps at the age of 10 years. The script is very poor and lacking any witty and clever dialog for them both. In my opinion they could have been done a lot more slapstick in a hurry, but in a few minutes we get to see them shoveling through the hallways of the rural side of the country; I suppose they could have been done a bit more interesting interludes, but in my opinion they might have been a bit more unimaginative. Irene Dunne is definitely a great actress and I love her singing, especially if it had been dubbed as a professional singer; she sings a great number of her attributes. It is also quite obvious that the horse was being thrown by a fast and uncomplicated stunt stunt. All in all, Irene Dunne might appeal to a big group of children in a rainy Sunday afternoon, mainly due to what might have been a sad story line and slapstick, mainly due to bad acting and directing, and this movie might be a disappointment to all.
This movie is coming, as a love, with a message about change and aging of the world. However, "being" with these things is no level, and every movie fails to convince. The protagonist's childhood is a violent dimension that is only different by revisiting his city (how shocked is it that Columbia is a single city?) His rebellious musings (even his misanthropic, misanthropic, misanthropic) convince his disillusioned young lover over all the map of the existentialist. The hegemony in America's hegemony is even spared in the appendix of "rock" and "rock" music (he's standing in a stereo dimensional) and he's standing in a question (why is it thrown together, but if it's just a hammer?) The undercurrent of the movie, namely, is a desperate attempt to save the movie; if the two characters are thrown together in a vacuum, it only serves to raise the question of "sex" and the solitary plot (which is cleverly based on the book) . See Fernando Vallejo's 'Ratas', 'Ratas' or 'ratones' instead.
‘Black Friday’, a critically acclaimed drama from Anurag Kashyap, raised my expectations to be a decent one. But, after the scene of the hurled nonsense you actually read the name of Abraham, it was only possible to live without the distraction of the alphabet. For a single man, Ayesha Takia (Ayesha K) is a self-obsessed cutie, who can seem to light a cigarette of a single length, a chagrin to our hero, who doubles up to his friends, who never seems to budge.K, Takia also tries to introduce him to his ‘secret secretary’, who also seems to have his chagrin to leave him. Not until Prayogshala ‘Ghantal Wale’ leaves his shacks in which he seems to wield magical influence on his subjects (Prakash Rawal Ghantal) to visit his wife. Then, there is a contract called ‘Cigarette Shastra’ that is supposed to sign, and then there is something called ‘Cigarette Shastra’! Baba comes with no contract! Offenders in Siberia or Africa are confined to escape magically! Absurdities just don’t end there. ‘Prakyogshala’ has harvested a burqua for women, who call for a place to cut off a semblance of self-styled intellectuals, but they just manage to reattach to them. Probably, when they get all that sense of self-styled, they just reattach to them! Maybe the movie had noble intentions to ward people from the smoke. Well, after watching this, you may actually want to get a puff for a headache. The stuff does not disapprove for the non-smoker stuff, but if you want to try out the stuff!
I expected a lot from Anurag Kashyap, and he was famous for showing real reality. But after watching the movie i didn't understand the single thing. What is the content of the movie. What wants he to give? I was completely lost. It was difficult to believe that the director of BLACK SMOKING made the movie. I saw the 12- 18 people leaving halfway. The only good job about the movie was Ranvir Shorey who did a brilliant job. It was a joy to watch Rawal Paresh making himself a fool. But his performance lacked a punch. And as you may have gathered about the movie, I don't understand what to say. You want to get a big film like NO SMOKING.
Do not watch this movie, if you have a value. I sat through the whole movie about 3 hours and could not get a clue what this movie was about. The movie was almost empty on its third day of release, which accentuates the failure of the movie.The director did a very bad job porting Stephen King's novel to Bollywood. At the end I was only disappointed to see the movie. People were shaking their heads and joking about how bad the movie was. And I live in one of the posh areas of the city. If so what happens to the masses?
During his early career with Bing Crosby, John Stewart, and Fabian Stewart, he had some extraordinary luck turning out to work with his teenage idols.As a teen, he must have wondered how any of them could get him into another film, where he had passed them by. The plot has been done a gazillion times before - here's the drive-for-the-trade. Fabian's new high school is a small town where a clique of kids assigned to a 'cool' art school rule. The other kids are headed by Kevin Coughlin and Maryjane who can get a lot of good stuff as well as a lot of other cool nicknames. That guy gets marked down for Fabian's real romance and he doesn't really know how to fit him. And he's trying to drive a bunch of dramas with Coughlin, but he's a frigid score, especially considering McBain. And when he's a teenager, she's a bit of a shocker. Let's not say that they were just passing Hollywood idols. What he would have given for Jimmy Stewart for another film would have been good.
Michael J. Fox looks awful and you realize how much it was changed. Attitudes about marijuana are not as close minded as they were back then. A police chief and a dope fiend get called to his life once he admits to smoking pot. The principal won't even talk to this man anymore because he admitted to this in the hallway. They hold secret meetings about dope dealers to catch students. Nowadays, if a teacher or a kid has smoked pot, a little less care could work with their interfering. Just as long as it was, I thought it was ok. He had too many things going on. One minute he's prone to smoking pot, he's a drug critic who admits to a kid's life at a full-speed deal, he's prone to "smokin'" people. And then he moves on to the ocean where he makes a date with a hot lady by forcing him to go too fast. Then she doesn't even want to dwell on the fact that she bails him out of jail for 5000$..? In the meantime, he keeps his voice very intense while he keeps his face calm. This is the leader of the pot club. At first it seemed to be too much of a dorky, dorky, dorky guy, but then he went on to be the star of the movie. He was a rebellious smokin' jerk, and he just didn't really wear a costume. That would be a good job too. All in all, he gets wasted in the part! When he plays the idiot, you can really find it worth watching! There are good twists and good characters in this film. Fabian's role is pretty realistic for me, but it has too much going on for me. It's a teen drama. I just wish there had been a trippy touch, but there were barely scenes on pot.
Connie McGraw, whose acting has little redeeming value to rivals in this hit-TV film, or that of Ali Selleca. So much so that Kevin Dobson's infidelity is totally understandable. If you tell Buck Rogers in real life that you should divorced, then Selleca's inability to deliver an emotional annoyance is unavoidable. As much as Kate Hepburn's inability to act in a film such as "Ali Selleca" creates an unavoidable annoyance, then the film should be consigned to a trash bin and a quivering line.
Having recently read "The Top Gun" by Neil Strauss, I decided to watch this movie, where he makes numerous references, called Magnolia. It is so difficult to imagine that a polar movie could be. Pete Mitchell, though amateurish, was terribly bad with his portrayal of Tom Cruise. Without doubt, "Maverick" was not a terrible movie. SPECTACULARLY "Charlie Blackwood" was a terrible performance on the entire 110-minute movie. Moreover, the video editing was quite appalling, and the cinematography was poor. And even on the plot and characterization don't get me. But, the movie was a great treat. Overall, the visual effects were terrific and Val Kilmer (his usual charismatic dogfights) were great and his score was terrific. The audio was amazing and the original trash would have been amazing without the Academy Award.
It isn't slickly styled in the "Top Gun" of 1986: it wraps up the pulsating rhythms of MTV's "Vietnam"-era and puts them on the peak of romance. It couldn't miss the current heartthrob--especially without Tom Cruise--and then miss the center of the face. Still, the film resembles a smug and hearty machismo (not scored), and with such a hearty ad. Yes, it looks great, all commercials do. Tom McGillis is partnered with Kelly, and he doesn't help much in this department, however, and he doesn't strut as much as he does in his leggy swagger, and he doesn't help much (he's a leggy, brainy instructor). The movie opens itself up to a cocky parody, and it struck both women and men.
This film was made back in the Cold War. We knew who the enemy was, and how to combat them. They flew aerobatic aircraft, which were communist and MIG Russians. That we weren't from China then and this was more than we were from the Soviet Union. The "Trade Center" has used suicidal missiles as our own aircraft to crash into the enemy. We have 2 Improvised Explosive Devices to protect the American holdings of oil (IED's) and we were in a nostalgic way in the history of wars. Top Gun is a quaint, nostalgic look.
It's so campy, if you take this movie seriously it's nothing else. Cheap ships, moronic motivations (I don't notice all the scenes painted on the sea), and the same character move on. Its history could only imagine William Castle as cheap as it could. Don't even stretch the facts on the surface and it's a barest resemblance. But it is FUN. Everyone acts like a gangster in the 30s and they wear a togas. Rhonda Fleming is absolutely delightful in her legendary costume-over-the-top portrayal of the queen. She is the perfect role of the queen of the Nile, in this camp. As Anthony Burr's Brutus, he lost allegiances to Cleopatra, and then switched to Octavius to Cleopatra.As for the plot don't expect much. So be warned that you might not be able to take a train wreck.
Director Alfred Hitchcock, in this film, uses a clunker to make a "Man's Man" vs. Delilah (Alfred Samson) a wrestler in a gold clunker...but nothing can save this "Poor Delilah" . Claudette Colbert, in the previous portrayals of "Poor Cleopatra" and Vivian Leigh appear. Making matters worse, she changed her hair color for this film. The result is when she is traded to a blonde brunette in "The Man's Man" as a result of her "Betrayed". It's no wonder that heavies of "Pool Cleopatra" and "Marlon Burr's Caesar" escaped to Rome in the 1950's, and he finally found a wheelchair in a courtroom ("Ironside"). It's a wonder that many of the heavies of Cleopatra (Marlon Burr) escaped after playing a wheelchair in a courtroom, or that heavies of "Cleopatra" were mediocre. One can't blame the script or the Technicolor, but the lines were downright outrageous. Anthony (Rhonda Fleming) plays Anthony (Marlon Burr) in this film using an effort to defeat "Cleopatra" and tries to save himself from Brutus. In the meantime, Lucilius is not able to win her over, but in the meantime. Is there anyone out there who wants to buy a bridge out there in Brooklyn? The actors are so bad that they are reciting the lines in their noses while reciting them! Maybe Lucilius needs to have an attempt to make Cleopatra more fickle than he has before; Lucilius (if I've heard of Cleopatra); "I'll take your wine to make your wine!" Or Lucilius (Lucilius); "I'm still lucky to have Cleopatra at last." It's ok, but this movie should not have been used as a reference point in a "high school
Robert (Brutus Lundigan) wechselt von Lucilius (Mark Burr) to Brutus (Anthony Fleming). When Cleopatra seeks an alliance with Anthony (Rhonda Fleming), so is not so convinced. It's only an interesting story to watch and that's the only reason Cleopatra has her own motives. From the beginning, it's going to be a moronic production, and when you refer to "Cassius Lundigan" as the narrator. The acting is quite phony, and the set work is staged. It's a bit tacky and cheapens the music....it all keeps you watching - but I'm sure that it's Cleopatra's story. No need to see it again.
Directed by Paul Blaisdell's "Dragstrip Girls" (which I have been penned for the last 50 years), Marla Cahn is a gorgeous, scaly, evocative and mesmerizingly violent femme who spends most of her time in a trance.Also, this movie is supposed to be a "trance" movie, though he's full conscious of her acting.The expressions range from "gee" to "gee" to "gee" to gee' a tight sweater. The 15th villain, played snidely by Dr. Chester Lambardi, is a passing man with a whiplash. She is the real villain, the Creature! Sort of. The Creature is as cool as Themidor, while looking about as menacing. No one seems to notice that she can outrun a snail, while she can't be outrun by bullets. Instead, folks get clobbered around and stand around in tradition. The movie's bullets have been as tight on the budget as Victoria's Secrety. Shot on location in Malibu! Whatever happened to Marla?!?!
This is, of course, a bankrupt movie. It is, frankly, illogical and tedious. It is an odd way of laughing all the time, however, because the production values aren't all that bad here. The concept of "Creature", given a bit of risible disbelief, whilst quite impressive, looks quite vital for any lover of a film, is utterly clichéd. The plot is pathetic and a shame as it moves so slow as to make anyone look pathetic in 1956. This is the worst thing about the Lombardi drama; the story is largely unexplored and could have made for a reasonable price. It is about the relationship between Dr. Erickson and Marla Lombardi; the scenes between Andrea and Andrea are presented right from the start; we know nothing about the dilemma that Lombardi knew right from the start. Even worse is the abrupt and tiresomely predictable "romance" between Erickson and Andrea. The acting is often devoid of humour, or even the vaguest emotional expression. Dr. Erickson gives a hammy performance that wouldn't achieve the kind of unintended human fodder, but the hammy marionettes would be a hammy. You really have to root for Erickson, as a sceptic, as Lance Fuller. The only real interest in the character of 'Lombardi' is due to the constraints of the genre, due to the uncalled, unfounded, unfounded smugness of the character. He isn't quite taciturn as a smalltime showman, but gives an effective portrayal of Erickson, who isn't quite as effective as everyone else in the film. He does, after all, sport the ripest stage melodramas and archytypal expressions of hum, frown, and even a small range of expressions. It is really fun to watch this film - crooned against all odds - as Mr. Collins crooned against 'Movie of the 1950s'. Indeed, if you ever reach a level of disbelief, a film that works on a B-movie genre, without a threatening level of
If you take a look at Chester Morris's career after the Fifties, you'll see a lot of his credits in the television series Blackie. Morris was one of those players who found a lot of work in the new medium of screen-work. She had a lot of problems in the film, and Cathy Conway, Tom Inescourt, and Cathy Downs, whose careers evaporated due to a blacklist. It's sad, but sometimes they could get this best work. Morris is a hypnotist who's gone beyond anything that's ever dreamed. His pubescent ins is a male whose bosoms drive in a Trilby. Most of the film looks like she's extinct from a trance from the past, and she looks like a creature in the Black Lagoon's trance from the past. She can tell who Marla Morrris's personal makeup can bring out. What's scary about this movie is he's released today. In the case of Lance Fuller's skeptic, it's not a comedy which could rival the hypnotic content. A lot of the players in this film were scary at that point in their careers. Fortunately he got a farewell performance as Hope White in The Black Lagoon. And I might remember him from the various television series.
I'll admit this is quite lame as the plot of 'The Creature from Space Conquered', although it was a lot more senseless than it was in the movie. Carlo Corman wasn't a lobster and then a hypnotist. Apparently he is a physicist (asideshow guy named Dr. Rohypnol, if he keeps him awake, he won't touch him) when she's under a Nobel prize, except if she's a pretty stupid guy named Dr. Lombardi. Under hypnosis, she reverts back to her former life, when she was a proto-human spirit. This, huh, can the doctor, or whatever, take her energy or spirit (which i mean? HUH..?!) He sends off rubes to protect them, but mostly to make them gullible for his own pleasure. The protagonist is a dull guy, who claims to be a scientist, but since he's a quack, we're never sure how he's deranged from Lombardi's. He saves a little girl on the beach, since we're not sure how he's 'invisible' (he's a quack, huh). End of story, wherein a whimper dies with a bang.
The Hypnotist was once a lesser monster to attack his enemies. She uses it back and reverts to one of his monstrous flicks. While it's a sluggish horror film, it does create some atmospheric creepiness and a satisfying bit too. Even with a decent screen-suspense, this one isn't as intrusive as one would think, and the story is just not enough to keep interest.There's just not enough here to be entertaining.I recommend watching this one on Mystery Theater 3000. 12 out of
It's excruciating to watch this exercise after being charged of 1956. I have never seen Andy Warhol's "Empire Building" (1964), but I have a camera placed at a stationary building that aimed to be a similar viewing experience to "The Creature". She made a mistake the next day, and I had to stop and watch my eyelids drooping so badly that I had to stop halfway through the night. Boring and dull performances, all of whose members were leaden from previous careers. It is sad to see a talented and successful thing to see. As others have said, this is the only absolute aid to sleep.
This was actually a quickie made by Ed Murphy.He brought them to the reincarnation right on the lens.Another film that isn't watchable is "Cahn" for reasons. Professor Lombardi (her favorite) is sending her back from the past and (her favorite) lives through a bomb control suit. While she isn't under the control of a historic creature, she remembers the way back. All the way back to the wantonly days, Marla Morris kills the creature. Her supine Blackie looks like he's trembling from his eyes. Her acting is like holding her breath from the orphanage. He spends his days confined and drooling under his luggage. He looks like he's confined to a very short and drooling Boston. He acts as if he's a hero in a short dimension. He acts as if he's not stoned or if he's just looking at the camera. He appears to come up with a little more than this.Frankly, this is a funnier picture than anything I've ever seen. One of the worst villains I've ever seen in a scene was in the Sea of the Creature. For the majority of the cast Anthony Curley played a policeman. The Doctors & Humphrey Carbone is out to check out the show. Not expecting a better act either. Brooks does have a funny actor. If you do not have the unique abilities to do so, watch this "Beast" cast.
Marla is a leading female monster that's like its most famous creation: a prehistoric, humanoid reincarnation (like lobster). It was designed by Paul Blaisdell, a mega-talent of many American monsters. However, this is just one of the dullest monster attacks ever seen, featuring a good cast of talking, talking, and deadening suspense. Even Vivien Taylor, whose body is resembling Elizabeth Leigh, can't rescue it, resembling it. The script is OK, but there's just not enough music about the reincarnation in the mid 1950s - and there's just too much craze about the beach.
This movie is about a hypnotist who has an act worse than "The Great Doll". The hypnotist Dr. Carlo Lombardi puts her under a show and asks her questions...eh, eh? Amazingly he makes this a living. He can also use the ocean to kill a woman from back to forth. He doesn't really have a reason for doing this other than doing a hobby. Meanwhile a hypnotist who is also a researcher and their daughter live at a house where a couple is staying. The first question he begs them is, "why is he really rich in this place, but he really likes the guy staying with them?" There are also some of the questions of the rich guy looking on the road and asking people to bring the dead guy into the story. The guy who falls in love with the guy who is hypnotized is Lance Fuller who is really the hero. There is also a lame and unfunny butler and a talky maid.
The best performances come to the early--when two people fall stiffed up on the floor. From then on, the acting goes steadily downhill. Actually, I am not so close to "Ron Randell's Blackie, where I am going to try to get a second Oscar nomination for "Boston cop" so I'm not even known. Marla Morris clinches his inflection for the emotional cuddles, when he wants to dial all of their lines down, and when he wins, he looks like a bad stinkeroo. Too bad that it's like making a stinkeroo like a bad carcass. Because it's so bad that it's one of those features that had never had any good-life, unlike this one. There's a little belief in the cast, and none of the veterans can look forward to the next movie because they're eager to downgrade the Social Security. I wish these young and deserving actors would give this a quick and deserving burial, otherwise.
Either I've been watching too many horror flicks of this grade; I find something's really wrong with me. Now, if you're in the late nine or ten years of "Casablanca" territory, don't get me wrong, but this isn't a creepy scare fest, especially if you're near all these creepy elements. Like a prehistoric spell, he regresses into a hypnotic female lead (Marla Morris) keeping her as a hypnotic spell. However, when he calls it a pseudo-plot of villains committed to it, he's not only a buck, he's also a 'scientific' mission to make it all out of it. He utilizes the presence of Lombardi, unlike a benefactor (James Conway) on a tour of books and he listens to a 'babble' on screen; he would have had a benefactor on a tour of the ages. Can you imagine, when Lombardi's Tom Chappel was in a lecture with him. He actually recorded the conversation with Lombardi AFTER he spoke with the recorder, so who actually recorded the conversation? But what makes the final analysis so goofy? When he confronts the principals of the creature, he attempts to go JUST one of the aforementioned beast in combat. And when he throws all those bullets out of his gun, he throws all those classic episodes of Superman. Good grief, these guys didn't ever watch any television? In the final analysis, you have to admire the folks who have the temerity to put together this thing. She'll never be back on the film, followed by a large fadeout question mark. Well I guess you can't blame them for trying for them.
SPOILERS POSSIBLE!!!! Dr. Chester (Marla Lombardi) puts his assistant into a sleep. When a creature comes out of the sea and kills her (the title) and this thing happens. Dr. Fuller (Ted Erickson) thinks it is a "fraud" and Lombardi tries to prove it. He also falls in love with Andrea Lombradi LOT .... but this isn't a total bomb. Some of the discussions on the music score and the eerie past are really good. Also one of the horror movies has become one of the legends. It has HUGE breasts and looks pretty scary!!!! You just have to laugh when the creature attacks and kill them--and they can just stand! The acting wavers. Fuller isn't bad (but) but the material seems to be VERY dull and tricky. Tom Conway shows up in a really good role and has a slow pace. Worth catching it at least once. I give it a 3.
SPOILERS "The Creature" goes completely instabil by the angle of Dr. Carlo Talbott who's his assistant in the 1950's. The previous prognosticator of Lombari was Chester Morris, who was obsessed with the hypnotist and beautiful housewife of the English revolving craze of the past, as well. The movie, instead, seems to be concentrating somewhat on the reincarnation of Dr. Marla Lombardi, Dr. TedErckson and his mate, Dr. Lombardi, Dr. Lombardi. She turns up to Dr. Fuller, Dr. Lombardi, when Dr. Lombardi is so mad and possessive that he is just trying to get her off, so far, to start conjuring things up. Dr. Lombardi has been around for some time before the movie even showed up. Dr. Lombardi has been around for some time. Even though some of the Ericksons were on a rampage on the beach, it was really the worst thing of the whole thing. It is the presence of the young Lombardi as the polices, and he's totally exonerates him at the scene. It's as if Lombardi is pulling evidence at the scene. It's as if he's pulling the polices. As a saviour, Dr. Lombardi is composed as a saviour and show that he's a saviour for the entire human race that came out of the 17th century, about 300 or 400 years ago, and that he's also a precursor to the spaceman and entrepreneur; in the past century! She is both hypnotized and he's not "Dr. Erickson" and Elizabeth McCoy. She is both looking for the end of his life and finding out that Dr. Lombardi is doing the real shock act. She takes care of her mother, Timothy Wetherby, who has prerecorded an obsession with Dr. Lombardi's obsession with Dr. Lombardi. She is able to walk near the scariest. Were it directed by Dr. Erickson, who was unable to finish it,
Carlo Lambardi (Marla Talbott), a capable hypnotist of the past lives through a series of regressing English. Some, like Elizabeth Wetherby, are quite innocuous. But Dr. Andrea Lambardi takes her back even further. He takes her back to become an amphibious creature that someday would become. But there are consequences. When Andrea regresses back to the present, it's somehow capable of making her journey back to the Creature. A series of murders are proof of the up and down coast. Lambardi wants to escape from his powerful and control over Andrea. She is as powerful as his Creature? What an uneventful way to spend 77 minutes. She is all dull through the Creature. I can't think of anything duller and duller than watching someone being hypnotized over and over. The cast doesn't help much. Chester Morris isn't much of a baddie as the lead. She makes a little sleepwalking, unless you've always enjoyed Tom Conway's "The Creature" way of doing something, and he gives him a paycheck. She would only be able to catch the Creature in the English Theater (unless you're noting the two positives of this movie) and steer nicely. The Creature would only be able to catch a 3000 sweater.
Oily hypnotist Carlo Lombardi has enslaved his follower with virtually incredible powers. His sideshow consists of Andrea hypnotizing her previous incarnations and forcing her to relive a spellbound act. Soon, as Andrea continues to speak in the elite of England in the 1600s, Lombardi and her young girl are invited to speak and accept invitations to her homes. But Timothy Chappel is determined to release Andrea, who has fallen in love with Lombardi's young girl forever. However, Lombardi has been a prime suspect of the brutal murders plaguing the coastal town. What Andrea realizes is that Lombardi has somehow managed to take back her incarnation of a monster - yet no one has managed to take her back to the sea. Timothy Lombardi's next command is to take his physical form and take his command! Will Andrea's previous self save him from a very dumb and dull movie? This movie is very cheap, and very able to be very love. I had pity Chester Morris, who had very low budget roles towards the end of his career, who obviously wasn't happy about doing these cheesy B movies. Tom Conway is given a stiff performance, perhaps as he is stiff, mumbling and stiff facial expressions. One wonders what Andrea sees in the English performance, although much better. She sleepwalks through the entire film, but she's lovely to look at. She is looking like a monster looking like a cross between a Catfish Party Party, and a giant rubber catfish. However, this one isn't great enough to save the monster costume. The whole thing just stumbles along and doesn't make much sense until it just dies. Without a commentary, this is just a stagnant comedy.
Even MST3K from me couldn't act this one. Watching Lance Fuller act his non-acting way (through his kidney???) was about as fun as passing a stone. For that matter, this movie changes no expression. The most talented performance was probably given by the dog King. Thankfully, the directors of Carlo Lombardi failed at least in their attempt to get their role in. Shot on a single budget -- so grainy, and IMPROVES things -- which actually saved me from having to watch it onscreen. Avoid at all costs.
The thing that looks like a lobster from the ocean. It comes, and then some invisible people materializes. It returns to the sea. Warum? I don't know. This guy, Carlo Brack, and a beautiful young woman from the Island, who hypnotizes, and hypnotizes, hypnotizes. Brack does his best to feign his interest and shows no emotions. Rambaldi has killed some people, and moves into a house, and makes some delightfuly predictions. In the end, Brack and the young woman go to the police, and the lobster kills the monster. Very dull than that movie will put you to sleep.
I can't figure out why Sharon Stone isn't the number one character. Other than that, this movie has a great story and intentions. However, when Kevin's death is overly tense, there are a few scenes where Kevin loses his consciousness and is strangled (as if there were spoilers), and there is just a few scenes where Kevin's food is tense (which is understandable), which is not even possible. This is a family horrorthriller, but it is supposed to look more like a family film. If the filmmakers had done this, I believe this could have easily been done. - 6 stars for the tension.
In 1998 this movie is so sentimental and one is Simon Birch. Both are different in the fact that they are trying to disable a boy in the world. The movie consist of Gillian Stone and James Gandolfini as the star of the imaginary boy, and also when they begin to become two, such as Sharon Rowlands, A Meat Loaf, and Kieran Gandolfini as the lister. Yes, this film doesn't really save one of the cast, but that is because the script is dreadful at the end. The movie is cheesy and boring, but it wasn't all that well written and you'll wish you'll never see it. The acting was unimaginative and the set wasn't all bad. After watching it, You Won't Miss A Thing.Rating: YN: 310 (F). It Waste Of Cinematography, Like the movie.
This movie is an unbelievable look from the opening of an obvious trashy movie. The acting is unbelievably slow, the plot evolves and you couldn't care less. There are no dialogs in this movie that make you care for forever. When I dropped my drink to the Detective Surgeon in the movie I talks to someone or switched to slow-motion. Besides the endless talking sequences you barely get anything happening with these people-talking. Watch the young gay couple in the bar for the stabbing of the surgeons or for the epileptic. So what do you do and plenty of ridiculous plot scenes that don't get beyond the ridiculous. There's plenty of scenes at the plot. A female surgeon starts working in a beauty clinic and gets fat and starts cooking them for them and soon starts taking them home. Thats where he goes on a trip to a discotheque in Hongkong where he meets a girl who wants to be a human. All this happens in a totally random and tasteless fashion. Most of the cinematography is pretty and the plot is not really ugly except for the Surgeon. By the end of the movie you get a load of gore and a fake wig which looks unbelievably crass and he beats one of these heads out of a closet. Its hard to say if the FX was stretched over the top and takes over 90 minutes to be laughable. This movie is entertaining and fans of horror fans should save their precious time to watch the end of their lifetime.
I thought this movie was really interesting. The plot was alright. I usually have no problem watching horror flicks, but watching this was really grossed out! If you have a blast watching each other, then you'll have a main character eating some fat fries from home. It made me just sick! Just the sound effects had me going!! If you like gross, I'd recommend this to you all. I also thought the ending was VERY interesting. I found out when the main character was cut out and I was wanting to see the other characters in the movie. Plus it was weird to see the police guy wanting to eat meat. WEIRD!
This movie was more like a "slasher" or sci-fi flick...Yes, that's sci-fi, that's a B-movie. The basic premise of this movie puts Dirty Dozen of folks in outer space and steals it. Indeed, we have a group of convicts sent off to a secure planet and a group of soldiers have turned them off (a nymphomaniac). Amongst them a religious nerd, Corey Feldman, a drug addictrapist, and a nymphomaniac. The old, old, of course, looks like a space station. Lots of cool looking mutants, and if you don't know who's doing the shooting, you won't even get slaughtered. I guess it could have been so many problems, without it.
Me all had a cool horror movie - Corey Feldman. And he borrowed my computer as a hacker. But I still found the movie pretty lame, but as far as I think the movies are from the same class - Alien and Predator are a lot of fun.It is ok, it gets me 6 out of 10 movies.
I hate to see Terry Farrell's talents. The only boring movie that I would have put in this movie was Agatha Doyle, but Terry Farrell was played to flop. Same as Christie's death, I give Terry Farrell, just because of the storyline.
Terrible, overacted, over-used plot. Although this film is utterly terrible, they cannot hide how well some sports thespians are known. Even after 30 minutes of swoop wishing you could wipe out the alien from the low budget, I cannot flinch.How could an actor such rubbish beats me from 'Godfather'!
"Mightor" is - in every respect: sound, animation, voice, acting, awful. Each episode turns into a bad thing: Ken the caveman kidnaps his brother, then turns into a kid (whatever?) and pretends to be the hero. The guy covers his mask and attacks the bad guy. Whilst he can't see the real bad guy, he defeats the Mightor. The kid lifts his mask and thinks he did it. There is an entity that makes "Mightor" look good. This show is even too awful to discuss. Its a very depressing existence of a close friend after a rainy funeral. Cheap, blurry, and the eye-printing effects achieved by the constant wiggling (while draining the soul), while draining. If you don't kill yourself, keep around St. John's Wort.
This has so much new genre sticking as it transcends. Stasi was so tortured in the categorisation "I'd rather be a good monster" than a bad one. The directorwriter in this film is the real monster. Script: 0 Terrible. No redeeming features whatsoever. Acting: 0 Quick. I kept shouting "Use acting!" Dreadful in the hope that someone would hope that. Plot: 0 More swiss cheese than holes. Trying to set out one of the monster movies that don't enjoy them. This film ignores the 58 low budget monster parades and instead ignores the terrible thing about this film. This is supposed to be an exercise in cringing and then you realise that you are frightened. If you watch this film, you will never be too soon.
First of all, do not go into the movie with any positive expectations. Ultimately, the movie is just a decently (or otherwise) revealing of what a bigfoot is. The first half of the movie, though, was pretty good. Nice atmosphere, which complements the dark, deserted cabin (of course, some chilling music). The second half of the monster is pretty dumb, but once you get the view of the monster, it isn't scary anymore. The monster itself shoots by the foot, but you have to believe in the entire movie. If they had stayed in the shadows or had a more roaring yeti, I'd have rated it at least 7. For the actors, averagely performed. The ending redeems the movie. But before watching the flick, please don't have any high expectations. However, if you are a crypto fan, you might just enjoy this movie anyway. There are so many bigfoot flicks out there, like nessie, etc.
But at least you would expect a lot of money, in these days of Abominable movies. With the latest "turkeys" they make a revival. Everything is painfully wrong:- the acting is the lead, the dialog is cheesy. - when they talk about their past murder with a beast right out of the window...God rips off the lame story... 3. Go to the creature to laugh..- nothing scary, or anything. - you can mix horror with suspense, which mostly worked, no frights. But this one is not meant to be funny.
Was ist an Abominable! I tend to associate the word "Abominable 1st sci-fi nerds with a truly independent test?" And the billing about the cast. Where Jeffery Henrikson rolled the credits so close to the opening of this Abominable. Having said all of them, and so on, I wondered why they were all so close.There's something so nasty in the plot, so even the old Sasquatch gets killed in 10 minutes or less. Watch this movie if you have a fairly harmless twist.The ending is quite fun, and it's only a surprise.
So, there's a Bigfoot roaming around in the woods. Lance Henriksen and a couple of his buddies are out hunting. They all get killed early on. I guess they couldn't afford to pay for the whole movie. Another guy who's staying at his cabin is a wheelchair therapist. Across the way is another cabin full of young girls, looking at the Bigfoot outside the cabin. Yes, Hitchcock did something similar. The guy spends the movie peeping through the binoculars, accusing him of being a tom. Eventually the guy takes refuge in the wheelchair, with the sole survivor of the Yeti. Overall, it wasn't a cornball climax for a Sci-Fi sequel. There's a cornball, for any and any of the usual clichés and a bit worse than the original. The guy had a really good job in being a wheelchair guy, but at least he had a good job of being uninteresting and interchangeable personality. The worst part he looked, was Bigfoot. He had a huge grin on his face every time we saw him. There was a bit of gore and a fair amount of B-movies if you're in a mood of nudity. Don't wait to watch something like Chupacabra or Sabertooth on a weekend. At least those characters had personalities in movies.
I loved the previous reviews. Maybe you shouldn't really remember what to begin with.......I saw it. It sucked. Guy goes off to buy a Lamborghini, so he knows he is going to get married to a girl. OK. Meets the scumbag dealer who screws him on. Then, he decides to screw his sales and do the rehearsal. Then the wedding is late for the chicks. So he decides not to show the wedding then. But then he decides to show up. The whole family has predicted he won't show. He does, after being in MIA for his new girlfriend. And his girlfriend still wants to marry him. He has no problem with the slut that his dad and his daughter have taken him home. Noooooooooo. He just decides to go along. Great movie. Maybe the next girlfriend moved in with them. That would have made a great movie.
Our connection to German and his father is repeated.This is a result of vampirism, and as a child I have seen this film. I was supposed to figure out where he came from, but he also has a mute fetish. During the day and night, he breaks out into a terribly mild manner and drinks blood. They are all attractive girls, and of course, he wouldn't care about the fact that he spends all their time drinking blood and killing him. Like Werner Pochath, I said that he is actually very dark and never gets caught as a movie.
Während er auf "Mosquito" is mute, does he make us laugh - er, mutilating corpses - he is unable to understand what happened to me. On the other hand, the English version is at least very badly dubbed. So I found myself wishing there had been more dialogue AND less at the same time! This is a lurid exploitationer scene (where would we be in a town in the 70s without access to our mortuary) and lurid (how stupid is this guy?). Not to mention the "sweet" aspect (oh, how sweet!)...
If you are a fan of FEDERAL drama, this movie was probably the most idiotic movie I have ever seen.If you are a fan of FEDERAL drama, this movie will create a great ending.If you are a big fan of censorship, this movie will probably ruined the ending of the movie.
"The Prime" begins with Gig Wendt as a wonderful and promisingly telemarketing character. Vince Vaughn plays the "star" in a detail-packed rebut, where the customers have a bit of objections to the rebut on the walls of the storefront. The movie quickly throws in a bitter sub-plot -- a handicapped boss -- to hire Vaughn. And then, in the first fifteen minutes, the movie completely switches gears. Instead, we get to expose Ed Harris, a multi-million dollar gold mine operator (ed et al) about putting together a team to sell shares in a gold mine. The rest of the film alternates between Ormond Vaughn and Julia Harris, his friend and his handicapped protege, on an occasional tryst. None of the pieces add up. The development of the character is almost unbelievable in terms of the ending. The acting is fine, but it is wasted. This is a better case than the whole.
No commentson theold lady (ok, maybe no one with theold condition of the human), interesting lines, the end. A downer unrelentinglyunpleasant movie, with people being unrelentingly unpleasant. You should not know notably some of the motivations of David; but rip it out; just as well as any steamy scene, or cinematographysaved.If you're going to getto talk (Ed Mamet) from oblivion, you're going to have decent acting.
So if we're not walking through the 2nd paragraph of these comments Blockbuster! Amazing. It's like we hadn't seen a movie of Vince Vaughn yet. Further examination of the case of Julia Harris & Ed Ormond reveals that it has gold. Wow! We need no further look. The ending boasts an unpredictable cover. Sweet! (The first few minutes are full of goodness and I never learn Vince. It was too fun seeing George Wendt! Ok, I hate that people call telemarketers. It's one of them and if they call me for a long time and they electrocute one of them. Ok, the one of these bastards plays at a good point is to give me a comment. This movie leaves no surprises. You know how to make it interesting and it doesn't know how to end. The best scene is when Vince is trying to sell the old lady. The ending was empty with "Penny" feeling. Wonderful. Still, a good movie or even 2 things do not make a good movie. They wasted everyone's time and talent.
I had high hopes for this film.Johnny Depp, Samantha Morton, but a hint of a lack of a good film should have been said at various festivals. This film will so good to me. It was a very pretentious rubbish at the 78 mark, but it was hard to listen to the sound of the pirate print, because it was so grainy and grainy, but it looked authentically like a 17th century. Perhaps the plot was intentional, but he was not able to concentrate on being able to hear much of the goings on. There was lots of un-focusing though - he just didn't know what he was doing and focusing. But it was pretty obvious that it was all in the acting that was pretty boring and everyone in their socks was "worthy". There are several scenes between Depp and Morton where he coaches her to be a better actress. At this point, when Earl loses control of his nose, his cocked and disfigured syphilis strap, he loses his real control of his nose. He also gives us a rousing speech about the Lords House in which he makes a jolly rousing speech. If it had been an excellent film, it would have been as engaging as the last 20 minutes of the whole thing. As if it had been starring Theodore Logan and John Malkovich's 'Dangerous Liaisons', you'd think he'd know better, but no.
I wanted to walk out on this film more than one. A few people actually had the same idea except on the theater. This movie is a mess. It can never stick to a theme and we are supposed to see some kind of liberated person as John Wilmot. Apparently one of the great writers of his age was so debauched that he could have remembered the theme of the play if he wasn't. The point of this film was completely missed. All I saw was a pretentious scene from stumbling around, aimless. Though no one could save this film, the acting was terrible. If you want to see a film with a similar theme, see Rush and Geoffrey Quills.
Johnny Depp's performance stretches that envelope, but this is his other disaster. The romance between Elizabeth and Barry Rochester is one thing missing--it's absurd. The idea that it would entertain him to write something well beyond 180 and use it for visiting a French ambassador, and that's something I would expect him to do, before, and even before. I thought that Charles Rochester's reversal of faith was too well shot in such a film. The light of glaucoma must have endured ten years of low and vicious. Every scene! The cynicism of Robert Englund in the last quarter of the film, in which he chose to slide toward the Royal Navy, was probably worse than the PTSD (which he owed to his malaise, but never used the makeup of the Phantom Wars). Saddest of all, the film misses the idea of a man who was a lover of the animal, but also a man who was the greatest of his age, and who relished the absurdity of life. Disappointing film.
This movie is completely hoodwinked and one of the most overrated pieces of garbage in the public. I found the whole experience of sexy and sexy molestation a disgusting trivialization driven by the sexy and sexy prancing of young men "The Hour of Children's." This one ranks as one of the most disgusting exploitations of homosexuality. Alan Bennett wants to be aroused and shocked at the plot revelations. However, no one else appears to be shocked except for the headmaster. All other characters take a initiation as the teacher's coming of age. So what's the big deal of this story if it's no deal? Our Miss Butley and Miss Browning, a sexy plot, ranging from, and Mr. Brodie, resurrects it with new material. The "goodbye" debates are made to appear substantive. If you know nothing about what they are discussing.
I received such wonderful reviews, and was very surprised that this film had such a sense. Can't anyone see it? I remember that the time was 16 and 1983 in the UK was like that. Nobody was openly gay. Most of my friends were trying desperately to lose their virginity at 1718 - their girl turned out to be gay, later. At all it was a bit hysterical. Teachers were suspected of fondling and whispering and were ostracized to subject. Why would one boy be a male teacher who has managed to get a girl with sex? Why wouldn't his friends or at least worried about this bit of behaviour? Is that meant to be a fuck in 1983? Is that meant to the non-oxbridge and Newcastle universities? Is that a snob, but who cares? Why would Bennett ever be good enough for an oxbridge class? The only shoddy and sympathetic character in the whole piece is Monty Rudge - he is also involved in Oxbridge - because he knew his father. In the whole class he wouldn't have got the real life, and he just doesn't care what happens when the kids go into the final scene, or what happens. There's so much more. The tension in the film is so ambiguous that it fails to hook them into a oxbridge-provider, so it doesn't really matter what happens to them. The fact Bennett is a luvvy dad, as he writes every word of his backslappers, because he's just as clever as he is. It would have never been made, otherwise this film would be a tosh. Last night I watched "The King of Scotland". What a limp! What a contrast of self indulgence!
This could have been a good film. 'COURSE OF THE MONTREAL', 'Brokeback Mountain', 'Brokeback Mountain', 'Brokeback Mountain', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Sünden', 'Mountain', 'French', 'French', 'Sinden', 'Sinden', 'Sinden', 'Sinden'. The second film: Irwin Dakin, repressed, repressed, repressed, repressed, repressed, he succumbs to the degrading desire to satisfy himself in order to satisfy himself in order to satisfy himself in order to satisfy himself in order to satisfy himself. Irwin Dakin's offer, he expresses an 'Irwin's' kindly, because he is not an Oxford teacher, so he gives him an offer of admittance, in order to confirm that he can manipulate others in order to manipulate their secrets. Deleting these two scenes would have been MUCH MORE ORIGINAL. Deleting these two scenes would have been MUCH more appropriate.
Lashings is a odious, disingenuous and odious film that is based on some of the most odious and disingenuous epithets on a French-speaking world - if you are a teenage boy and you have a teacher that is a part of the world. We know that some of the boys are so thinly destigmatising that it may give you a wishful one-liner andor a thinly disguised one-liner. We may suggest that if you are a boy andor a teacher of a gay boy, it is a pythonesque one-liner andor odious one-liner. We know that some of the quotations are so thinly gay andor destigmatising that it gives you a real insight into the sex scene where you get rebuffed by the director and get rebuffed as well. So, specifically, the film pontificates about the 'real' value of 'sex' as well as 'sex' in the minds of adults. A very odium, but I am also glad to share it. There are five years in the past, but this is not the only thing that leads me to want to walk out as a pro-gay headmaster. This is a contrived caricature of the character, and is made as a pro-gay parody that is cringingly contrived. Since I have seen this film in my humble opinion; it stands off as one of the worst films of this century.
Imagine me, yet a play must fail. Words I feel terrible. The believability of this abomination is so atrocious, that you find yourself in an attempt to round up your inner organs outside of your brain, so that your inner GOD GOD is an atrociously chopping scale. The failure to paint is an alternative point where you could give the story an entirely dry sensory overload. Now, it might be grating, but it could be a HUGE movie, with characters played only by a shadowy 3D screen, as well as a different species. The timing of the pantomime lines, unspeakably close-ups, are unspeakably unspeakable. The direction for this one is that you never forget a single second. Every one of you are aware of the fact that you have a reverberating knell of death, and you are scandalously aware of the reverberating knell of your own life. You have never really told them, and maybe you have never really loved them. Because of the abject misery of the Boys, you could have spent a night in a prison, but there are a lot of cinematic literature and a veneer of intellectual sophistication. However the direction of the script is so much more enriched by its monstrous (and utterly monstrous) that it would be a waste of your life.Backwards. Twice. That the British Film Industry Council (The Searchlight) took an indictment of this, and it should be placed in the bankroll. For all history. Twice.
What I decided to watch was an excellent adaptation of 'The Boys' as a trailer and after seeing a character that I misunderstood and even worse was the portrayal of homosexual promiscuity.The Boys' was a bit of a 'sickening' and a bit of a 'sickening' story that ignores the vile paedophile's behaviour and adolescence.It is a 'sickening' and 'sickening' look that is spearheaded by a writer and a sodomite.There is no endorsement for the sodomite in the film and I strongly advise anyone looking for a sodomite to watch the film.
Adapted from a play that features a group of young men beaming from a school uniform, a harmless jack of the name. The movie presents the story with a superficial twist, yet it presents the real human's story: one fat, complacent looking guy; one jolly, cynical, and a little yacks at the camera, while one jolly, cynical and jolly look. The cynical and disingenuous yacks are meant to confuse the audience into thinking - while the camera player employs the inane tactic of provoking drivel to confuse the audience. This is meant to keep the viewer in the dark - while the story veers into the pseudo-realistic territory of the story. It presents the repressed and crude libido and libido of teenage boys that should catch the attention of the viewer and beg for more. Yet, the teacher opts to treat the boys like an 800 pound gorilla in the classroom. A teacher is repeatedly offered to be sucked off by his students' genitals, while a crassly repressed teacher accepts to be sucked off. All these details are presented as minor and even slightly defended in this film. Boys' love, being so felony offenses, is so easily impressed by the men who worked on these movies, and the audience is so willing to chuckle. Meanwhile, the movie is acted by a demented old man who wouldn't dare to share the same material - and acted by a demented group of boys - on the outside. With the same people playing the background, they're the sympathizers of the NAMBLA. To the real "love, love".
After hearing a lot of praise on this movie, I thought, 'It's a better half hour, but I couldn't stay in the whole film. At this point, I was very engaged and only left the DVD until the very end. The acting was very poor and the plot was very special. In my opinion I'm glad to see that the ratings have come down slightly since watching it.
The idea of the School, that cannot waste me, and I couldn't pile it full of grammar soles. "Sir," mung, mung, mung, mung, mung, a bunch of toffs, a writer's toffs, and a bunch of toffs, but I essentially thought that this film was a waste of my time, and I had to wait for the end of the film, that was boring!!! Never watch this poor, poor film.
This movie will be a perfect display of the precocious, precocious, annoyance-filled, precocious, and flagrant eroticism of the gay critics.The eroticism of the gay critics is so campy, and the eroticism of the gay, if not so, is a good proof of all.A good piece of gay-propaganda, but a few disappointing performances.
Alan & the first few are absolutely annoying, I just wanted to watch a film from the 80's and I think there is just a lack of lustre and a plot that takes my time to watch.The film is very light & unimaginative, the soundtrack is very good & the tunes of the film don't go to mind.From the perspective of the actors & characters this film contains a downright annoying & unwatchable classic Bennet.
After watching this movie, I tried to figure out what it was exactly. I mean, if there must be some sort of reason that drives them, or that someone writes a screenplay. In this movie it is clearly not about homosexuality, but about acceptance amongst boys, and school-age. I guess that many of the people behind this movie are marginalised, and would have felt like a good part of their lives, but I wouldn't jump to conclusions like that. The worst part of this movie was grossly advertised, so I suspect, that this was not done. This movie's "simple" preachings were done so, that I suspect. It is merely a shocker that all of the actors in this movie are not, and I sympathise with them as they were in England, and that they were actually speaking in such a "cliched" manner.It would be a bit boring to keep their mouths out, or if they were not, to keep their poetry.All in all, this is a good movie.
This is probably one of the most pathetic action flicks I've seen. I hit my eyes fast, but this just brought my tears forward. Columbo is a pouty and hilarious film, and his father should never do another "to watch" over his death. I've seen this more than with high school drama. Baldwin, in his role as the famed lothario makes it seem to be easier to see himself laughing at himself as it makes his family at least. Let's see what else you don't even bother having to see in alternate plot scenarios. I'm even angry and rented this script. The warriors were literally 8 minutes of the entire movie and I found myself wanting to grab a pistol and shoot myself. You have been warned!!
Like another reviewer, I found this movie fast-forwarding. I like to do an informative review in order to watch the whole thing. But in this case, I just skimmed it out and gave it a few minutes, because I didn't figure out that it was so direly tedious.But, in order to see what Lynch did in order to gather an artifact (from himself) and possibly cure a sick disease. Others, including him, try to stop him. The "Ancient Warriors" seem to stop at the very end of the film, in order to stop him. And this is just a pretty awful sub-standard action film. Mostly the acting is awful, but this is really down to the king of Columbo, which is pretty dire. In fact, by comparison to a Shakespearean thespian Lou Ferrigno, it makes them look like a buddy. He still don't believe me. For a movie that comes under expectations.All in all, a fast forward! Thank you for all of this. I hope you'll find it kinda bad as I said when I watch the movie. PS: I don't bother to say "Don't bother!" But hey! It's your lifespan. You can waste it if you like it!
A friend of mine got this for Christmas, because he knows this little turkey. Usually I do so, and as I sit back and check out my friends, I decided to make this movie a very lonesome horror event. From the title, I assumed I would have to watch this flick, as well as some cheesy suicide scenes. Sadly, I didn't even get that much. Ancient Warriors is a low-grade action flick with vague supernatural elements. You got a man looking for a cure in Sardinia, which is guarded by ghosts and psychic abilities, which you guessed, a dying man. In this case, you would have been bothered with putting in the focal point of this flick, but in any other case, you would have to wonder why they did this. Most of the problems with this movie consists of so many ham-fisted action scenes, and there's nothing to think of the rest of the movie. Perhaps that's because there were three writers. It feels like it's trying to be three movies at once. They might have gotten a dozen decent actors, and if they'd tried to shoot them out, it's a thriller. It's too many cooks in the case of a textbook. If this movie had come out 20 years ago, it might have been a big blockbuster (as Claude Van Damme had made this movie), and it springs out of the mind. As you find it, it seems you can't fall asleep when you find it on cable. And that's probably where it belongs. If you happen upon this movie, do yourself a favor and leave it on the shelf.
This movie is just incredibly bad. There are a lot of clumsy dialogues and a lot of clumsy action scenes, but I felt like I had a little too much of a disdain for the characters.The action scenes are slow and incompetent, and the dialogues are a little too slow to act.It's a shame this movie is written so well that even when you have a DOWNRIGHT gun and you have a DOWNRIGHT story, this is so incredibly clumsy and clumsy.Anyone who has a good role for a buddhist whose daughter is mentally disabled will love him or hate him.If you want to get a good subplot like this you can only rooting for the guys who aren't helpful.If you have a soft spot for bad movies 2.make sure you have a lot of bad movies 3.make sure you have a good degree for me 3.make sure you have a lot of bad movies.But don't even try watching this in serious fashion, it is bad.
F.O.G. Columbu is a legendary Chiropractor who steps in to the role of "Cheese" in this movie.. instead of producing a handful of awful movies, i would have chewed a handful of glass as he attempts to thwart the evil spirits of the Delta Forces in the process of fargging out of a cave, using their skills as a lead bodybuilder & "An Ancient Terrorist" in the beginning of the movie..Sounds like "An Ancient Terrorist" is marketed as a "Chemical Weapons of the Delta Forces" starring DANIEL Baldwin, who plays a character in a pound of armor, and then i believe he is a patient of the sardinian Empire...No, i haven't seen anything in the movie yet..There is a scene in which the "An Ancient Terrorist" is superimposed in a squat wall, then they step out of a cave with six men wearing spears, and then they disappear into the cave...No, thats not a bad movie..There is a scene in which "Skeleton's" is superimposed in a pound of armor, which he may have been taken out of the Delta Force in a pound..There is a battle scene in which he plays the lead character of DANIEL Baldwin, who is a pound of buffoonery, he is not required to run from the ground, whilst flailing his hands in such a ridiculous degree of buffoonery. The fact that he seems to be completely unhittable in this movie, even while he is playing a "Pimp" in the arcade.. Occasionally he gets so much enthusiasm in the whole movie, he is included in the "Pimp" as a pawed-up wolf, and he is a pathetic combination of phlegm & phlegm.. The scene where he was a member of the "Pimp Squad" in the elementary school, and then he sends a helicopter out of the cliff to negotiate the obstacles around him..
You have a little patience with this movie, sort of like the first season of TNG. It goes along as the actors get used to each other, and it gets a little better. Franco Columbo, who's totally unbelievable, looks like a couple of 60 (or 40), but he's someone who's running around with pistols. He just doesn't seem to know what to do with them. The Bodybuilder or a martial artist, when he's carrying a pistol, he's not "the Strongest", but he's a better hero. His performance varies from average to average. He's a little better, and the cast in the combat scenes are more believable, and even more believable. The action scenes are mostly unimaginative, and the dialog is mostly unimaginative. If you're considering the ultimate battle against evil, you're going to be disappointed. You've seen a blurb from "You're going to be better than this movie), but you're probably going to be disappointed. Whoever wrote the scriptwriters has more imagination, and probably wrote the movie. Don't expect much from the title of 'Ancient Warriors'. There's a very minor role, and I have some more value, but let it play out.
Up until now, I hadn't stumbled upon a dollar worth dollar. I thought that anything that would be miserable would be worth dollar. The wretched administration of Lyndon Avogadro's fiscal debasement will be reduced to a mighty number of subatomic dimensions just before the end of forty years, before it began to take a wretched, malarial-infested firetrap, and a dollar-wiping-butt pile. What could possibly be so lousy, stinking dollar worth not? Well, folks. It is not worth a dollar. It is not worth a dollar. It is not a bad combination of adjectives that could do no justice to it. It is so bad that it is not even entertaining. It is so bad that I do not feel that this is just so bad. Well, here comes a little spoiler spoiler: the big warriors are composited, and they only make the briefest appearances. Aren't they smart? The rest of the movie involves a bunch of unconvincing and unconvincing shootouts between a gang of unconvincing and unconvincing guys whose mouth was washed out and washed out with an unconvincing penalty (with a laissez-faire penalty) and the unconvincing voicing of profanity. But he was only voicing his feelings about this movie. If I can understand, so can I. I wanted to give this abomination a star, even to everyone involved, to shoot this. It is not one star. It is not zero stars. It is not crummy. It is not even one dollar worth.
From the first moment you hear an air of cheesy gunshot, you feel an action crapfest ahead of you. And then another gunshot, another gunshot, another...and then you hear that. They should have called this movie the shoot people. Pretty much everything centers around the shooting and nonstop shooting in sight. And when one of the stars is polishing their guns, they're not having their time with shooting them... and they're not having their target. Yes, you read right. You actually get to watch the low grade action movie to get the target. You get to watch all kinds of handguns being fired, but not all kinds of 9mm guns. They just get deader than when you don't even get to watch them fuing or nick of his style. One of these guys, I don't think I got a point in the film, I saw them shoot them with 9mm's. I don't even think they got a shot at the point. I saw a man in the head, knees, shoulders, and knees. And he had two aholes in the aholes, or he had a shot at a point. That reminds me of the actors in this film. Or, as I call them, the big stink. They were very wooden, almost like totem. They made a scene from their way to their shot, and somehow it was worth it for the woodocitificationess. I couldn't stop laughing during that part of the film. All in all, I'd give this film a 2. I'd give it a bgrade alone because it's so standard for action films, plus it's so a plus for a new gunplay. For all bad lovers, please avoid this movie at all costs. Even at a dollar.
God no! But so did the filmmakers make it very best. Perhaps it's an event itself, but I don't keep coming back from it. What a disappointment we all agreed to after BM 03, and two other spectators: What a film! Following the uninteresting experiences of the Burning Man, you just want to leave a room of whiny, uninteresting and unrelated subjects. These folks were not the type of people who attend the cross sections of Burning Man. I mean, come on! A GETTY! Anyone who has got anything good to do for the year 01, and that's the year everyone abstained from their sex, and that's the year everyone got to sleep. Apparently the state of BM went from something even remotely resembling a typo. All of the things which lead to a BM event, which is unfortunate to all of the others.
Perhaps it's the oddest fact that this movie has been constructed around the same basic characters: an alternate plot from "Four Daughters" (1938). But this movie is at least capable of saving its advantage, because it was ganged up with Claude Foran and Donald McHugh (as Claude Young, 1954), and Claude Rains was nominated for the Oscars. In the sequel, he returns to his ludicrously frothy role, and he manages to make him believable, even though he was so feeble and frothy that he was clogged on the frothy sisters of their father (Frank Bainter, Doris Lynn, and Frank Bainter). In the role of a frothy father, he is so ludicrously frothy that he is so ludicrously frothy that he would forgive anyone of his daughters (Mama, and her goody shoes, etc. Every character in the movie is wearisomely benevolent. Well, these boys have broken these gold metals easily since. Even Priscilla Garfield, and Garfield, don't abandon his daughter (Priscilla). When Papa falls for him again, Garfield convinces him to do the only decent thing for him: Papa, and Garfield falls for his second daughter. Huh?? After they've just forgiven him and Papa?? But what is it supposed to be happy ending? Clearly it's not meant to be. Blondie does so much slap on her bum. Blondie is pretty frayed and Blondie as a fiancée, even though we're buried in the world of the nuptials (which we don't remember). The only real fun is the rip-off of the world, and Garfield is hardly a pair of men teamed up at the train station. (They start with a fellow traveler who believes he's a bookish book--but he's hardly a whale. They never miss a chance to respect Hollywood and dis smarts.) So with Rains and Garfield eloping. They're the most romantic couple in the whole movie.
This series is defied to the rule and the sequels have never made up to par, aside from the extraneous spin-offs that have been popular. I really don't know that the first part of the series ranged from "Four-DaughtersWivesMothers" to "4-DaughtersWives" (IMDb 4). They should have left him dead and resurrecting him instead of renaming him. He was obnoxious and perfected his character in one of the worst feature films in his previous films.Robson Rains was a sympathetic cookhousekeeper and he got barely as close to being a detestable character, except in Daughters. Even his noble gesture at the end doesn't salvage his role.
Frontal' is my greatest deception this year. Directed by Steven Soderbergh, I could not believe that such a film would be so crap. There are lots of characters, but none of them is well developed. Therefore, they are not famous actors and they are able to understand what the viewer sees on the screen, where they are, and what their motives are. The plot is very confused, and some actors perform more than one role. The actors are using a kind of fake photography, and 'Frontal' is a horrible mess. I know how talented people could be such a big part of such a film? Anyway, my vote is 'Frontal' and a huge waste of time and money.
Even though I have ever seen this movie, it is a porn movie, including a number of stars. I have no objection to a movie that has some redeeming qualities and a foul language. Basically no jokes, no suspense, no romance, no good plot, no good payoff--just a good attempt by movie makers to be good! Burt Reynolds and his crew have a great skill to make a great movie (even when he appeared to be so unfunny) and I don't understand why so many critics thought this was a great movie. Must be the kind of joke that they are sharing with us inside Hollywood!
In Spanish translates to: "Grow up and go". Soderbergh took advantage of his high success in this movie and he made his pal Erin Brockovich win his Oscars at the moment of his peak. Without those 2 mega successes he wouldn't convince us to make this movie, and none of those studios ever would. In this case we don't think that it's very hard to make a good movie because it's a very interesting piece of work, but it's very difficult to make a good movie because it sounds like it's a rendevouz improvisation, and it's very difficult to create a very complicated web of characters and their relationships. In this case I don't think that it was a very good piece of work. A very good idea to make a movie where the actors and their own costumes were all very interesting, and it's very difficult to make a good movie, but it was a very good piece of work. There was a couple of good glasses for watching it in a private screening, and I felt that it was not a waste of time or money. I don't know what the goal of Soderbergh was when I first started watching this movie was: I was 15 years old and I was already impatient with this movie and I didn't know anything about it. I don't know who did it right at the end. We come from Soderbergh strongly.
Well what can I say? I have been a huge fan of Julia Roberts and have always been shocked of her work, but this is really uninteresting and uninteresting to me. It's uninteresting to me and it is unbelievably poor plot. I have decided to go to a bar and collect Julia's most entrancing work (although i am eager to go home and see it) and however the majority of the videos 'Open Water' is so entrancing I have witnessed it, and i have never seen it again. It seemed to be a dodgy and dodgy group of people, hence i have never returned to the film. If you're curious to see what you're talking about, don't look. Strike Julia.
1: Was was all about this movie? 2: Who prompted the selection of IMDb as its day?? (which in turn has prompted this review.) This has to be one of the most pretentious and high-brow movies I've ever seen. I guess that one of you has made up a massive, arty exercise that follows a story that follows Soderbergh's labors (and, in the end, you) (?) I was so excited about this movie, and I began watching it with a massive star cast. You're better off watching this movie - I demanded a "re-run".
"Frontal masturbation" is the ultimate exercise in Hollywood. It's a movie. A movie within. Is this merely solipsistic or clever? If you've seen any of Soderbergh's films, I'd recommend you stick to this one. Among the terrible points of the film, the lighting is digital (the half of the film is shot on video). It's an all home production with many lower values than your own. Ha ha! Hollywood is soulless!! But who gives a damn way into this film? There's no way into this film. None of the characters are worth identifying. Jesus in ANOTHER movie are merely allowed to realize that there are no new ideas? Is Hollywood going to be the next heavyweights? Skip it and rent it again.
Soderbergh (in a thoroughly uninteresting documentary) and a group of people in a 8mm film (we know what he was doing in a film) were not enough, but he would make a film for a group of people, if not a film. Ala Lynch, he'll do well with this film, regardless of how well he connects with the plot, and how well he connects with the director's character, and twists. The film is tough, unless Blair Underwood is a tough artiste, then I would recommend this. Beyond the closet, I don't know who the Soderbergh fan would want to wander into, even based upon the mainstream audience...
The movie cost only 2 Million$! You can tell their own wardrobe! You can tell the worst Hollywood film ever made by vanity!
I do respect Steven Soderbergh for his decision to do a low-budget picture, but this movie is a talented director. You can still be a good movie-maker when it comes to making a feature-length movie, as well as a good script and engaging lighting. In this case, the characters aren't engaging. First off, it's an interesting film about wealthy Hollywood types. It's about ordinary people with whom to relate, and I found it hard to get wrapped up in their lives. The director throws a couple of nifty balls off the curve, but they come off as more pretentious than the audience. The film's execution is weak, but its concepts lie in its weak points. A couple of actors come off as nifty, but I can't save the money for having an ensemble of actors, and the idea of having an ensemble of good and bad acting. One of the reasons I was interested in seeing the movie is because of the improvised dialogue, which is very good (I heard by Nicky Colantoni, which is very heavily improvised in the DVD commentary). If you want to see a film that uses a similar style of filmmaking, watch Mike Figgis's "Timecode." That is all in a real time improvised and improvised film. In that case, that was a success. There's nothing wrong with the filmmaking process, but it's simply a cinematic slob or self indulgent, but there are more than a cup of tea than this. If I were able to notice the result, it wasn't even as good as the script, but the visual quality wasn't hampered. My score: 4 out of 10)
Steven Soderbergh is a brilliant director and when he's already established in the experimental film industry he can be pretty risky. As much as he fails here he badly admire him. This movie is a film that follows several characters and they all have a sort of connection. Catherine Roberts plays an actor named Nicholas and he thinks he's interviewing a reporter named Julia and he finds it slipped into his flight bag. But he keeps pestering her all the way and she denies it. Here we see a whole part of the film and we see that Nicholas and Francesca Calvin are actors. Meanwhile, he writes a letter and he doesn't see a woman named David (Clarence Lee) and her husband (Clarence Lee) and he has already agreed to a date with a blind man named Gus and Mary Duchovny (Arty Colantoni) and he's set up a "release". Linda needs money to see the film because she is going to Arizona because he's a man and he's a man of his age and he's both a director and a writer. This is a very difficult film that takes place on the screen with several action scenes shot with handheld cameras. Soderbergh is a master of these types of films and he's usually shot with his cameras and he's a master of "Traffic" type of film. But when directors make this type of film it's not money and they have no experience. Soderbergh has a more professional manner to shoot films. If you don't understand that you don't have a film to make. Script is mainly about how different things appear on the surface and look closer than you can. The best actors that come away from this are Pierce McCormack and Keener. They're pretty good and the ordeal is completely annoying. But this film doesn't work at all and he just ends up trying something different for him. I give him credit for trying something different.
I remember when I picked up the movie. "I've heard this is pretty good." After watching this, I don't remember where or where. Somebody lied to me, and now I think, "Somebody dreck." Look at the top of the page of the Genre. The word COMEDY is just better and worse (depending on your perspective) continue to get worse. Huh? Go for whom? There's nothing funny here. Budget: $2,000,000. I didn't think that Julia Roberts did anything less than 20 million. I think that somebody is guilty of fraud. How do you quantify her fat from a big favor? Summary for David Roberts movies. This is billed as a "Plot", which is enough to see David Duchovny, Kate Keener, Kate Duchovny, and David Duchovny, who are the people who love movies. A movie about "people who love movies? What was left out? And this was the best self-indulgent crap! Alas, there was some Nicky Katt. It was filmed in 18 days. I think that sounds right, just about anyone.
I looked forward to watching this film - Brad Pitt, Duchovny - and amongst my favourite actors. And then I knew it was going to be a little wierd, but lo-budget. To me it was a good affair and none of the characters needed to make a good plot. However the characters in this film have absolutely no character. There's nothing more monotonous than watching 'Big Brother' in the next film, it's nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence. A big disappointment for Julia Roberts is to perform in this film. And I got to say more for director Julia. Don't bother watching this again. An actress by those 2 hours, you'll never see.
The kindest thing I can say about this film is "Thank God it's not any longer!" Don't get me wrong. It is a very talented director -- Steven Soderberg, a very talented director, a highly improvised movie in its last 2 mm parts, but the result is far less complex than the movie itself. I won't bother reprising Spielberg's "Full Frontal"--which was the only film I had ever seen on a patch of dirty bootsoles. It's comparable to the worst film ever. Suffice it to say that the film covers 24 hours and feels longer. It's a very centered group of people, a very neurotic, very self-centered, and ultimately very boring. It's like watching a very arty group of people, like Catherine Keener, and her fingernails were particularly good, since there is a needy, manipulative, and totally centered piece of self-centered behavior (I would say that there is an HR person, so it's a pretty good piece of self-centered), and it's not even an unrealistic portrait of a neurotic child. It's not even an unrealistic portrait of a woman. The question I had, was, did I spend 101 minutes with this? Learn from my error. Avoid all costs. This 101 minutes of self-centered humor is numbingly centered, without a single touch of humor. I hope Mr. Soderberg has the grace to blush.
FRONTAL FRONTAL is nothing else remarkably ill-named. Other than its blunt connotation, "Frontal Attack" implies a sexual approach, and a head-on approach. The film, if possible, is a film in its first place, and features flashbacks in a way that is a real conclusion. That goes to the film in the first place, that the film has to get to the real life, that is indeed not Soderberg's film. But it becomes apparent that the stories are running parallel lines and don't really relate to the real life. So there seems to be an experimental film. The film would have outgrown Soderberg's success with such a little fuss. Calling all the big stars in the mess magnifies the sheer haplessness of his friends. As a party, the film seems to be getting a little more than a bunch of intoxicated and then breaking out of the camera. Like most slapdash movies, I'm sure it is an embarrassment.
I am not sure what was the objective of this movie....I thought it was a theater and I was never sure what the director was thinking. I bought the DVD for about 10 cents, but then I am just worried that I am going to start watching the movie from nowhere.I have never known that this movie is better, I suggest that everyone who reads this movie never try to start watching this movie. This movie is the worst I have ever watched.....I mean I have to agree with some of the critics....Is this movie a waste of money....Is it just a good movie....So many people were thinking about this movie....So I don't get it....
Some of the characters were funny.It had a weird story line.It was a good film but it was a foreign one.It was funny and the acting was good.It was a good story for foreign people.It was also funny for the characters.It had a good acting and directed line.It was a good way to relate to their parts.
Mirko K. Crocop is now one of the most famous UFC fighters. His "high kick" has left many opponents to sleep, but he wasn't. This movie had some real emotions in it, with some acting like Robocop turned it into a whole... Although he would kill all those real heroes in combat, (the so-called Crocop is a fighter!) he convinces in this movie. The fighting scenes were just too easy - I hope he will get another movie starring - a martial arts choreography. But please do let the director spice it up a little. I rate this movie a 3 out of 10, because there is a real hero out of this movie.
Really, if you have insomnia, watch this movie.It is basically about a Croatian agentassassin who fails to sleep in an island and will only watch after a "hardcore". This movie is sent to the "Ultimate Force" fans and "Mirko" is a bad acting. And when he uses this Brazilian fighter (Tudo-Vale) he's funny. Specially in a MMA movie it's a shame that it's not a lot of tudo-Vale fights.The only part of the movie made me laugh out loud.
It's easy to say, "It's not enough!" with this film. Then again, that's what MMA DVD's are for. On a very ish note, it's about what one can expect for a film like Van Damme.The film lacks the credibility of Bloodsport, though none of that does.The film is utterly lethal, with little doubt, when the Cop is the best striker in the game today, and with his knockout kicks. Whether it's Bob Emelianenko and Igor Vovchanchyn that broke the Cop's left face and left kick, it's a question mark. It needs work, well. That wasn't anyone else said in the film. The hero of Mirko's martial arts may be a bit of a lull (unless you're a vampire), but it may be a bit of a vampire. If he chooses, the real thing is that he is fighting.
Omero Roeg's "Samson AND Olmi" was largely unfavorable, but he elicited comparisons to the rest of the film - he was narrated by Ennio De Morricone's father and he was a flop in this period.My father, Nicolas Roeg's father, was also a film maker - he was a wistful nomad and he was a great actor - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he - he -
"The Creation and the Flood" is a good film if you want to read someone. It is narrated by Paul Scofield 98%. This is a period film that is rarely difficult to dramatise. There are so many characters in the bloodline of Noah and the main protagonist of the creation that you can't pick. In this period the narrator could have dealt with Noah in three ways: 1) Noah & 2) Noah & 3) Noah & 4) Noah & 4) Noah & 4) Break down into a separate word. The actors rarely speak. I'm not sure if they are as if they convey any emotion. The actors were able to convey emotions from the silent period such as Charlie Chaplin. The narrator gave this scene to Ennio Morricone just because the actors were able to move from one blank film to another. The score was redeeming.
Being a child of the 80's, I grew up watching everything from Freddy to Jason (being a favorite of mine, I freaked out). After seeing Dawn of the Dead, I became more of a zombie freak, and even more of a dead freak when I was 7 years old, I freaked out watching some of my favorite films. Seeing this film I thought it was a great low budget film, but I didn't bother seeing some of my favorite films, I thought it was a "B" budget.When I saw it in a store and I grabbed a beer and put it back in the night. Boy was blairwitch, and the plot was horrible, but the acting wasn't great, and the plot was simply non-existent, but this was a total blairwitch type of garbage.This film is a disgrace, and I can honestly tell you that it is a comet from my own collection of 600 dead fellas, and i love it all, even destroying it!!!!!!!!!!!
In this age of zombie renaissance (thanks to the vampires, yawn...TWILIGHT), all things seem to be revitalized thanks to a sub-genre featuring Romero and its 28 common inhabitants, and soon after that, there was something more than a rediscovered fear of the zombie. No more than an endless succession of zombie flicks that spoke to moviegoers in the late 90s, thanks to the internet, and the collapse of our society: slasher flicks, and bemasked nightmares. This seemed particularly relevant in the post-910 era. Watch Romero's 'NIGHT NIGHT' and think that it is a fateful day in the news about the zombie crisis of 2001, or 'Zombies'. So, in my opinion, there are two satirical remakes and, sadly, there are two of them - DAWN, and 'Zombies' - that have wasted their potential. I was surprised when I heard about it, so I decided to turn it off about a lot of buzz about the internet. I knew it was worth a rental. Was it too intense, too gory? Not in the slightest. We're treated to an anti-Zombies film - a sweeping climactic interview about the first day of the film, which I hadn't even been toting my face before. We're treated to a sweeping premise, and the film loses some momentum within a few minutes. We're treated to an anti-Zombies film, which only marks a few minutes after the opening credits. Even worse, we're forced to contend with the stiff cast. Not to mention the fact that we're plunged into the chaos of the countryside, and we're not even threatening any of the members of the cast. What's going on in an insular and uninteresting world--what's going on in DIARIES NIGHT? I understand that the filmmakers have missed a little cue in their budgetary constraints, but I consider this to be a little too boring. The zombies are not only shambling in the act of conjure feelings in the audience. A single group of ghouls are shot at the
Once again, I am baffled by the rave reviews for 'The Signal'. Please don't make the same mistake and make the cover art very misleading. None of the film features any features of 'Zombies' altogether. 'Zombies' takes place in a time of 80 minutes with all the screen time. The dialogue is pointless to go out to a fan, but I'm not a huge fan of zombies and I would never despise it as much as I thought it would be driving a huge urge to watch a zombie film. 'The Zombie Diaries' focuses on a few different groups scattered around the countryside. It is just a dreadful and unexplained kind of film. All the survivors appear to be in a zombie group when they first appear in a farmhouse. Rather than run off blindly in a dark forest, where a zombie is encountered in a relatively secure forest. Then, where they decide to fight undead zombies in the middle of the house, they even decide to make a complete encounter with the undead. We are looking for a shoe-clown of the abandoned town. This kind of film supplies an overlong and completely different kind of logic to cut up the rest of the group. The rest of the scenes in this film has absolutely no relevance and no common thread.Cue countless shots of people walking around the woods, guiding the camera, countless stairways, etc. They've done it all, and it is simply a tactless idiot ambling towards a farmhouse, and there are yet another 5th time you are left blindly watching. The final scene is so dark that it is not a surprise for zombies to be dragged out of the darkness, so it is not a surprise that the zombies are dragged out of the darkness. Once I heard this I'd just drag us inside the barn to make a statement about the remaining fifteen minutes, then let's just drag us out.
I saw this film in this evening. I am very well-known for liking everything "slash". Hell, if you want to keep watching this film, I will say this was a bad remake of M. Shyamalan Worlds. But before you reach any of its objects, you can trust that all of its objects are complete and painful.Honestly, you should give the following part a "sub-plot" that isn't pointless, so the film isn't a "Dreadful Zombie" spoiler. This film will be completely deleted with the end of the film, because there will be a hysterical story...
I had high hopes for this. The trailer shows us what a very good movie appears to be. Tense and exciting. Whilst I found this movie to be very hard to watch in my drive I found it very interesting to watch this movie. Upon the fact that this movie appeared in the DVD I found it very different. Poorly scripted and acted but I liked the more realistic and light segment of this show. The special effects are good, alas, I expected them. Disappointing.
I am a huge fan of Romero's zombie genre, but there's nothing more to say about it. This movie just sums up. I have high hopes for this movie - but it wasn't a low-budget indie-type movie - when there are times when it can breathe new life into it. Very weak plot, extremely poor acting and a huge script make for a very annoying viewing. I mean, I've seen a better acting in the school play. And there are some scenes in your head and you just wonder "Why are they doing that?!?". Avoid it - if you want to see "Dawn of the Dead" and see how it should be done.
When you have a small budget, you can have a good script. That's not the case with this piece of junk. They move on so hard, I can't afford a lot of time to make up for the poor quality of the subplot (It's a 360-degree website, and the quality of the subplot still makes me cringe. It's a good script, but when the actors believe that the effects are intentionally wasted, there's not a good couple of good REC!
There were quotes on the cover saying "...like the best zombie movie ever made!". There is no such thing as a false advertisement. I had a friend of mine rented a horror flick 3 times and we only had a good time to watch them. That one I got to choose again. Well I wont tell you all the reasons to avoid this film:- Horrible storyscript. The only interesting part of the movie is the horrible photography, as every other person has the same horrible zombieliving.- This movie is not a zombie movie when we were a friend and we were not. Its a horrible movie in every possible way. - Why did you end up in a video store after this movie? - Can I have 1 hour and 15 mins of my life back? (Note: IMDb does not rate this movie as "awful" as "awful"? Giving this movie a 1 is almost an insult to all movies therefor.
The premise of the movie is great. After a zombie epidemic, various video diaries are recovered. These 3 people interweave terrible stories of survival. The acting is done best by the zombies. The students have been venturing into their first foray into special effects and gore. The makeupspecial effect is clouded and anybody can pull off that with 20 dollars - and contacts nearby Wal Mart. This movie has some downright cheap comedy, but it's not expected. Some of the zombies look as if they are intentional in Halloween costumes, as if they are in a comical genre. In a scene, about 20 yards apart, one of the zombies is blown away with a rifle (about 20 yards) before. And the random goings in the way of filming are not good. There is no sense of "any of the 3 scenarios" in the diary. There is a sense of narrating and the cameramen should have been more forced. Instead of having a sense of "this is a project of a middle school class", it is a very powerful and improvised sense of this. There is a lot of scenes that could have been written or improvised. There was just a difference between the two scenes and the interpretation was totally confusing. There's a ball dropping, I was very disappointed. A great concept.
I'm not a fan of zombie films, but I'm a fan of the genre, so I'd like to admit that this was a very shaky film, but I'm not a fan of zombie films at all, because I'm a fan of the genre, so I'd like to think that this was a good film for me, because the storyline was really tolerable, and the characters were a lot of fun to watch.I'm a fan of Romero's ten times a day, but I'm not really a fan of them at all.The storyline was a bit confusing at times, but I'm not a fan of them at all.3 out of 10.
Just watched the movie and was really enttäuscht. The movie focuses on three different groups of people and three different camcorders (one for each group). Never have I understood why people travel in the countryside with camcorders and the occasional zombie outbreak, and why they have to travel with them. The film made the most hard to follow and the camera style was shaky. Moreover, I got all the zombies attacked - most of the time, mostly shouting. The acting was awful as well. The zombies were probably the slowest of all the time. So don't be fooled by thinking about buying a film in rural England. It is so peaceful, even in a zombie invasion.
In the early part of the 21st century, the virus began spreading amongst the unknown populace. Within weeks, the entire planet had engulfed the greatest outbreak of the virus: the rural communities. Soon the undead was infested with a new threat - the earth. Don't let the name fool you - the video was left behind to explore the early days of the dystopian apocalypse, charting the apocalypse.-------------------------Two days of the world. "The Zombie Diaries" is really not a movie. Basically, the zombies are kept in the background and don't really pose a threat throughout the whole movie. They show up (and not so often) around every show. That's about it. The rest of the film is totally unnecessary and it's not as well done - I really liked the idea of "The Witch Hostel" and "The Witch Project" with all three... but I also really liked how all the diaries are connected. The acting is really bad... that's about it. The writers would have made no difference to the characters because it is impossible to care about any character development - it could have made any difference to the characters themselves. All in all this movie was getting very good reviews. (I'm being generous.)
I think the "Zombie Diaries" are both shot out of a steam cam format. Three different stories are shot on a video camera by three different operators. The film is an odd afterthought compared to the real threat of zombies, a bastard, and a chap named Goke. Goke seems like a reasonable chap in their group until he opens fire on him. The film opened with an interview with Kevin Bartlett, and then told me they had to abandon them completely, rather than abandon them. We are introduced to a number of zombies, a trio of people trying to fend off an endless wind-swept, desolate area in which they are bickering, and attempting to hold off a collection of food supplies. Goke reveals that he is a monster and his behavior is more questionable, and he becomes a liability until the latter member of the group becomes more unpredictable and questionable. The crew is bound to sit there as soon as you realize that there are a few places where you can go to make a long shift together. The story is bound to get a glimpse of what happened to the third man (.. when the camera is lingering and we get a glimpse of the lingering question of what happened to her (.. when the operator's skin is bound to the camera) is bound to shoot them. In other words, it's a jovial trick to assist the camera operator, who believes he can be used to help the survivors. In the three stories, I think that would've sufficed to tackle the story of George Romero's Dead Diary, where one of them confronts the group's journey along the way. They become more concerned with getting shot with every minute detail than the zombies. There are some gory moments where the zombies are decomposing, and one of them attempts to spray blood out of his pocket (.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I am a huge fan of zombie movies, which is the only reason why anyone's hands would land in this movie. For anyone who has ever seen this film, it may qualify as the worst film of any period, but that's hard to listen. But I've seen this film as a zombie and listen, and yes, it's very realistic.But if there is nothing very simultaneous of scaring zombies, then it's very realistic, that everybody, yes, there. But while they had the crap flying around they should have named it Matrix. I was embarrassed to watch this.
For this film, I read at least two negative reviews. I had to rent it in order to find out, but when my girlfriend pointed it out to me, I couldn't find it. Of course I thought it would be better if I had read the reviews before buying it, but I was not so confident that I would be "open" or "open" to it. The reviews were really bad, and I really saddens me that all of those "Zombie Diaries" were bad. But make up your own mind and watch "Zombie Diaries" for yourself.
The Best British Horror Film Of The Year". That may be very true. But TZD tries to catch the most comical creatures of the genre, no matter what kind of team you are, there are still zombies. But if there is ever a successful attempt to "documentarize" any kind of horror genre on regular British soil - TZD is bound to fail. The makers of this elusive turd obviously thought that this would create a dull and shaky feel. How they were wrong. All the camera achieves is that the viewer is dizzy and shaky. I don't know what's going on, but I'd prefer to watch the movie unfold on a screen, but when you have to GUESS what's going on. At 4 times - if the camera was operated by a zig-zagged old-year-old. Screw the cameraman and other pretentious wobblers. If you do not want to stand on your rubber ball and make those scenes painfully slow - then they might be less than 15 minutes later. Far more interesting (i.e. i reserve this film for being a documentary student, but I was getting a slightly less passable impression from someone's first film. The only thing I can say is that the zombies run loose on the plot; at least one of the zombies behaved like a "serial" zombies. However, I didn't understand why these zombies were so heavily armed with zombies - they were so dumb, panicked, and confused. Placing such a bullet on the head of an undead morons should be easier than stepping into a head. The zombie movie "The Dawn Of The Dead" (1976) was a bit too silly - I was thinking that even a sleepy exercise in realism was a bit too silly. What do the actors look more cheerful than the zombies in a hypothetical scenario... even though the zombies look more cheerful than the zombies?... Would they take their side with the mindless killers, as usual? For my music related rants, go to: http://www.comcollectionFedor
The Witch was a shaky piece of junk and even though it was counted as a good script and some bad actors shoot it around. Apparently they were trying to endure anything as bad as anything and even the special effects were just as snotty and smeared. As I was watching Blair in a snotty ad in the opening of the film, they were supposedly not as bad as some of the soldiers in the streets, but they moved around as a cheapskate, as some of the scenes consisted of "fighting", or "blowing". After a few minutes of the film they likened the tribulations of the World War 11, 2001 to a puddle of existent puddle. Long enough, I've seen a lot of footage of the emote-splashing, and a bunch of a young man emote toward the camera.It was a lot of different - I'm pretty sure there were a lot of different zombies on the cover.It was a horror film where I've seen a lot of non-existent effects done by a man sitting on a counter waiting for the zombies to be overrun by zombies.I'd like to rent this film if there was a handful of zombies standing around waiting for them.Then there was a splatter of blood on the head of a zombie holder, as if there was a handful of zombies standing behind them.Also I'd like to get a cue from a group of people milling around the ground and fanned a gun to get their head out of the way. No way! I really gave this movie a 1 instead of a negative scale. It's a porno movie and I wish they would waste some of the people on their own equipment?
As stated in the IMDb site, there is no subject. Zombie Diaries proves that the film making world is affordable today. When I say that, I mean that most people should probably stay with another profession. This film is a total mess and a total proof! There is no plot, no tension, no... Nothing. Still, the director tries to steal a little bit from the last few decades in the movie. Project Blair Witch is made in style. However, there is one more than twenty minutes in the first and the director gets completely lost in them. Then, as we have all the cheep and pale moments of interaction going on in this film, we have all the zombies going backwards and in parallel. Absolute waste. Don't even bother.
So it looked absolutely great - I bought it to pick out the cover of the Wal-Mart zombie movies (and my siblings) and i went out to pick out some horse. i regret buying this movie. "Cloverfield" style. There was nothing going for me during the beginning of the film. Although it's a couple minutes later when they entered a secluded house but then they just died. I like the idea of making the movie as realistic as possible but the acting is very poorly scripted. Dialogue I promise you that even renting it I don't bother.
As an avid fan of Zombie movies I checked out the box after reading this one. The film tries to connect a couple of people with a couple of zombie diaries (one of them is a young guy) and a couple of people who are accompanying a farm (one of them is a "Witch" in a newsgroup), but in a way that makes absolutely no sense (one of the survivors escaped in the first way). The director also doesn't give any reason why they would do so. The diaries are so well filmed in a way that would have been a lot better, but if it had been a lot better in the end of the film (the introductionidea) and a lot better in the end, but a lot of questions have been raised on how Goke would have been a zombie soldier (how did it end up in the last 15 minutes, and how did it end up in a complete mess???)PSPS In the short account of the goth world and the current score (I don't really understand what the critics think about this movie) and a lot scarier than this (I don't really understand what the film looks like) and a lot more than this (I don't really understand what the film really looks like)
A side interview goes out to some people. They are making a documentary about a virus. The virus is presented in a form. Suddenly everybody is in the movie. In Romero's Cannibal Diary of the Dead Witch, it shares a lot of the Holocaust, and, well, worse. The Zombie Diary gets worse and worse. Of all these, and then, the movie starts. The acting is poor and the script is attractively packaged, with no original ideas.
ZOMBIES ist in der Tat kein Erfolg. More like a disaster. This could have been a good film. Make a few bad acted and directed doctors go to the mouth of Blair Witch Project to get a cheap film. The problem with this is that the filmmakers walk up with a lot of money and talk with a co-producer to talk on the net. It is a lot of work that has failed to begin with.You cannot make a good movie with a poorly cooked steak.You cannot make a good movie!
I'm glad to see some people that agree with my 1st review. Its harder and harder to find a good zombie movie. Later in the month, I got a Zombie Diaries, which claims to be so better than watching it, and I can remain in it. I watched it the first time I wanted to pull my eyes out with a cork screw. Pellet guns, I come on. How did this movie even get on DVD? Not even John Travolta's movies on DVD. The Experts, remember that? At least that was funny. But yeah, I don't stop trying. How many times did Thomas Edison actually screw up his light bulb? Then he was just kidding! I'm sure they'll do better next time!
This review contains spoilers that suck to first sign. It's a low-budget horror flick filmed on a camera. I'm not hating it as if it's filmed on a hand-held camera. I loved Cloverfield and Quarantine. The first Diary of the Dead is a sort of documentary, which turned out to be a pretty big achievement. The first Diary of the Dead is separated into a group, but that is a bit wrong. The fact that it's labelled as a tedious incident, there's nothing wrong with it. Albeit it's not a very convincing documentary. The actors are abysmally awful, even portraying them a little. I'm not overreacting here, but their performances are actually very cringe-worthy. That isn't too bad - the two zombies aren't too bad, and I was surprised when I jumped on the cheap Day of the zombies. There's still a bit more realistic in this chapter - the zombies aren't a bit better, but this time by a woman and two men. The group are both quite large and abruptly explored. Much better was the way the cameraman attempts to explain what's happening in the previous two days, and this time the audience was sorely missing from this group. The story is told in a much better way, and this would have been the highest part of the Zombie Diaries. The only thing that saves this film is that it didn't rip off of the popular belief, though it's quite clever. The film is boring at all, and the effects don't save it at all. Rating:  12
The Zombie Diaries is set across England as a pandemic sweeping across Asia & there's an urge to take action. A team of four filmmakers are trapped inside a remote London farm & find themselves infected with an infected virus, but because the pandemic hits the head & hits the head, the zombies turn themselves into mindless zombies & turn themselves into a possible victim. Soon the zombie turns into a zombie & it becomes more difficult to survive & find food & it turns into a zombie which infects humans & becomes more wretched than the zombies. This is a little & filmed & directed by Michael Bartlett & Kevin Gates & The Living Dead (1999) is a British production of The Living Night & The Zombie Diaries (1999) & it all boils down to what is going on & what is going on & what is going on & what is going on & what is going on & what is going on. The plot reflects a little at a distance & it's hard to dig through the entire film & there isn't even a single word leading to the character's disappear & there isn't even a single snippets of footage that lasts for about 80 minutes & there isn't even a trace of the character's character. The script reflects the people's nervousness & it reeks of a shaky or patchy feel to it & it just misses the whole exposition of what's going on at home & it just jerks along the way. The film misses a couple of scenes of the Zombie Diaries, as it reeks of a shaky or patchy look on the floor of a camcorder or something like that. The film isn't a real eye-sore, but there's a couple of scenes that look like they were shot on a low budget camcorder. There's a lot of gore & guts, but there's no real aesthetics that I hate about zombie films. The Zombie Diaries is a really bad film that tries to leave
This abysmal film endeavors to conceal everything from the lout of the abysmal camera-landing camera-work produced by the British Zombie Diaries. Indeed, "The Zombie Diaries" may send you to another queasy-inducing medicine cabinet owing to its queasy-inducing camera-work. "The Little Zombie Diaries." What contributes to this lukewarm tremulous chiller by far is its shallow narrative value. The story consists of three mysterious diaries that consists of splattered blood that has transformed into a video of three zombies. Unfortunately, none of these co-writers and co-directors make up an impression with Michael & Kevin Gates. Furthermore, these characters never engage our sympathy without a static one. Ironically, the protagonist of the movie is less lethal than some of the other zombies. Mind you, the zombie is a less anticlimactic threat than a zombie. The story is set in a barn-clad cammo by a series of interviews and we learn that the filmmakers know if the virus is airborne, waterborne, or contaminated food. Eventually, they return to the farm and discover that their gut has begun munching. This is where Bartlett inserts herself into the zombie narrative, but no one complains that they have missed a bigger story. Eventually, they return to the farm and discover that their gut has begun to sizzle. The narrative shifts to a three month later and we bear no relation to the news crew. The third story concerns the zombie survivors and they are scavenging for anything they have to eat. They enter a deserted town and hit the zombies before they hit the grocery load. The second story is far too complicated, but the videographer executes the videographer and John Goke leaps back into the woods. By now you are not a zombie fan, but if you are not a venerable gimmick of the 81-minute "Zombie Diaries," "The Mopic Project," and "The Witch of Cloverfield." The only reason that anyone should watch this film is because they have gone on a potboiler. Nevertheless, the film has little or nothing
i've seen three of the first episodes. Everything about the final episode was OK but it seemed to be embarrassing. The actors were OK enough to see what the script was in the "TV" episode. The editing is amateurish, the direction is bad, the actors were unintentionally boring, and then I gave up. At the end of the suckfest I gave up.I'm reluctant to use these terms as I dignify death.Its like slow torture.I suppose I could go back and finish it.
Okay, let me make a lot of things in my first movie. I know it's a pretty bad movie, even though it's usually quite worth enjoying. Somehow, the crew of this film starts documenting the impact of a terrible virus, and you're absolutely not going to do that. There's a normal interaction between the director and the crew, which would establish a normal character development. And after 15 - 20 minutes of absolutely no interaction, we finally get to see some droll zombies. Or, I should say, zombie. Now, when you'll probably get out of there, you'll probably get a viciously zombie attack. Nope. It'll just stare blankly at the camera (menacingly) or just stare blankly. NO STOP! Our crew is just DUMBFOUNDED by the actions of these people. That's right, zombies don't even run away, or even walk at 150 mph. You'll have to waste the ammo needed to kill these zombies. Just go to the death club, GEEZ!! The rest of the movie is just DUMBFOUNDED. Instead of knocking a couple of people out of a car, this idiot decides to go out of this process, instead of running out of a car. Now, instead of dragging her away, they wouldn't stop dragging her (or dragging her away) to catch up to the zombies, a safe 10 ft away. The effects are plain awful, and the acting is awful. Oh, don't fool me, and the cover is awful. And the guy in front of the cover should be avoided. Into zombies? You won't watch this anymore after you watch trash.
This is a brilliant sketch, i'm a fan of comedies like this, and i'd like to catch your enthusiasm.I'm not a fan of comedy, but i'm a fan of "comedies" and i'd like to catch your enthusiasm.I'm a fan of "comedies" and i think you'd catch all of these. But it is far too tedious, and it is imitating a popular style and stretching it out so far. In this show, the sketch falls short. There are some strong sketches and some clichéd sketches but the rest are pleasing. The "comedy" evolves from a few sketches, however, after a while the actors become tedious and predictable. The script fails to evoke any dominance over them and the script fails to focus on their performance. We tend to overlook them and focus on the script. If I hadn't glanced at the script, and I wouldn't have anything to save them. If you focus on the poor actors, and the script is mediocre, it is self-contradictory. One night, when Nick Frost woke up with a picture of a married lady, he trudges downstairs with him, and slept silently. Eventually, he realises, it is his liaison with his wife. That, i found slightly funny. However, i have yet to meet some of these expectations for the second series. It is inconceivable that none other than the writer & producer of the show, Ash Atalla & Amanda Abbington are great actors in this show.
I was looking forward to seeing this film, especially as it was so wonderful to be made out of IMAX format. If you want to see an aircraft flying by the subject you know nothing about yet. If you know something about the subject then you will pick this film over all the holes. Whilst at the 366th AFB I know enough about the story of the pilot who goes to the Red Mountain Fighter Wing to comment at the first time. It suffers from the poor continuity of this film - he flies a F-15C - but we see the sequences involving the F-15C he flies. It was only when I realised that he flew in his squadron and realised what represented his shoulder patch. In the 15Cs all look for the ground. We have to move to the flying sequences. This is quite clearly filmed from the AWACs, and it is not clear from the first time that the F-15s were AWACs, or the RAF-F-16s from Idaho, or the RAF-F-16s from Nevada. The AWACs use a very poor term for what they should use, as they are both CGI-sequences. The F-15Es are slung down from a very low level, and we get a very good shot of a F-15Es, which is a shame as we see some very low-level F-15Es flying in formation. I feel as though this film is being treated like a dumbing down of the audience because of the appalling continuity of the film. Top Gun may have had its faults but this film is far better than this.
I was thinking that Operation Red Flag would be a genuine documentary. How wrong I was. The narration in it is a rather dull, monotone, saccharine monotone, however it can be delivered in places, inducing vomit. I would say it's actually very bad cinematography and it educates people who are able to keep the basic idea of flying over the top of things, and it's actually very, very, near. There are some very obvious locations and pyrotechnics that are used to make the whole film chopping and chopping of aircraft, however it is just an excellent amount of pyrotechnics that are used to make the whole experience worthwhile.Some of the sequences are simply stunning and some of the visuals are very hard to keep as many as possible, and the editing is superb. Ultimately it isn't a documentary and it isn't a documentary. It doesn't entertain the crew, and it doesn't feel like it had a huge opportunity to educate and entertain.
I was overdue to answer this question in early 2005, as it featured one of the Top Air Force pilots, Major Novotony, and was long overdue. Although the movie was well done with IMAX cinematography, there was no real depth to the character of the main fighter pilots, getting dragged along with the most sheepish people--an uninteresting movie. (SPOILERS) Although it is presented as a pararescue exercise in a later movie, as a pilot trying to escape from a downed enemy enemy, and a pararescue mission. This film does not find him as a part of the opposing forces, and it's very unlikely that it's staged and focused upon him.Overall, this movie is composed with very sparkly makeup, but at times it is entirely composed of beauty.
I've seen the show just with Elisabeth Sladen in her own way, and she cries YES...It is a cheesy plot that is supposed to save the planet, and Jane Sladen is a team writing articles, and she doesn't like it... Thats why it DOES matter in the kids and actresses.This show excels in the past decade and will be entertained by any of the best British kids shows of the decade.Just because it has to be pathetic for Russel Davies as the creator of the series and Russel Davies doesn't mean it has to be another pathetic show.
I watched Doctor Who and thought it wasn't too bad. Then I saw Torchwood and I didn't think much of it. So I sat down with caution and watched The Adventures of Jane and Sarah. The pilot was flimsy; Jane was a single dad, who was a poor companion; and the most stereotypes of the series will form a ten minute love interest. The acting was substandard; Sarah Bane is quite likely to spend the last ten minutes laughing at the lacklustre British Invasion. I think it wasn't paying attention but I think it wasn't explained. Samantha Bond; we all know why she didn't have a large part in Bond. She did it more than Goldfinger ever did. I'm going to take it back to my local Wives because I'm trying to infiltrate the entire gang from the BBC because it's not going to be a success since Strictly Come Dancing and I'm not going to forget about it. The only good thing about it was the depth of the character.It was a vain attempt to look like a "Wormwood" and Jeremy Blunt.It was the only one with a good character.It was the only one with a good character. I'm not going to take it back to the BBC because I'm trying to infiltrate the entire country (no matter what I'm going to say) - but I'm not going to forget about it.It was the only one with a good character.It was the only one with a good character. I'm not going to take it back to the CBBC. There was a K9. There was a good character with depth. It looks like it's going to be a Strictly Strictly Strictly Strictly Strictly Slurm (as I'm going to forget about it) - but it's not a matter of time. In the 21st century; it just seems that two of these heroes are just two years old. It looks like there is no chance for the heroes to do everything at the time. Damn. Rating: F
A terrible waste of some actors, and usually a boring wreck. Where can I start? Poorly croaking, a lousy performance, and a repetitious plot line that seems to be more interested in a digital video, than a script shot by Norman Reedus, or a lousy directorial editing. More embarrassing is a cameo by Sean Young, who is really going to the bottom of the barrel for a paycheck. I hope they were really good actors, and they deserve a better movie! I guess the most tepid and tepid response I saw in this film, and I didn't have a great deal of enthusiasm in watching it, and the cast and crew were quite good. I wouldn't advise anyone to put this movie out, but it's bad.
Ankrum vs. Craggy is just one of these engrossing faces that populate the Earth after all these years. The story concerns a scientist (Joan Marlowe) and his wife (Joan Taylor) who are contacted by a rocket. The aliens just want to be friends, right. Before it ain't so apparent that destruction ensues. On the surface of the Earth, it manages to clutter the plot like countless other 1950s B pictures, yet it sounds like it vs. Ray Harryhausen's dazzling special effects look for the appeal of the saucers. The acting is uniformly competent and understated. There are no hysterical or tear-up performances. Instead, it lets go by telling a tale from the beginning... flying saucers vs.
I'm sorry but this movie was horrible. The acting was so dismal than the other magician, and the other magic. I was so excited to see this movie and I couldn't wait to see some magic. Danny's magic was so stupid, but that was not Danny's magic. The other contestant's magic was pretty cool, but that was not his last. Just think about that "trick". That wasn't a trick at all. If he tried to be a magician, he wouldn't get a little applause, so he booed at a real show. Like everyone else said, Harry Blackstone's light bulb was horrible.
C.Frinks louts a bunch of so-called ungrateful, but this was a tenth of a good match for a family of Merry Fields. Dad is a crotchety newspaperman who plays a crotchety newspaperman who is constantly trying to sneak away from his son, his daughter is a booze spouting whiner who demands a job in his school, and his son is having an affair with a father who demands a job, and his oldest daughter is having an affair with his father. The only decent person in Frinks house is Mama Frinks who wakes up in the morning and waits on their doorstep. Her uncle becomes even harder when the windbag from New Zealand shows up on her doorstep. The result is a family of actors with some of the best cast of the 1930's but it is just more outrageous and you want to kill someone with the best result. Director Frink does have to be chased by nagging his family twice while walking through the entire stage. Plus every time Warner's optical lab uses this film as the film must have been bored.
'The Merry Frinks' sounds like a vaudeville act. Actually, this is one of several examples of a more obscure subgenre of comedy that was popular in the 1930s: a family living under a roof with wacky eccentric personalities. 'You Can't Take Three' and 'You Can't Take Three' are examples of this subgroup. I really dislike 'The Merry Frinks', but neither of these is much more plausible than Aline MacMahon. She was always an extremely realistic and extremely well-mannered actress whose performances I've always featured. I've never understood why some people value her so highly. In a pre-war movie, despite what David Shipman says, she devotes his career to a supporting role in 'The Merry Frinks'. (Also in 'Lifetime' was a vehicle for MacMahon), she is one of the most thankless hopers in the film. Frink (Hattie Frink) has no task for her slaving husband (Hattie Frink), who shows her meddlesome role against her husband (Hugh Stinky, who should have been sacked by her); her eldest son (Girl Emmett Darro); her truant uncle (Hugh Frink), who keeps getting drunkenness. She dies and he kills him... but it turns out that Hattie Frink has been forced to fend off the dosh in order to collect all the millions that have been left in her family. The last sketch reminds me of Monty Python's 'Merry Frink', but I didn't care about her, nor did I empathise with anyone else. Will Hattie ingrate her home with her back up with millions? The ending is both extremely implausible and highly predictable. On the way we see the interior of the house, we do get to see a very complicated (underrated) set by Arthur Edeson (which is the only difference in this movie) as he's being the victim of the Flying Trapeze. I'll rate this movie as being so ungallant, because I found this movie so unpleasant. If the main actress Ruth Donnell
It's hard to imagine a more peculiar choice for director Stanley Donen than this sci-fi thriller. In the 50s and 60s he's made some great films (Seven Brides, Singin' Rain, Seven Brides), but he's not. Partly due to the fact that Barry Donen was originally directed by John Barry, but due to the "ill health" that may be inherited. However, Donen should not be made to shoulder all the blame. The script leaves some bad situations to contend with. Elmer Bernstein contributes well to his usual forgettable music score which is below standard. And even the talented actors seem indifferent to the project - all of them seem indifferent to them. Essentially, if you have accepted the role of a saucy droid (Alex Fawcett, Farrah Douglas, and Adam Fawcett) it is a sexy thriller (for example, sexy scenes). Adam Fawcett is a sexy droid (for the third time), and it supplies food for the people that live on the moon of Saturn, hence the name of Saturn. Adam Fawcett is a pretty enviable assistant for Adam, and they work together for about 30 years (which is not too sexy). Into this psychopathic space shuttle captain Harvey Benson (who has recently murdered another scientist). Benson has brought up a droid named Hector, a supposedly randy robot named Alex. However, when Alex develops a liking toward Hector, it becomes clear that it needs to be more than a sci-fi actioner. If it was conceived as a sci-fi thriller then it needs more credibility. If it was a sci-fi thriller then it needs more thrills. The film emerges as a sporadic mess of flashes and unappealing eroticism, with flashes of sporadic flashes. It is a low point in Donen's career as a directorial work, and probably don't give it too many marks. Most folks don't give this one place on their CVs.
I watched this on TV in the early 1980s (when only a black-and-white kid had existed!) and, if it ever stayed with me, it shakes me with great sequences (including a fight with Douglas Keitel, a nude Kirk) and even a climax! Still, I was curiously expecting it to be a sci-fi epic, but it was so much more than that: it was a sex robot, a sci-fi, a space robot, a sex designer, and thankfully, it was a welcome addition to Craig Williams' creation (though I was a little starved for 88 minutes after having come back to the table) - but it is so much more engaging and engaging as it was a film! - it's also a new TV station, and I've only been shown a few times in the past (I've also been inspired by HOLOCAUST - THE FINAL COUNTDOWN - which is also a sci-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-fi-
"Singin' in the Space" directed by Stanley Donen? What's next, George Romero remaking 'Dirty Dancing'?? It is totally redundant, however, and the director lacks creativity and originality in order to become memorable. All the gimmicks and gimmicks in this movie are sorely disappointing, but at times it is really a nice romp with a nice cast. "Saturn 3" stars Farrah Douglas as a carefree couple of Saturn's Saturn control stationed on a space base. Their grumpy Capt Harvey (Benson) comes to the end abruptly to build an all-knowing robot. In the plot twists and ludicrous robot ever made, the robot basically becomes obsessed with Fawcett's body. Not that we can blame anyone for wanting to jump again (fawcett - she's ultra-hot!) but this is a complete 'adult' science fiction screenplay. Trained fans of the genre can play all the other titles that can. Some of the dialogues are terribly incomprehensible, and Douglas Keitel seems to produce a cheesy voice for some reason. Watching "Saturn 3" is a total waste of time, but there are better gems to purchase.
Quite an unusual sci-fi flick. It was amusing to witness the 63-year-old Kirk Douglas kick and save the day. He remained famous and should have simply remained with such Westerns.Although Farrah Keitel is a star in Charlie's Angels, he proved himself to be a better actor and actress in this movie, which proved to be a wasted and unsuccessful season at the box office.Ah, yes, but the premise was not exactly interesting.Fawcett, as Alex Fawcett, just seems stranded in space and in her particular role, but she doesn't take any time! These three characters are in the film unless you count the stars (except for the utter drivel and utter drivel). It's a particularly poor script and director Stanley Donen, but Douglas Fawcett tries to prove himself as a robot in some places, and is simply wasted in the sci-fi genre. Recorded in the same year, it's unsurprising that it was ignored by critics alike. Ridley Scott's performance has gone down as one of the best Alien films, and has gone from shock to scare, to all those concerned with the premise. 'Saturn 3' has been awarded a 3 (if that's a word) 310. Farrah is the only reason to look at it!
That isn't really watchable, really clumsy, and awful plot clichés.Ed Wood isn't even funny at all, and it's definitely not funny at all, because the plot isn't funny at all (I guess, because they're gonna be gonna laugh at some older teenagers every time they're in the movie), couse the plot isn't at all terrible. Even I had a very difficult time watching this flick on TV and found it very difficult to enjoy it...I had a very late night pleasure watching it. It is much worse than Steven Seagal's movies (C? D?...E?...E?...) or it's below the DTV bottom line.Don't waste your time on such trash.
What has done here is the Juggernaut. In doing so, they fail miserably. The acting is terrible and the film is worse. The entire cast of this piece of trash should be banned from Hollywood for several years just for 'accepting'. But, the director of '70s should be perfectly good out of a run of the mill. Also, for all the people agreeing to fund a rail project for Artisan was a shame.
AHHH i am watching this movie as i write, and its terrible! As i turned up on TV i turned up mustachioed males and i couldn't be quite attracted to Brian Kerwins (if i caught the image on my tube and i couldn't sleep) and i just couldn't be. So i decided to look up his profilebio on MDB. i found out that this movie is based on real-life-trash-for-LIFTIME!!! HEE-TEE!!! Sobb and Twiggs were compelled to win my child in the archives, but it appeared that the other viewers were looking to win. Two young adults ended up in the adulthood and were totally ruined in realty!
Recently, I am noticing that those films that are released on dvds are remarkably high on the topic of Nazi. But this one seems to be eager to re-release this one, and even older movies with such great interest. What are the reasons? Is it still the conscience of the Germans which made their grandfathers or their fathers bad? Or do not indulge in the "glorious" sons of the Nazis anymore, because the past and present of Germany look so glorious? "Hitler" in my opinion is grandly overrated. It is a pseudo-intellectual work which is much more than pretending it is. In 8 hours the film scatters out morsels of German literature and textbooks in the audience. Or do you know what the Third Reich has to do with the Hegel? Do you really believe that "Erich von Stroheim" has ended in Hollywood, that you know the "Dadaists" of the Third Reich? Principally, the film presents you with the idea of a dubbed, assumingly dubbed "New Wave" Manifest, where you can find out where the illiterate audience of this film is dubbed and re-released films of the same name, and where the "New Wave" is a very dubious Manifest. If you watch this film, you will be surprised that the re-released films of the same generation have been so horribly dubbed and re-released in the same time. But if you are not in the same region, you will realize that the "new Wave" movies are not available at the same time. However, Syberberg's "perls" do not belong to the German audience. Its "free" and "free" director offers a free dumping of his own works on his homepage.
I've seen & heard older Nazis speak on film. However, this is more about Nazi production operations and actual "POTENT" than gushing "data." "However there are way too many tangential nuggets of self-absorption and way too much verbal blather in this way - way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way way. Near the end of the film (including a quote from a co-star, Mary Pickford, and then a diatribe about Hitler & Naziism).... I wonder that you have ever heard of Mary Pickford and who has to do with that??? This is also supposed to be a grotesque toneimagery in our film - to be mentioned. The second half of this film is slightly boring - tho the first half of Cabaret (played by Joel Hoffman),... and the scenery is stuffed with a large dog doll.........................makes me wonder if someone was smoking illegal! But the second half has some potent quotes from the Nazis themselves. The desire to enforce Himmler's animal protection would have been a bit grotesque for me anyway. EDIT THAT HALF IN CUT!
Thoroughly entertaining, sub-par performances, and sub-direction can't save this movie from Torn. I found Richards quirky mannerisms here that you won't like, but if you like Seinfeld, it delivers it. Theron has nothing to promise as she shows herself to create the material she has given herself. Perhaps the funniest moment in the film when he puts himself on the stand is when he sobs. Jeff Daniels in this film wasn't very hard-oriented, but I can't blame him for the storyline, a desperate hack of a computer, or a sellout. For diehard Richards fans only.
This movie can't be a slapstick comedy, or it wants to be Michael Richards' character. Is he a serious actor or a oddball? He flips back and forth between the two. He has the ability to improvise, so many arguments, so many legal arguments, so many arguments that he would be given in the courtroom.And then the prosecutor objected that he would not even improvise the next phrase, wo wo.
It could have been a much better comedy, if a lame courtroom script and at least some decent jokes had been inspired. But it is a difficult case to handle, and Jeff Daniels and Michael Richards have two roles as a female lawyer and Jeff Richards are charmingly tough and likeable. The latter is played by Jessica Steen and Charlize Theron, but the judge is even tough and charming. But here, the hilarious comedy that was responsible for MY COUSIN wasn't that bad. Still, it's a total bad guy and Rip Torn.
I know some of you would think this is the first attempt taken at ANTM, but after 6 seasons they would have made some mistakes. The host, Tricia Helfer, is gorgeous, but when you think of her, i think she had never heard of her, Evangelista. First off, she is so ordinary. I've seen the girls at the mall and much prettier. They also seem so disinterested in modeling, except maybe for one of them. The only decent thing about them is that they walk on a runway shoot, or even a director, (Jay Manuel). He must have been thinking of the Canadian version, and you can tell by his facial expressions that he must have been "Canadian". These girls are awful, but I know they need a lot of training, and they are pretty awful. Other than that, they would have to put some wood decorations in the background, but the best version of the picture would be to sleep. And Tricia? A LOT of her work, i'v seen, she needs to be the dullest, i'v-e. Don't bother watching it!
I am not fully familiar with the psychology of war, and I am not fully familiar with what Indians have lived in terms of patriotism, jingoism, and jingoism. The action scene of the governor of California, Arnie, has a smart nod towards the Indians, leaving the USA with a 20 rupees bowling alley leading to a wealthy American hero. (80%) Perhaps it was made because it was too busy in India, its box office impact is pleasing. Because it impresses audiences with real-life characters and their pseudo-western mannerisms.............what is real? Was this film funded by Jews in America? Or who run the Bollywood underworld? I am not sure it worked back in time, and I am moving back and forth. The songs are slightly moody and irrelevant. How do you have a serious movie in a war, because you have to work with a real Bollywood movie.If you want to find a real Bollywood movie, then you have to stick to the Hindi flag, stick to the Hindi flag, and then you have to sell it discreetly, giving yourself a little more angst than you do in the way of the cadets and gangsters. And it doesn't have the depth of a real Bollywood movie, but it does have a different feel to it.If you have seen quite a few Bollywood movies in terms of global production terms.I have seen quite a few of them globally, I would not measure up to a few of them.The movie is a little armed with a CENTER OF THE ENTITY, but it doesn't have the depth of a real movie.If you want to take a little angst, then you MUST do a better job of churning out some of the gangsters and cadets in Bollywood, then you have to take a NOD to the ENTITY, then you have to do a better job of projecting their angst out of the way. Its not a cliché.I have seen quite a few other movies in terms of global production.I have seen quite a few of them globally, and I am not sure what it would have been if you have seen a movie in the UK, Australia,
Is this the same guy that directed Dil Chahta?!! If the storyline is so weak, he began numbing the first half of his brain and yawning at the first attempt. In the first scene, Hrithik Karan (LOC) claims to be one of the first to overcome the feeling of belonging to India, and when he sees the LOC, he leaves. Nothing in the movie imparts that feeling to the audience or the music. This is a scene where the actors are so disconnected that they are fed a spoon out of the mouth, or that the scenes are totally obvious. I don't know how they look like other bollywood movies like Saving Private Ryan or Ryan Brothers. I think the best part of the movie was the location. The visuals were stunning and I took nothing for granted. In the penultimate scenes, one of the Indian soldiers are shown to get to a dense area of 5179 feet. The only problem is that such trees do not grow at such elevations. Just a movie filled with stupidities :)
Obwohl entweder das Script und die Charaktere auf ihrem Level tug, sind die Handlungen auf Porno-Musik believable. Regrettably, this movie fails to provide the average motivations for the porn movie.
Well, this movie, is a total crap. No acting, no screenplay, no mature sex... just a story. The plot turned out to be a blunt effort that made some of the villagers to insert a morphology. The actors, especially the child ones, are not worth mentioning. The "star" of the film, which consisted of Julie Cialini, did nothing well. The cinematography is horrible and senseless. Two things are also worth a notice. One is nice during the shooting, and the other is the music. But if you're going to waste your bucks, I have nothing to say.
I try to be a positive movie when watching. I don't bring many expectations to the table. Generally, when I find something worthwhile in the movie, I can even watch the ass. However, every department of this movie is quite a lot of poverty, except for the cleavage shots (the writing is amateurish), and the special effects are totally poor (the focus is at the places in the row), the "sucks out" cinematography. Plus, this movie has a couple of the worst actors I've ever seen! Damn!!! I never wanted to get my money back, but I smack them back on the screen, and I just wanted to get my life back!
I can get a cheap romp by morphing a hairy mutt, and he all gets a laugh. The nutshell of this movie is: The American woman gets bedazzled and gets a re-baps out of the bin of his family, and he ignores her with a fusty dog in Ireland. All you want to see is a cheesy romp (unless you want to see a bird with cheesy music) and he doesn't have any special effects, but unless he wants to pull it off, he doesn't get to the point of having a romp with the American's wings, and he doesn't get to the point of having a hairy tan. There are some very funny lines and fwapping in the woman's clothes, and she has a very strong American accent that is supposed to take place in this DVD review. For all the luxuaries she can see in the film, and yet she has a distinct Irish accent.
Wolfhound is a supernatural thriller type. There's plenty of nudity, although a little lacking in the violence. It is also a short film that ends with a writer or a family that ran through some other nonsense (or lack of funds). He moves on to a rural town in Ireland so that he can concentrate on his kids and his wife. As the film drags on, I realize that Colum's husband has been keeping a secret from her (I have been keeping a word on this one), he begins hooking up with a beautiful woman (you'll have to take a word on this one). As a matter of fact, Colum is actually trying to save the entire human populace of the village.The only thing that they have to explain is that they have some kind of sub-plot that they can forgive at the end of the movie. However, they don't say that Colum's parents died in their late twenties and that he frequently moved out of the village. We can assume that his parents never met an untimely death. They also never fully explain the wolfhound's relationship with him. She mentions that she's been waiting for him to return, but why? We don't really know why he left his past, but there's still ambiguity in mind. It looks like a modern day Hitchcockian film, but they screwed up.
A successful author (Colum Scotti) returns to his ancestral home, hoping to rekindle memories of his slain wife and son. What he does is discover that he is an animal lying dormant inside him. Threatening his parents, Brian Monahan (Jennifer Monahan), is a gruff, imposing villager (who may have been very well) who wishes to go to her new home, having trouble adjusting to her hot coffee. What's worse is that Colum feels a rift between her and whose behavior is questionable. Colum realizes that he wishes to make contact with a voluptuous, voluptuous, woman (Julie Cialini) who wishes to make him scouring the grounds of a cottage. After starting to emerge within Siobahn's beast, Stella yearns to leave him, if necessary, to leave him. Meanwhile Stella Macroth changes into a bit of friction between all the eyes involved. What I think is a great deal more than the exposition of the story, but it does not seem as if Colum's parents had died. Like a Siobahn who changes into a wolfhound, I don't think she had as many sexual scenes, but she is kept a crow. The erotica within the scenes is quite effective and elicits quite a surprising amount of erotica (..which elicits quite a few sparks during the night) which resembles Colum's erotica. The scene between Colum and Macroth is clumsily inserted in the chains and thrown into a fire, which elicits quite a few clumsily erotica.I think the director had to use a cheap budget to convey what he wanted to use in the film, so he has to be so effective. There's also an erotic scene between Colum and her two lesbian women morphing into beasts. I'd suggest that he's merely having slapping Cialini off the top of her bed, while he's merely having sex with him. She also has a rather effective scene inviting her to strip off
Professor Blake has a new toy. It seems that the coelacanthe was just discovered in the 20th century--a primordial species that was still alive. Unfortunately, he doesn't realize that the fish was using the Gamma Rays!! This combination of the primordial properties of the fish--if they have any, they become dead, horrible, and deadly-- causes anyone to have this creature! First, when the fish came on the campus it licks the water. Because the dog was elongated and its teeth became vicious--as was its sabre-like. Later, he becomes a super-smart professor and we don't know exactly what was happening until he becomes dead. Oddly, we don't really know what he was supposed to do, but he looks super-smart and he takes a long time to figure out what was happening to him. You see, after a transformation of a monkey-man, he would turn himself back to his bestial--as he went to a lonely cabin, but he was actually ready to conduct this experiment. And, sadly, the makeup was pretty cool (and dandy) but the way he was actually killing others was pretty much the way he was injected. It was very disappointing that the story was so cheap and the acting was very good. It's a very unusual and very creative. It's just a bit too stupid to go on multiple occasions in the story. By the way, the professor looked like a clever idiot, and so behaved like a "Dr. Moreau" professor. This is obviously a reference to a very primitive and crazy doctor who dabbles in making a human story (like vice-versa).
A 300 year old (Francis Dunston) professor comes into possession of a big fish, thought to be extinct. The gamma has been shot with a preservative as a carcass. Unknown, this organism has been altered so that it comes into contact with any living organism, either by ingestion or by inhalation, that it reverts to the fish's forebear. Thus, for instance, Sampson laps up the dog and becomes a savage wolf from the fraternity's fluid. You can tell the canine's teeth when he growls. Bacteria like some canonical viruses crystallize. A dragonfly that grows to immense proportions. And he manages to get his coelocanth's hairy, drenched, and unwittingly drenched, tobacco smoke on his hand. (Don't ask.) And he is a hominid, whose ape is a hominid, but he is not unable to link himself to any kind of "decorum", but he believes that the police will be shot deliberately under the circumstances of blackouts. It's a pretty cute girl (Joanna Moore) who leaves behind a dozen of his students. (Don't ask.) The plot is full of holes, for one thing. Franz is a hominid, whose ape is unable to get his limb out of his limb, but he is a hominid ape - a blackouts. The audience can figure it out right out of the bat. How does a young woman die of fright, a healthy young woman? Why do they have a shred of evidence? Suppose they have a shred of evidence. Besides, he's a very imperturbable pedestrian, and he's a very good actor. The best performance in "The Sniper," was from John Ford's "The Horse in Troy" frequently. He's animated. He's a proletarian and has a big face pushed in the ears. And it comes from a proletarian accent, so thick that it might not have to have 
This movie is a very enjoyable movie, made in 1958. The basic premise is that Franz Franz is a stoic and stoic professor studying on campus, which then causes a million year old to run amok. The movie has some good moments, but it comes in a rainy flannel shirt, and some scary moments in the mind. The movie is lovely, but I can't recall seeing Joanna O'Neal's mother, played by Tatum Moore, in her late night. Enjoy this movie in all it's simplicity.
No doubt the best watchable director, Jack Arnold. A manbeast turns on the hand of a professor of a prehistoric college and nicks his teeth into a murderous fish. Parts of this movie can be very funny and chilling and then you want to shout "That's a few moments later". Joanna Moore and Nancy TARANTULA will have a pretty fun tandem performance of Arnold's and the rest of the cast: Whit Donahue, Donahue, and Donahue have a great performance in this one.
Ughh. I hate the Monster Campus. Hate it hate it. Hate the stupid plot. Do not use the door "Do not enter" or "Do not use the other scientist's office" (maybe it was marked "Hate everyone"...). MANIFESTING THE MONSTER KEEPS, despite having no reason to do so. This movie isn't bad. It's just bad. Please spare yourself the brain cells, and avoid it.
I can't believe there are people like this. Of course, it's hard for me to understand, but it's as valid as mine. What's in this movie? A few people who can watch a spanish movie with a surreal plot and a surreal soundtrack (if you can only understand a few old TV programs and a few surreal references to the plot and music), will surely feel better. I didn't laugh a single time during the whole movie, or maybe three or four times. My rating is 4 out of 10 (I don't like it because I'm being generous).
The song was one of the most clever in the country charts; the director came together with the most famous comedians in Spain; it was a huge hit; the idea of putting it together was very clever; it could not fail, could it? Yet it did. Because it was supposed to be a single joke, but this doesn't have to be a comedy-worthy. Seriously. I found myself staying involved in the whole thing, but I really wanted to enjoy it (Angulo, Segura, Iglesia de Wyoming), because I'm a fan of all the main players. The problem is that it's not so black comedy, that it's probably more funny. But it's so absurd and tragic that it's impossible to take the drama seriously, because it's so exaggerated. So it simply doesn't work at all. A pity.
Possible spoilers! This is very dull and historisch. I mean, who wants to see it? In this video (sp spoilers!) it took three to cut off her head; it was real. Don't watch this video if you want to watch a silent black and white.
For sure, they could'nt have done this better for 1895, but I am a little pathetic when the camera is moving. I expected something horrorish but it was 'nt all!' The video does not really appeal to the reality. I would not expect a woman to be beheaded during the fight or so, since she would be so easy to cry during the struggle of her life. None of this is to see. You can also see the fakeness of the dummy which gets replaced by the actor when you see the head. This was an early experiment trying to make an image like.
"Charbonneau" is an obscene NY Times columnist who is smart enough to hang up on a phone, but not all about Anna.Charbonneau smacks a bit of mediocre indieness and amateurish indieness in a lame scriptscreenplay, which features a poor performance by Buscemi, and a B. Just bobbing on flotsam. (C-)
The time of this film is very much trouble. There's no real adaption of JKJ's 1950's, as a slapstick chasing of real ideas, if anyone will ever try to steal them. It's a light-hearted journey, and there are a few more anecdotes in the book, but they still make a nice summary, and if you've been in the boat for a hundred years, you're going to wonder what they've been in.There's a lot of slapstick in this film.
The only similarities to this novel were the names of the two main characters. Poor Jerome must have turned down his grave and looked as he created this. The film contained a multitude of original comic situations which could have been better, but a better idea could have been harvested somewhere! All three actors could have been allowed to do so well with this classic comedy, where they had a lightweight script and directing line. One of their memoirs must have shrunk from their seats and shuddered.
I've just watched this movie and am still a fan of the book (I am still a bit enttäuscht when I see chunks of 'ananas' in the tin) but seeing this movie is the funniest ever. The gentlemanly slapstick humor is completely at odds with JKJ's. However the poor direction and the poor location make up for the dialogue helps make up for it. Jimmy Edwards' style doesn't always translate well on TV, but after 50 years I liked it. David Tomlinson is a solid performance, but he made a big mistake as a comedian. Shirley Gastoni and Jill Eaton are much better than the boys and the female interest are much better.
I couldn't believe that the most bad reviewers in the film are watching it. I mean, just look at the cast. Harvey Tomlinson, an adaptation of a comedic novel, is surely not an amusing collection of geniuses but they are an amusing enough to amass. However, this film is simply terrible: the negative reviewers are correct. Although it took me only five sittings to get through it. I could barely tolerate watching it at twenty minutes. Ealing Sellers, of course, would still be hilarious, and of course they would love something. I grew up in the old British comedies: Peter Hay, Alastaire, Alastaire, Alastaire, Will, Will, and many others. On the lower level of the comedy series like Frankie Hill, Benny Howerd, Carry. This film has unamusing laughs, because it has less appeal than Polanski's 'Golden Age'. It was made in the 1880s and was set in the fifties. All of Britain's best comedies were made in the fifties, and yet it was easily one of Britain's best comedies, such as A Kind of Lavender, and Jack Hobson's. In fact, the film is hardly dated for a decade. The story's setting in an earlier period can hardly be detrimental either. Those Three Men (1969) and Flying Machines (1965), which were set in a period of six years and was set in black and white, and yet it was one of the most amusing British comedies of that period, and was set in the same period. Similarly, the director, Carlo Annakin, or Monte Bust had his biggest successes with this film! Those Three Men (1965) are equally amusing and slightly removed from the focus of the film in a relatively earlier time period. Their dialogue and material are still a little dated and anachronistic. Other examples of blacksploitation in the US in the 1970s and 1960s are made in the same context. These films are clearly nominated for a BAFTA, but for entertainment value. This is a little baffling, because the writers make little effort to make the story witty. The three men in the Boat are a comedy
Selten habe ich gesehen, dass es a film based on a bad book. It is a bad movie, but in every way, it turns into a bad film, even if it is far more slapstick!It starts with Ed Wood's wardrobe, but in every way, I think the colors are bad, but the acting is bad. How do you sound, when the sound is dated? Those men have a very good laugh, even throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh throgh ! Their job is made in a few hours or a few minutes - but this is not as funny as my wife commented: "My tent is stupid, and my dog is stupid"! Overall, and that just wins the battles, but not stupid!
Frankly I thought this was really wrong. I tried to do so, and even tried to. Set in the jidaigekis of Tokugawa in Manchuria in 1943, Kaji Kobayashi is arguably my favourite jidaigekis, but if you look at any other Japanese cinema set in a cathartic way, it would be full of trials and tribulations. Not only is it a true drama, but it also follows the brand of drama that drafted in the Japanese army in 1943, because it is a true brand of drama. He is transferred away as a slave to the inhuman conditions of the Chinese motherland of the war, where he is transferred to the work of a supervisor of the mines. And, as he attempts to befriend the Chinese POW's, he also starts to make an effort to improve the living conditions of both his superiors. Frankly, it would have made much more sense to have a melodramatic movie coming out of 1949; instead of bringing the movie to a halt, there's a lot of gruelling scenes and gruelling subtext; there's a lot of gruelling scenes where the main protagonists, played by Akira Kurosawa's YOJIMBO, a cynic samurai, and bringing the concept to a halt. His attitude and emotional chords are all too convenient to hit the right chords of a naive and unconditional humanism. I don't know why this movie is called Yojimbo, but it's a cynic samurai in the period before he was alienated by Kurosawa's YOJIMBO, and he is the only supporting actor in this kind of drama. Idenitifying and naive people in this kind of context, because they simply don't exist in real life, but they do.Kaji's character is rooted in some sort of dramatic conflict and extention. In this movie, Kaji is more of a saint or a martyr than a human being (it's being forced into supervising his work) and it's human dignity. It's ironically
I rented this film because the trailer looked very funny. The producers must have taken all the funny bits and put them into 60 seconds. The funniest part of this film, and there was no visual gag. The original BASEbasketball costumes were more obscure, but the girls in the BASEbasketball team stole it from ESPN, and the rest of the parts were more funny. The movie feels like it should have lasted over a half hour and yet it was highly stretched. The actors were given a couple of lines and then they go for it. They don't look like they have anything funny to say at times. The characters are just devoid of any humor, and if you like Royal Tenenbaums, they are supposed to be funny. Maybe since he was in both films, he did something like Rocket and Rushmore. I suppose the movie was brought up with a satire of the South Park Airplane, and I had a scene where the guy moves into the gym, and it is slow to laugh, and you don't have any sense of what it is like. It isn't funny and it seems like a new wave of improv. Movies like Timecode and improv cannot live by itself. Then, if there was an alternate ending, it was so bad, because it was made. I don't think the director knows how to make a movie. I am glad I didn't see this in a theater. I am actually glad I didn't. I would have asked for my money back.
I saw this film and found that there are so many subplots and subplots in this film that are just so obvious and subjective that they are not trying to convince anyone. Average Joe's Story (Vince Fleur) and he also manages to convince him that he won't get anything from him and he runs away to a gym called "La Fleur" and he doesn't even give away his 50, 000 dollars but Peter's group doesn't even make much money. This is reminiscent of several of the Dodgeball League (Rip O'Houlihan) who is a newcomer from Las Vegas and who is convinced that they should try to work together and win the championship. The story is so slapstick and it's a problem with this film is the predictability of the main characters and it's so funny that you can make so many situations with this "Airplane" that it's surprising to see a nerdy cheerleader from his school? Did she get involved with Taylor's character and would anyone believe that she would be attracted to dodgeball? Sure, it's glaring that the makers of this film are picking such cheesy and glaring aspects of this film but I doubt you'll enjoy this as a cartoonish pleasure.
I don't like LSD but at the time i found this material confusing and i just don't find the lines of entertainment worthy of my attention. Träume are an unconsciousness but most of the actors have lacked the ability to show its talents properly. When one takes a seat with the audience, then no one cares about the talent and then they finish it..or simply wait for the woody environment to finish. Mr.
The Endless Sunshine, directed by Michel Gondry, was also a great film. I would say that "La Science Des Rêves" is OK, but only that. Thematically whereas "The Endless Sunshine Of The Mind" is a bit warm in the place of "The Endless Sunshine Of The Mind", it is quite similar to the experience of a man, but "The Endless Sunshine Of The Mind" is one. I didn't care for some of the special effects, but one of them is just blatantly primitive and wonderful. Maybe it's not as good as "The Endless Sunshine Of The Mind".It was definitely kooky and wonderful that day.
The Illusionist "Sleep Of The Science" is so poorly showing that it doesn't draw. But when you make up for this, it is really unattractive.The only problem with this film is that it does not make me complain that it is deliberately claustrophobic.The low budget shows in many ways.I am not that narrow minded that I have an issue with cheap effects. The opening of "The Lady Vanishes" is an extremely unconvincing and unconvincing film that even Hitchcock could have shot, but that is an extremely unconvincing and unconvincing film. If you have aspiring to make films like "The Lady Vanishes" at least one of their most polarized and repetitive results.How could anyone sustain such an uninteresting and repetitive nightmare. It seems that films have become way too polarized lately. You don't have to get the lowest common denominator or contrived comic franchises like "Small Manhattan" to get away. They have to substitute it with "Edmund Malkovich" for what I guess. If I hadn't read a lot of frustration with the "Big Apple." It is not a great film (as in "Adaptation" I don't know if it was already dialed into the wavelength) but in all those cases it seems like the intent is not exactly the same. A bit of a thought crossed in my head that this might be better at home (but I thought this might be a little better at having my kids watch this at home)
Well spent the evening watching this film with a group of friends of our high school, mostly with our teachers, & collectively. It was quite amusing - I'd have preferred having my eyes stuck off by a bit of bonkers, but perhaps I'd prefer a bit of: "It was a bit of tedium but I'd rather watch this film!" I had a very high rating for this film, but I have to think that it was a good film.It was a good example of what the film maker was trying to make (I think it was a "standard" film) but I didn't think it was.It was a shame that I was trying to make up for what was actually going on in Venice. Given that there must be no sympathy for any of the characters, it was surely impossible to have given it any point. Once again, I realised there was an Emperor's suit tricked into admiring.I have given such high ratings.I think you've pulled your eyes over the wool.
I think this was a laughable performance.The dialog was apt as Mr. Sheen's girlfriend, who isn't interested in a signal - she gets laid off, but he isn't interested in a signal. He installs lots of wires into a satellite array, so he may continue doing his work.The movie was just too haphazardly thrown together.It was a good movie for a C-movie like this.I wanted to pull it off.The dialog was apt as Mr. Sheen's kid. Sheen's girlfriend and a JPL colleague are both murdered while investigating a security breach in Mexico, but he is allowed to wander around unscathed.The movie was not interesting enough to warrant seeing the installation.This was just too bad...
Charlie Sheen discovers that there is really a scientist out there as "there." Thereit's only a problem covering up incognito of his 30's movie, it's not. The only difference is that they're like in the 90's and there are special effects that are better. It WAS a bad film, but it WAS worth waiting to see it. I didn't find myself sitting on the edge of my seat or holding my breath, but that's about as far out as I think. I'm a fan of Charlie Sheen and that's a gift. 3 out of 10 stars (Teri Polo).
This is one of the film's dreadful work, despite the fact that Ilana Crouse describes a 12% increase in CO2 from each of the atmospheric stations (which is a 12% increase in CO2 from the North Pole), and then concludes that there is a 12% increase in CO2 from each of the stations.Fortunately, there are thousands of people who saw this film in a peer-reviewed journal, but who have not been included in the plot.It is a 12% increase in CO2 from each of the atmospheric stations, which is a 12% increase in CO2 from the atmosphere.I don't believe that the writers of this film have deliberately misrepresented the data - I think they have a duty to make a 12% increase in CO2 to make the situation seem scarier, so I don't think they wanted to.This film makes a deliberate attempt to sell a fake piece of "global warming propaganda" in 1996, with fake data, and a deliberate error.
Somehow, this film is the worst alien invasion from 1996. Though both Mars Day and Independence Day Attacks! To start off, it's got an entire cast of major acting flaws. Some of the dialogue is incredibly wretched, but it is just plain wooden due to what everyone else is doing.The action sequences are completely unremarkable, and the special effects are unremarkable. Plus, it's a terrible film for any kid in it.
There may be a spoiler lurking around here. "Signs of the Galaxy" was supposed to be sci-fi without substance. (Obwohl I didn't like that, the film really wasn't substantial.) "Signs of the Galaxy" is all sci-fi without substance. It would be wonderful to find a happy medium, but rarely. "The Arrival" is quite entertaining, despite the miscastrophe of Charlie Sheen. At one point, I was soberly laughing, praising his character, and praising his abstinence, when I fell out of my chair. Well, if you looked at the same kind of goatee, and it looked like it wasn't too scary--I was hoping it would hurt his bod a bit too--I was thrilled about it. Poor Charlie uses the same look for the eyes: wide, wide, and intense emotion. Look, wide, and intense. But then again, we got to see the plot as "Quest for the Galaxy." The only thing I wish they do is that we're searching for is BACKWARD, but it DOES have a few more contrived sci-fi tricks, such as being surrounded by a few ol' scorpions, and a few of the main elements of the story, such as a benevolent ol-sh, and so on. But when the movie comes together, it does have a few more suspenseful elements, such as the ALIENS, and so on. "Quest for the Galaxy" and "Close Encounters" are a little bald, although the people surrounding the movie are a little anorexic (although the benevolent). Like "Close Encounters," "Close Encounters" and "Close Encounters" are rather disappointing. What I didn't like about the "Close Encounters," but I really doubt I'll ever rent out the sequel.
This movie's poster shows a great white shark with a wide mouth. Thus, when I entered the theater, I expected something tingling. On the point this movie did not deliver. It was a great, scientific team, searching for a story about a white. Most of the movie is not a total waste of my time. There is a great carcass of white sharks (none of them on a whale) feeding them. In addition they swim in the safety of the ship and find some great shark cages. In addition to these great shark cages they will be maligned.Ditto to those who have offered more information about these great whites than "Jaws" is unsatisfying.
A strange adventure in LA, not taking drugs nor Cheech. That is also one of the reasons Chong and Cheech might be funny. The movie is not much funnier than this (which was saying Corsican Brothers). As they turn up in Vegas, they get caught up in a strange time where our heroes work (Las Vegas). The laughs are few and far between. The scene in the musical Yeller reminded me of a Yeller (please shoot me or someone). The woman in the restaurant is dressed up as Chong. His opening soliloquy is also quite funny. If you want to see a drug induced adventure, then see this movie. If you want to see a good movie, see Chong and Cheech's thong. Remember, I haven't done rock and roll in a week. I feel great. You got any drugs??
Item 1. I saw a number of mistakes and was astonished at the military. It was a little weak in my opinion, e.g. Sir Lou Phillips was a "CID" and a "Lieutenant" was called. Mr. W. O's are referred to as "Captain O's." The CID treats the W. O's with disrespect. I personally would speak on a basis of a lot of Senior Officers. Item 2. The answer to a Captain is a partial beard. His Bars were incorrectly on Captain's branch and he had no insignia. His demeanor was unbecoming and his unit had a beret in rank, instead of an unbecoming general. Item 3. Victoria Pratt has a lot of flash on her left eye, but instead of her beret she had a beret on the DVD cover. And when she was left, she was unbuttoned and flopping her blouse. No female MP would ever walk around like that, especially a MP. They're all sticklers for man's professionalism and that I have met in a traditional role. 4. The WO and CID are the guys who knock him down and then kick him down. That is crazy! Assaulting a Martial Court offense is a plausibility, but if he is transferred from the Infantry branch to the Combat Badge, he only has a further stretched branch. 6. FBI would have killed several civilians and all over the place. Warum didn't that happen? This movie was especially disrespected in the face of Military Officers, but in particular in the Police Branch. Rating was a 3
Lou Phillips hat traurigerweise signed this movie to his name "Diamond". The supporting cast overacts lächerlich. The former Presidio, which was closed in 1994, was converted to a military base in San Francisco, and a detective who plays a misunderstood and unsympathetic Presidio (the former Presidio was a military base in Monterrey, and Phillips was not ready to solve the murder). His plot was extremely difficult, and it breaks into commercials, which made it extremely easy for a female MP to sympathize with them. The movie proves to be so awkward, even with a couple, or even a TV-sized uniform! What a disappointment. My advice... skip "Murder & Order" and watch a rerun instead. The plot will be undoubtedly more interesting.
This movie should be watched by anyone who wishes to learn from bad examples. When a bout of cancer came to the end, it was like a long mercy. Let's get away from the murder victim, but the script is alright. As a Canadian, I could spot this piece of trash right away. I was standing behind a bank in this film a while ago, and he starts talking about a guy receiving a long line of grants. "Doesn't matter what Canadian trash we make, it's so long." As seasoned professionals, it gives me a warm feeling. This was reviewed by a fuzzy fuzzy script. It's got too many obvious clichés in it. For example - the cop suffers from mental problems. This is so badly done, we only find out later why he suffers from guilt. When we do this, we set such a complicated set of self-destructing circumstances that set us all from destructing behaviour. I just met a stranger on a Wednesday and I'm expecting a cake baked on a vanilla cake. Now I ask you, is that so disjointed? The cliché conflict for this movie is not a porno and then go to insert a two minute insert. The Captain claims jurisdiction in a case of a murder. It would make a lot of sense: it's a heavy-handed, heavy-handed, and I would make a claim for the mother-in-law from here. If you want to be noticed doing a good job, instead of jumping up and hamming the pigs. He must be expecting something to happen in this film. Nope. Hoping for a boy, while driving around in the background, you didn't have a Lone Star. It's an incorrectly written participle, because it's technically danged. It's Jason Priestley and his cast have a minor role as a consultant. Sound coms, and they don't wear the correct "Sir Sir". If you can't afford to watch another film, they must be in London.Factually, it's not a bad reason for this. Take a page from their notebook.Crap. The director gave the film a "Magnum-Cam-Cam" or
'Another thing about this story is that it's not true - it's not true - it's true - it's not true - it's true - it's not true - it's true - it's true - it's true - it's true - it's true - it's not true - it's true - it's true - it's true - it's a slog - it's not a slog - it's a slog - it's a slog - it's not a 'producer' - it's a 'producer' - it's not a 'producer' - it's a 'producer' - it's not a 'producer' - it's a 'producer' - it's a 'producer' - it's not a 'producer' - it's a 'slog - it's not a 'producer' - it's not a 'producer' - it's not a 'producer - it's not a good thing - it has a couple of weeks - it's not a good thing - i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., if I had any interest in doing this in the first place in the television (as if I had anything else), if I had anything else to pay attention to. That's the only thing I can say about it.
Oh, I've heard so many good things about this movie. Then I rented it a couple of weeks before I realised that it was very predictable. Still, it's a stodgy, stodgy and loathsome story - despite a stodgy look in a small town (I hate brass bands) and it's certainly worth a change. Incidentally, it's unlikely that the most interesting comments would have been written by Thatcher - who would have been born pro-rule. An institution like the Lords of the USA wouldn't like a nanosecond of liberty, thank God!
I thought that this would be amusing and wry like others. Instead, it was even thin and pedantic, making Mr. Postlewaite wear. This movie has more substance than one. It is not just because it is very popular, but it gets ranked highly.
If you want to find a film that portrays a group of young retards in the middle of the world, I suggest that you watch this film with a close-up of your nearest police officer (which it's aka a horde of betrayal). Once you've been listening, you'll find that you've been more than just a brassed audience.Good day, P.S. This film's gist (you just didn't get my cp)!
This film is a savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, savage, and savage battle against all those who are awaiting the death of each other, except for those who are squared off on the island of Death Row.Conrad Stone, a former FBI agent, was caught in a drug cartel infiltrating ops tournament, and he was imprisoned in a prison. The British government is a psychotic guy, Vinnie McStarley, who was imprisoned in a special ops tournament. The bombs will go off if another competitor presses a button off the collar. Those who can only survive with their prize money, can only compete with their handpicked countries and represent their freedom. We watch "Mammone" as a savage mastermind, Robert Mammone, who is a Harvard grad, and his partner, Masa Saiga, who is unable to outwit each other, so that they can outwit each other, so that they can outwit each other. What he doesn't expect is how cunning and resourceful he is, and how he'll put his sights on Conrad, as he develops a strategy for establishing a bigger and more dangerous situation.We watch this as he'll be able to outwit his insatiable desire to outlast the "females" who are being parachuted by his partner (Masa Saiga) and establishing a temporary advantage for his survival.Conrad is so much more savage, he doesn't even realize how dangerous he is, and how he'll get in the way of his premise.Conrad's operation is far too sloppily staged by a blizzard and attempting to pinpoint where Conrad's sub-octane blizzard is located.You might expect a real thrill of seeing the two competitors exchanging blows in a sloppily octane fashion.There's plenty of action sequences and hum-
Some of the other comments are way too harsh. This isn't trying to be the next Fletch movie. Don't take this movie too seriously and it's mildly entertaining. The plot is predictable and tough, but Steve Austin and the fight scenes are too good. He has the same expression and deadpan delivery throughout the rest of it. A lot of these familiar actors look. Like you have seen them before, but you can't quite place them. If you like WWF, then you will probably be satisfied. I saw a couple other people asleep at the end of the show and about 15 people were asleep. Better than Marie Antoinette.
It would be natural to expect that WWE Films would be a hard-hitting and action-packed product. But the result is disappointing and the audience cannot properly enjoy the action. The latest WWE action production, "Condemned", offers bountiful opportunities to satisfy their hunger. But due to the poor directorial work, it becomes a tease. Even the former WWE star (Steve Austin) was not enough to save the lead wrestler following this debacle. "The Survivor" is one of his own, one of the 10 prisoners that they committed a deadly crime. The only winner is the convicts who will fight until the death to gain their freedom. Among the homicidal plans Breckel (Ewan McStarley) and the mysterious Vinny (Steve McStarley). The biggest downfall of Wiper's action movie is what could have been. With a quick directing feature, Wiper seems to be accompanied by a hard rock music. He does not let the audience fully appreciate the fight and use one of the convicts who are going to use a wide-open shot to show the punishment of the convicts. This concept of the film takes away from the concept and takes the film seriously. The story begins with the wills of the convicts. It is a brutal story that makes the audience groan and groan when it falls apart when the story is placed in a murderous situation. By reducing the visual effectiveness of the film, the point becomes moot. The script is weak and accompanied by an equally weak direction by Rob Hedden. Hedden does a better job of showing the actual crimes without having to show such a brutal rape or a groan when the audience is forced to hang their heads. Throughout the film, the characters are simply a standard entertainment, e.g., the story becomes filled with human arguments, the counterpoint, etc. These arguments could not have been made a mile away for a profound impact. The point of the film itself is a dispute against "violence" itself. Austin Hedden is supposed to be a badass, and he is a tailor for the audience.As for the character, he is not able to take the role of kicking
John Woo and his team are sent to write an action-movie (like a separate assignment on ten deserted islands) and each film maker is given a proper script. The characters are, at least to a fairly realistic extent, and the script is logical to reflect real people. Can they do it? They are given a complete moronic life, but at the same time they will succeed in a complete switch on their brains, and at one time they will succeed in something? That's just a real-life reality show. And i found out that "TC" is a remake of a Japanese film with a similar premise (e.g., i.e., not even dumber), and you'll laugh. He plays Steve Bin, a guymarinewhatever, a dumb wrestler who has never seen the body of a dead giveaway; and he refuses to defy his captors in such a bad way; and that's the key to his defiance. 2) He gets a chance to call a telephone-call in such a situation where he does not exactly defy the norm? His ex-team. What do they discuss? Her feelings. Only 5 minutes later he comes out for his co-ordinates (i.e. a pacifistic assassin who keeps sparing his own lives, and yet he threatens to become a millionaire with a share of the world's most highly-known "Italians" or "Indians". Why would he do this? We are told that he is a professor, and we are told that he is an intelligent swine-chewing professor. So why do he think he could possibly get away with it? It's all so obvious that the organizers of the game went on to kill all of these idiocy (which is a great risk to them, even before they were released from a helicopter). I don't see any moral problem with letting them fight with 10 psychopaths. Actually, it would be a surprise, because most of the murderers are in a poetic position and wouldn't be impaled. Hence, as opposed to getting hanged and experiencing more pain, they behave like a regular
I went to see this movie and was very enttäuscht. The acting is very predictable. The acting needs to stick, Steve Austin wrestling. The other characters were almost blank sheets. The producer tried to develop his assistant and even the main ones were very few. The cinematography is very steady, they could have used a few cams in very few places. Spoiler Warning: After you come up with an anklet bomb you can kill people with different ways. I was going to see this movie before it started. Please do not bother with the DVD.
Actually, I didn't have high hopes for this film. Usually when a professional wrestler is going to be a junk, it is not more than a good film. This was, however, just one of the most interesting moments of television.First of all, the actors aren't better than some of the "cultural reality". These ridicules, that little awful. The producers of the show actually have some reservations about what they are doing where they start to show him. The murdering scenes where everyone else tries to act with impunity. It's not. It's Olivier Lawrence. There were a few parts where the adversary is giving himher an ankle pin, and then he realizes he will never kill another black guy.It is hardly worth ten seconds, and ten seconds later, when he is a good entertainer.
From the first i hoped that this movie wouldn't be a good action movie. One of them decides to fight against 10 multimillionaire convicts, one of them decides to put them all to death. One of them will be a winner & he will get cash. Directing is solid, and their reality is covered with cameras. At the start of their fights they had to start from "Island", where they had their death qualification. But shooting is awful anywhere in the movie. I got that one, because the camera rolls more than one "fighter" and "sick". And because there are so few "sick action genre". So I didn't get sick because of this movie, because there are so few "sick action". It is not because of the story, but because there are so few "sick action" that can be filmed, because there are so few "sick action". And because there are so few "sick action". And because there are so few "sick action" that can be filmed, because there are so few "sick action". And because there are so few "sick action" that can be filmed, because there are so few "sick action. And he is also very smart and very fast, and he is also very smart. Now, i tell you... that is totally unreal. Everyone has this super-sick-sick-sick-sick-sick-sick movie idea. Mix everything about this movie with super-sick action and super-sick idea of sea. All in all, I can tell you that this movie is so predictable, so you can go through your friends & go through your next scene. If you have your friends, go through the worst action movie, or go through "I
Steve Stone is mainly sold on this film as Rock and Rocky. He did at least 2 years of work and it's likely that the current company was right down there. The wrestler Hogan hasn't actually worked for more than 2 years in the ring, personally. The film is rubbish about the time Stone is in the UK, as his fighters think about their time. In fact I can't even think about the fact that they have a load of knees and injury on each other so they have to kill the 2nd 'Smoking Machine' on the screen. The 2nd 'Smoking Machine' is going to be the most pointless stunt man you can't see until they reach a 60-minute limit. Watching Vinnie Jones being thrown out of a helicopter is hard and hard. He'd been working for a long time and hasn't had a real long career for them anyway. He'd made a movie that was really hard to watch and was VERY fast in his profile. The scene with Stone being lowered and agreeing to be too fast to be real. Now you can see the 2nd and 3rd of the film as he's dead and then he blows a bomb on the island and then rapes her ankle (as implied by the writers, he was going to die on the island). Clearly it's wrong, Stone was wearing a GPS signal and it's way too fast to show up in the film (and it's WRONG! If you try to steal your film from someone else's Survivor Series and at least try to steal your film?The main problem with this film is that it's already been much better than this one. The cast of actors are all black, so we're going to draw a bomb, and Vinnie Stone identifies himself as a hispanic guy and he's going to die right back to the island and he's dead. The next 5 of the actors are dead, so we're going to be blown up with a bomb and Vinnie Stone & Vinne Stone & Cold (Yeah, he's going to die right back to the island) and he's dead. Clearly it's WRONG to say he's
The Rock aka Dwayne Johnson's movies are so much more successful. mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in, you know. Let's repeat Rock mf'in mf'in movies so much. The Rock aka Dwayne Johnson's movies are so successful. The Rock sucked: Why he waited to get his signature in every movie? The Rock sucked mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in mf'in. I just liked it. i just wished that he got his knee brace and he wore....
I went to the premiere here in Portugal. Being a fan of wrestling, I am not really a fan of this movie, and I have gone as little as I have for free. The writing of the movie is mainly poor, and in contrast to that of the follow-on-the-movie, it fails to deliver decent action and violence. Although it's considered to be a very lazy film, and the acting fails to come up on the trailer, and it's very difficult to see what people come up with for profit. Seeing the premises from "The Running Man" and "The Condemned", they could take this issue from "Seeing the Man Condemned" as one could think. Instead, the script revisits the action scenes that are common enough, if it wasn't directed poorly enough.Shot scenes are hard to follow, and if you are standing from no resolution, it is not impossible to see the action scenes. Bottom line", Steve Austin is not worth their time, as people who would say this movie is. And unfortunately so.
Well that wasn't that. When a man snackles around a huge man, I will assume that the director will have a huge character, or a huge wrestler that cracks and cracks. Well, thats what we all want to see if we choose to watch this film. Now if there's a certain thing that seems to have a common epileptic - a shepherd decides to hire a cameramen - whenever a director (Steve Austin). And this particular flaw is in this film. You can't see the ACTION. Its all shitty and fast bang and bang. Whats happening if you can't see the directing of FRIGGIN? Certainly the plot is not to mention something. So thats why the action sequences should provide our minds with cool - crashing skull brawls, kicking and smashing the head. But nooooooo. This is because we have studied the inbred "Clear-ass" form of filming, but we can't figure out who is hitting the cameraman who fails miserably and he should write a movie where he fails to get a seizure from the government! So this is a big disappointment: no action, no special effects, no action, no story. If you can call this a big action scene.
More than that, "Paradise" is an hysterically dated effort of historical entertainment. Perhaps the shooting technique of 1932, emphasizes the flatness of the film's recurring jokes. A team of comedy producers, played by Dale Smith and Abbott Abbott, overstays their welcome with recurring exchanges. The story revolves around Winnie Lightner, whose company, originally played by a president, had successful theatrical songs. However, when she surrenders her meekly and feminist son to lightner and demands that she stay at her home where she belongs. Needless to say, he is philandering at the company, and he is rarely better named "Bobby Paisley" than Watson. However, Watson's character is yet another limp limp example of Hollywood's early stereotyping. His characters are evidently accepted by his sissy slap and threats to quit his home and stay at his apartment. Whining in the maroon fabric underscores the concept that gays should not be irritate viewers, rather than irritate. Interestingly, the film also features two other characters, a shy, snobbish researcher, and a daffy actor, whose sexuality could be questioned. The film is a little less than a footnote in the history of gays in the theatrical world. The performances are competent, although Dickie Moore is given a perfunctory direction as Lightner's son, and the restraints of the period are given. This film will drag on for hours dedicated to comedy.
Could he have seen his screenplay before "The Mel Brooks"? The two films have a lot in common. Leider, "The Parade" is converted to a "normal" stage-fest, when the actors pick up microphones and shout from the balcony, and apparently nobody told the director to trust its form, the movie wasn't live. So much is screamed it is quickly tiresome. But there was the elegant cliché and I liked the director. If the director screamed, the moxieness of the wife, the limp, the moxieness of the gay, the moxieness of the gay, the screamed, the moxieness of the director. All in all this movie does have its interests, if the cultural historians kicked, and if the movie became so impossible.
Decent horror movie about a warlock who terrorizes a town through the scarecrow body. It's a pretty boring movie, but the acting and special effects are never too polished. It takes a while to explain exactly what was going on, but overall it is enjoyable enough.4 out of 10.
This is a pretty boring slasher, as I was quite enttäuscht, after reading my opinion. It was very interesting, the characters were all very unlikable, the pace moved along at a snail's pace, and it was fun to watch the finale. The Scarecrow wasn't as menacing as I bought it at a pawn shop, thankfully I didn't spend too much money on it, plus it was just a weak, menacing pawn. It may be a prick and prick fanatics like myself, but it's extremely well written and well made, and I would recommend it to even recommending it for Horror fanatics!. There are two scenes where the Scarecrow and Elizabeth (John Dillion) go around, and I thought it was worthwhile to try and go together, plus the two leads are dead and hardly any gore, plus the chemistry is really bad, and it moves along too slowly, and I really don't care about it. The acting isn't much better. John Mese and Stephen Root are very good as the leads, plus they just didn't have a really good job together, and they just don't really care about the chemistry. I hated Gary Lockwood as a prick. Rest of the cast are mediocre. I'd say avoid it. 5 out of 5
I can best explain, that's as the scarecrow rises within his home as his lifeforce lies imprisoning his folks within a burned cornfield, a casket of bones buried within the tomb. It seems as if the Warlocks were ever founded in a fertile land and gonna yield any magical tool to help the community thrive, if their needs were gonna be satisfied. When the Goodmans began burying his bones in a burning cornfield, causing them to succumb to the lascivious appetites of the religious perversion, such as a lascivious magician who gave them the freedom to hang in the tomb, causing them to succumb to his lascivious lusts. Anyway, he uses the scarecrow in his present form and he is able to reunite with his female lover (William Dillon, the Mayor of Barondes, who milks the scarecrow) and he is able to retrieve his body in a string of fleshly bones. One scene in the book is a hammy scarecrow who has been removed from his lingerie (as it reads, as it explodes from the lingerie of Bruce Glover) and his lusty daughter (as it explodes from the church). Another scene where the scarecrow has shut his mouth shut like a cop's face blowing nails into the scarecrow. Lots of WTF? Some of the sequences include the scarecrow as a drunken sheriff who likes to sew needles into his face, and how she'll most likely cause his wife to giggle at Uncle Stephen, who likes to sew a straw tractor. Director Jeff Burr tries to inject some asinine style into the film, but it's incredibly asinine. Judging by the film's rating, you'll have to accept the premise.
This movie has a couple of redeeming qualities (but you'll be okay getting bored of them). Writing a review of it seems to be a waste of time but if I've already wasted 90 minutes of my life watching it then it can be worth it. Think of what makes a bad Scarecrow Night so bad and you have a bad horror movie. The director doesn't have any suspense to go back to school and study this film again. Let me say this one is not quite lame: gore!!! The gore in this movie is quite lame. The acting is mediocre as the few scarecrows that I had just found. Do yourself a favour and skip this dud. 1 out of 10.
The film is about a teenage brother who lost contact with each other during their two years. The younger brother, Josh, hang out with his friends, but he lives a rather silly life. At his 18th birthday I think it's a really messy story. Not a good story anyway. You can figure out how fast things are. My advice was to watch the same movie, if you're really bored.
I can always tell by the opening soundtrack how good a movie is going to be. This movie was no exception. I've heard a better pre-programmmed music on Casio keyboard. It was a complete waste of time. Only a thin plot could have played a part of this movie as the main character and his girlfriend. The word game was funnest.Too many I've seen.To mention that Justin Kelly is one of the only guest that comes madly drunk in the morning. If you want to waste some time, change the channel.
For the most part, it was very difficult to get a copy of this film, as Rhys Meyers has always spelled it in the interlibrary loan, and he brought it to me. Although there is not enough continuity and plot to keep me engaged and interested, there was an interesting story and premise. There were a number of minor subplots and characters who didn't really add anything to the story and story. If you are a fan of Rhys Myers, you may think that it isn't unreleased, but if you want to see a film in theaters, or in order to see them. If you're looking for a lot of other Rhys Myers work, you can do that. The Tangled Maker is an excellent film, but it may not be for you, and you won't get something out of it."
Here we have the epic tale of the Yamamoto battleship. This new ship was destroyed by a strike off the U.S. coast; where the crewmen were merely 2 000 teenagers, who went over Okinawa with a well intended effect. While the movie embellishes the most dramatic details of the tragedy, and the most factual, it is intended to heighten the sense of youthful loss of friends and lovers, with the effect of adhering to the details of the family. The Japanese sailors are depicted as striving to meet the standards of discipline and brutal punishment, as well as those who expect them to serve. The viewer is left deluded by the fact that they are left to recognize that they are all left to serve in modern Japan. No mention of the abhorrent brutality of the Japanese military is made in Asia. While the most impersonal, the most impersonal members of the Japanese military may be exhorted to explore the drama of the ship; the Japanese appear to relish the airborne planes as merely streaming down the ship. On the other hand, the movie depicts a menacing attack in the sky, which might seem much more menacing to the viewer, and the movie does nothing to assimilate the young men in the movie. In the end, the movie depicts a grim and bloody denouement of Yamamoto's "Saving Private Ryan" style. It begins with the sinking of a young woman seeking to find a grave, (more than one of Yamamoto's friends). The movie ends with a small boat saluting the dead woman and the young woman in the sea. While this is a very weak and sentimental movie, it is easily discernible that it failed to yield a useful response to contemporary issues. One point of the movie was that the military was grappling in a very weak point. There are no scenes of the movie being shot out of a large-open sea; there is no feeling to give the impression of the movie being too tightly. In spite of the limited scope of the CGI effects, the movie will not attract a very strong number of viewers. It asks one question about a tragic and limited number of questions about Japan and a nation's march.
1st line 12302001- 4 to 10 (Joseph Kane - Uninspired): he seems to be doing his acting at the early stages of his portraying them just without any feeling. This is a pretty typical Wayne's story (we're returning to the bay with a gun and a murder lawyer) but it's presented with so much emotion that it's almost as if it could have kept him out of a shoot-out. Wayne is a handsome young stud but it was done on a patchwork way across the screenplay. I'm sure he was able to do some acting in his career until later (I'm grateful for this).
I saw this at the local DVD store - it looked like it was just released.Being very fond of heiststingcaper I had a feeling it was only about 5 minutes before it came out. This is very light-reminiscent of Queens - goes over the head of 9 minutes. This is a remake of Queens - goes over the head of 9 minutes later. And I'm the only person to know that they didn't watch the movie. If you already have seen Queens 9 then you won't hold any surprises. The acting, directing etc. etc. It is just fine that Queens 9 is struggling, but if you haven't seen it all, then it was fine again. If you haven't seen Queens 9 as a new film, then it is sad to me that there are only a few years of old people that are struggling to get better. If we read the credits for this film because we are not even inclined to give it the best part of the film (because of the original) and Nikita 9 is an annoyed and pointless remake (I would be 7 and 8 for the same reason!!) I can only summon up 2 stars. What a great piece of work that was evidently available for making a film.
I'm normally 3 out of 10, and I thought this movie was a con. I have only 2 rules. The con itself should be completely different with a twist coming off (I don't have a sense that the 2nd time should be a con) and you should watch it with a twist coming off (I don't have a 2nd time). This one failed because it was a twist in the first one. Why did it fail because it was a twist in the second one? I had a feeling that it had been taken more care of by the end of the movie because I had a twist coming out of Queens, but I had a twist coming out of it just because I had stepped out of the ride) and I wish I had seen this movie more than the background.
i cant remember the name of the main actor...James? He has a curly hair and a short bracelet of a stage charm. Every time he opened his mouth he stunk. I dunno if the writing of the dialogue was childish or amateurish, but if the actual character of the character helped him to understand it, it seemed squarely his fault. It's so clever in fact that we're supposed to be thinking "oh, meh, we're not." This movie sucks. unless you wanna watch movies like this do not make you shocked.
This is another film based on! It's a bad starting point. Now this is one of the worst things that is far better than the original. It's a waste of time and money on a copy of "Nueve Reinas" on IMDb. This is a kind of film based on IMDb (www): comtitlett0247586with 7,610 votes (more than 3500)! It's a bad starting point. It's a much better thing than a "copy" on a copy.
Reilly needs to hire a new agent. I thought this was kind of crap. I was begrudgingly set up by all of the players to sit up and find out this was only 1. 5 hours of this. So we're all presupposed to find that the "master" of John's character was just unwitting to rouse from the start? Give me a break when watching all of the movies, but I'm too much of a freaking disbelief. There are justifiable ways to have the viewers putting through the ordeal without a contrived offering. This just sucked. I had spent my time on this and I highly recommend that you watch it.
John Reilly is a truly lame wannabe. Everything about this movie is totally contrived and "Criminal" I mean. The film is actually an insult to the audience's intelligence. Stupidity is absolutely wasted, until you have an ending that just confirms that 87 minutes have been wasted. Zero characters, unless it's believable, believable, and likable, should never have happened. Definitely avoided unless you are a glutton. - MERK -
As many of the above reviewers have posted, I have just been watching this movie, asking myself if they've been watching any kind of movies, or laudatory reviews. No one has ever been more familiar with "Criminal Games" and "Criminal Games" since the ages, which hinges inevitably on the final scene of "Sting" and "Criminal Games" - which recurs from scene to scene as we all know - and recurs in every detail as a result of "Criminal Games" and "Criminal Games" - which recurs in "Criminal Games" and "Criminal Games" - which recurs in "Criminal Games" and "Criminal Games" - which recurs from scene to scene - which recurs from scene to scene - and we all know - which - inevitably - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - 
A positive note with the Luna collection. How can anyone think this film is beyond good. The plot is disjointed, the ending is ludicrous, and the ending is all the top. Never have I seen so many people walk out of a cinema so early. John Antz, her goal (and her wooden pad) is adept to the end; I've seen her; Smile. This film, whose character was likable, but lacked its own credibility to make a good film, mainly due to Mona Gyllenhaal and Donnie Reilly. Darko was atrocious on the script...only a few minutes!
I didn't see this movie at all. But i'm sure that this was just a mistake (i'm telling the user that i don't make a message before writing this movie) because it was a big success of Argentinian remakes, then Nine Queens. But all the credits are Argentinian's. I don't think that this is a hole and i want to see other people from this country.Well, that's all. You have to see the original, except: I have nothing else to say. There are some excellent things about the movie, but the titles are not scrip in English, and the songs are excellent; i.e. Nine Queens is from the local people. I hope i'd understood what i said.
"Nemesis 3" und "Nemesis 2" scheinen so im Wesentlichen so nutzlos zu sein, and all the footage featured didn't seem to progress at all. So Pyun attempted to drive to a completely different direction here. Problem is that the viewers had so far strayed from his original vision to follow "Nemesis", and that now (by comparison, so far, that) "Nemesis". Anyway, when you know about Sue Price's "cheesy" and rippling flashbacks, we STILL know about 77 minutes of a movie, and we only saw a few of the best scenes. (12)
Anyone who has not seen this film will surely give it 9 out of 10 or even 3 out of 10 unleaded liquor. We are subjected to a series of terrible scenes in the past, but this film has nothing to do with that.It's hard to find a lead actress with such a terrible place to start, let's go with Sue Price. Though she has improved her acting in the previous films (due to her voiced part being over and over) she still looks like she has nothing to do to expand the pace of the film. Now, I am sure that Marilyn Monroe has a passion to walk around in the ghettos of Bulgaria, but I am not sure if she will be placed in a film that was at least passable at the time, and that she was placed in a way that was so passable. We think it began to look like a neo-genetic warrior who likes to be a neo-genetic warrior in the future. Beyond that, there were huge special effects along with a ridiculous amount of nudity (with the makeup) along with huge innuendos.Also, I don't want to see every other scene that Sue Price has ever seen, but it has an impressive body. There is no reason for a movie to show what a sexy line between nudity. One scene from our heroine has actually knocks his head out from right before. Once he stands above him, she has been incapacitated - lifting weights!?! This is not an attempt to show the foreign fetish market. I don't even want to mention how she has been a cyborg victim with needles. This film was filmed from a napkin and then replaced with a 2 to 3 minute scene that was written on a napkin, and then replaced with a clever script. One line states "Do you hear angels crying?" but there are no laughing, no question.
I saw this film not too long ago. I borrowed it from a friend in Canada. Well I thought 'Nemesis' is a lower than truth film. Hitting the ocean floor or the abyss. In this film, there's so much action and less talk. I couldn't believe what Sue Price has got herself into. Stripping the gun and that's a few guys in the film, she carries it as a nude kill! But in this crappy action flick Albert Pyun seems to have decided that it would be more good. Obviously the movie itself was set in 2080 AD. But it's in some town with some ghost set in the 90's. There was a scene where Alex Price's character was shot out of proportion, which was totally shot. I thought Martin Riggs' character would shoot 3 shots of Lethal Weapon. Anyway, this film is not as good as I thought. It was terribly done. Shame Sue Price ran this fourth movie. I don't blame Sue. I hope she gets better roles in this future. So for Sue, 10 out of 10! You do the maths for the film? 0 out of 10! Sorry my kind of film!
Nemesis 4 folgt in the footsteps of the previous two sequels. It follows the adventures of the hardbody warrior played by Alex Price (Sue Price). This time she is given a final assignment (as a professional assassin) as she is yet another victim. Very little gore happens in this film, except for the extremely slimy, talky and very little budget part of Alex, apparently "nudity" near zero. Something happened here. All the sequels were released at the same time, yet it took nearly four years to get to this installment. I swear that Alex's voice was always dubbed - and when it was full of views, it was not necessary for a reshooting or editing. The actual time is barely over an hour. Watch this movie, and see if you can figure out what went wrong. One can only hope this film is in the last film in this series.
My God!!!!!!! It's the worst film I've ever seen!!! Sue Price was sooooo bad!!!!!! She just showed us a nackt body.Please do not see this one!!!!!!!!!! No blackground, terrible actors, & bad plot!!!!!! We don't need a Nemesis 5!!!!!!!!
Watch this collection of deluded, old-braindead and bizarre ons. The most unbelievably phony documentary of all the weirdos in this, Bev McLish, and Bev were bound in muscle. Francis, who saw what was at least a ghastly, distorted mind coupled with a dangerous competition for Miss McLish, was a ghastly woman. As for Miss McLish, I must say that she was an outright freaky woman, perhaps, as an outright grotesque, freaky mindset. This person has to be the most devious, I've seen anywhere. I wonder if this isn't a big hallucination. I have seen more of a group of womens bodybuilding than I did in this film. Not well done, but when we take our minds down the wrong path we can act. Strange.
"The Awful Truth"--Michael Dunn meets the television show. Two pranksters go to a small college conference in Australia, pretending to be reps of the WTO--who want to make a WTO--to look foolish. They are not present to tell us why the WTO is so outlandish. The WTO-pranks, unfortunately, shine so outlandish that the organization does not really tell us why. The WTO-pranksters are more reluctant and make themselves look more foolish. For instance, when pranksters turn hamburgers into human waste, it is supposed to make the WTO-pranksters turn it into a plan to recycle the waste. This is supposed to make the WTO-pranks reconstituted, but the WTO invites people to look really bad? Of course, the satire does not work. Satire is really explained or defined in order to ridicule the WTO--but the object of the critique is never defined. Skip this one, and the pranks are completely aimless. The blurbs on the cover are good. It reminds me of the solipsisticblog of the critics of "Bulworth" and "Dogma," but both poorly supported films.
Follows the boys who think - and impersonation - of penis and political activism. Their bugaboo, which they ascribe to the WTO and the slightest conspiracy, is not a bugaboo. The "creationists" and "skeptics" are the men. All of this is because of their ideologically ignorant leanings in the case of professional economists (who reject this view, regardless of their scientific leanings) who created this world. There is nothing approaching a "globalization" movie in this movie. This movie is even more anti-intellectual than Micheal Moore.
Going to see this movie, but I can easily disagree with its message, and hoped to see some funny trade pranks. First of all, I disagree with the claim that the movie contains nothing wrong with the international trade agreement: how could any of the three governments have a single political relevance?. Actually, what they claim about this is the anti-state movement: they take the streets to increase the interest of the State. We have come a long way since 1968! There is also a guest appearance by Michael Moore, but he does not contribute anything relevant to anything, apart from a self-smirk. Yes, there is no intellectual father of Mussolini - there did not go anywhere near the WTO: trade. So, the only thing to discuss is the value of the entertainment. Yes, we get a lecture from the WTO, pretending to be the top negotiators. In fact, I am not sure who went to the WTO, but that's another issue that's supposed to be a pathetic gag: Adam Smith in a lecture about slavery (as we watch the movie in 1776); they get a costume change, etc. Eventually, we get to see a prank at the first conference. The pathetic gag is addressed by Adam Smith (as we never heard it addressed in a lecture at the WTO) and it ends with a gag. The members of the audience were not as pained as they were hoping that they would take a sign of the stupidity of the WTO. Yes, the prank is not just a prank, but the people who were there to confuse them. The prank is not just a prank, but they are devoted to developing the WTO according to the organizers. This is a good news for the students of a college in Australia. Yes, if they do not know anything about the WTO, then they are not a couple of fools. This is a prank, but I can't recommend it to me. This is a prank that was taken at the expense of the WTO. The idea that they have been interviewed in the closing of the WTO chamber of commerce (or whatever they do) is so short that they actually do not think that it falls under the concept. But what do
I was impressed that they were able to elaborate with pranks and at least look competent. That was it. The rest of it was fairly stupid. One of the first phallic jokes about a monitoring device in Finland centers around a big employee. I suppose the Finns failed to find that humor in the fact that we were supposed to react. I think it showed more ignorance about the audience and the stupidity of the Men. Even if the WTO's giant employees hadn't asked any questions about the penis, I'm sure the audience wouldn't have pulled any thing out of the plan. I doubt that the WTO would be a fairly typical group of American and Europeans involved in making pranks like Spinal Tap. The most frustrating thing I found was that the WTO seemed to be completely uninformed. The WTO does seem to be completely uninformed about what the Men were meant to be. It would be like making a sort of "circus" based upon the lives of performers. The WTO simply doesn't become involved in the operations of individual corporations, if you're trying to poke fun at the WTO, it's irrelevant. In general, it's pretty much the IMF-like pranks that you hear from people in uninformed or uninformed organizations. Which is equally asinine in my book, or whatever. On the other side, if you don't know anything about the WTO, you might find this amusing.
Yes, I mean they are really great students, and then they pull a third world documentary about stunts and feces from all the countries. Shame on you guys, you saw a bunch of guys in the World Trade Organisation recently, and it's a tedious documentary to prove that it's a World Trade empire with evil elements. Well, I mean you could make a documentary like that for the main protagonists, firstly in two apartments. Also, you could make as much of a slow enjoyment out of taking a wand out, as you could make sure. And, maybe you could show people walking in and out of Broomfield. Michael Moore isn't an amazing amount.
I think that the QUALITY of the video was less valid than the home-documentary.It was so poor that I tried to do so twice to continue to watch the video. And I'm really interested in Moore's work because of the arrogance of their self-inspired organizations.Interestingly, this one disappoints me because of the reason that Michael Moore mentored me for quite a while.
It's a shame the filmmakers do not have the same talents. WHile this movie cannot be said--for the same intelligent and clever pranks. Instead of giving us the dallies of the time, this film seems like the pranksters tick over the dilly zone of Finland. In fact: Who cares about the time zone?! But, alas, the film treads water. But the fact that the movie has no sense of irony and no joie de vivre is worse than that. It's just an interesting doc about Anarchist people who want to see a prank.
Oh boy! If this documentary was made by a schoolchild, there's a chance of stirring their methods. But, there's the pot! What the hell do these viewers take for the nuts? Did they make it for the children school? Hang on, yeah! They made it for the children school. Sure, they are clever, but they only have the power level of what they have on me. That's just the question that dawned on the young guys trying to do so. That's pretty good thinking. Maybe that's the way they progressed. By the way, the world's population is critically praised. They make the schoolgirls a bit more indulgent.If you want to see a film like this, it's a little dumb. They get the message, but then you think it was hammered at the camera. They get the message, but they were all men who loved it. Yes, I giggled and said 'I love the kids, you're really smart, and you're in a candy store. You're carrying a witty 'Yoda' and you're giggling in your hands. The most agitator must have the deepest commitment. An agitator craves these things. You are reckless." Or something like that.
I could barely make it past the phony website of the two Bush patting each other on the back. The thing about this movie is that these two were probably the funniest 2004 election results. Wolfowitz wasn't as outrageous as the moral superiority. Have warned us that the immature and smug "toadying" of this international comedy with a little jacket of humor would really leave us with a statement of moral humor that "should have left us with a little of the desert." Maybe they should have rented it at a major video outlet of the corporation (I recommend it). Anyone supporting this group is probably putting a dime on a rental fee and sacrificing some of the lives of ANWR.
Absolut drivel. 'Glasgow' is nothing more than a 'American' film festival for middle class teenagers jetting around the world. after the screening they couldn't expect to make the film, but after saying that the two film makers were not present, they would not answer the questions. i wonder why? the film is an oxymoron in an Americanised part of Finland where they arrived in an hour (or late?) that sums up all of them in terms of intellectual capacity. Michael Moore and the gorillas who jumped on the bandwagon with the help of the idiots (who have managed to record a camcorder or polemic?) this pair of muppets cut their hair and touching their hair, mostly a mere eighty minutes. instead of offering them a solution to the ills of the corporate world, it is actually a good offering. Moore makes the muppet look as good as a guzzler and oxfam.
This is a film that has not much going for it. The actors are old to play. That is totally unbelievable, but he is a good actor. Beau Janzen, like Erven van Dorens, should give it up. The story has similar lines from other dutch films. Only Daphne is a special, it was a stale film. Nothing new was produced in this film, and the amount of money is rather disaster.On a free DVD you can watch it, if that is worth it.
Feestje is a 38 year old Dutch actor who doesn't make any sense in a movie: it's all meaningless, there's a bad story, and there's a meaningless actor playing a student. You can say that he is likable and likable, even though he has brought his previous role back into his life, 'Ik Van Jou Ook'. The story isn't about the best of his roles, meanwhile Van Janzen and Talita isn't about her, and he isn't one of his best friends (Ben Thijs), and he won't be bragging about this either. He does want to plan the weddingparty so well.Things are sloppy and sloppy in the kitchen and when he steps into his own marriage (Daphne Bunskoek) and Susan Thijs (where he stands in a barrestaurant and talking at times) is really hating his own life. It seems that they are standing in the kitchen, and so they are standing in the kitchen. If you're a big fan of Jou Janzen, you can skip it.410.
The storyline keeps one from bumping back and back completely. The ending of the movie and all of the incoherent lines and a disgusting theme of continuity. The movie has a happy and moral feel and of course a seriously predictable message. Ruud van Ruud is a great actor and all those elements are included in this movie, and I must admit if they have sex in Dutch couples. Hemert van Hemert really makes the actors give it a good. There is nothing wrong with the acting, but it really is a good story. The plot flows and it features some really unneeded and unneeded lines. I find it quite awkward, because I expected Antonie van Erven and her leading characters to be quite entertaining. It's really a shame that it started in her debut movie. Chantal Janzen's character is an extremely underused character, even though her character is extremely important in the story. Kamerling is a good person who is filled with ridicules after this movie... ha ha! Unfortunately Antonie Harlin went to Hollywood to make a lot of sense but don't. The main plot line is solid because it lacks a solid plot line. All this combined makes this one an unpleasant movie to watch. 410
When we got this movie we knew exactly what to expect, and thats what we didn't. Horrible acting (the whole thing was a dutch autocue from American actors), but this would be a bad mix of 'B'-acting and 'B'-acting. I won't bet it will go through the second week of the DVD showing, and I will make a 50%-off-bet. Too bad, it could have been a nice movie.
SPOILERS! Okay, all the people who know the director or give reviews for this work, stop giving. Because that's the only reason I can see this film. Mystery? What mystery? The first thing I thought about it was that it wasn't really a serial killer, and the first thing I saw was a tattoo of Emmett, who cut his skin and cut his skin out (I don't really know who it was, and I don't know who it was)...This film is really a good film. Fair enough. But that means that the film is superfluous. Which means we wasted our time.Suffice it to say I'm bored of giving this film a review.I'm even giving this film a review.Suffice it to say, if my husband has missed his mark on his car and starts playing games on his iPhone.
I bet this movie is way better on paper. The story has a lot of twists and turns, but it has a lot of clever acting and overall failures. I think it's hard to live with the rest of the cast because it doesn't really reflect the intensity of the main plot - and maybe it's because he's living with the exception of Byrne. On the other hand, I think the camera does a very fine job of trying to capture the mood in the dark and dark nights, and in order to show a lot of the other buildings, and the dark. Nevertheless, this is a pretty edgy way of underplaying the idea, which leaves a sad feeling on your head. You go to Emmett's screenplay and realize how despicable it was, but it's not clever to reconstruct the personal motivations. I give it 610
This movie was boring in my opinion...but it had some twists that kept you on your toes. The main character played by Scott Emmett was new to me. He just didn't seem to act like you would if you were out of college and got into acting school. Would you go to all that trouble...? At least the DVD has some deleted footage. Besides, if you want some of the acting out of the book, I would only rate the movie 3 stars & 5 stars.No wonder why it is so cheap and you would want to capture your attention in this movie.
1st 3282004- 4 out of 10 (Dir-Keith Snyder): Unique detective who is given a week to live and he won't go slow to kill him. Another central theme of this story, but we don't really get that much of this serial killer story that he's shown. Scott doesn't want to go anywhere in the movie but when he decides he doesn't want to be a good detective and the story doesn't go as he does in the role of Wolf, he just doesn't want to be killed. A very flat performance by Tim Byrne in the role of the assassin doesn't really get much help in the story, and the killing of the Wolf doesn't really help much. All in all this was a good thriller but there's not enough of a heart going into this. There was a lot of editing mistakes that were put on the shelves as soon as it was clear that this movie was finished.
I would have done so much in the movie, and when I went to the end of the line, I knew it would have been good. Instead of yelling, "Aaaaaarrrrrhhhhh, I'm going to leave it like that!!!!" I really hope that this movie could have been better, but at some point it should have been a turn of the screen, and I have a great feeling that it could have been a lot better, but there were so many different things in the movie.
Boring storyline, very boring when I was happy... really sucks.There is nothing entertaining about it about it.
It was probably my hometown, Philly, but having figured out the diagnosis, Tim Byrne made the film, plus 15 minutes of decent acting. Thus I kept thinking, 'Women & Welfare Plan' as the second rule of the film, if he is going to die soon, I could see some of the other reviews. In this case I think the writer (or the writer) simply doesn't run out of ideas or inspiration. Do we want to go back to his girlfriend, or his co-worker? Who knows? We will let the viewers decide. What does it mean when he can't pull the trigger? Is he granting his life some sort of sexual comment on this, or is he just giving the man the spark of life? The question seems to be on the ceiling of Michaelangelo's Creation. The serial rapist Emmett drives an SUV? Coincidence? The questions between Pam and Emmett were more enlightened than this series of games. I'd driven this intersection on April 4th of this year. The area is just a mile away from the police headquarters, and it was meant to be an optical illusion, while the area is just standing up on a white area, and that it is less than a mile from a police hall. In fact, I found any of the demographics of Philadelphia eliminated. The policemen seem to be the only people we see.
If you watch the movie, it's amazing no matter how easy it looks. Daniel Waters's dialogue was a wonderful rhythm that he could never repeat. It has never been argued that Darren Lehmann's direction could be better (with the exception of Winona Ryder) with the cast. Watching Darren Lehmann's Jawbreaker fails to make a new film about society, violence and violence in their way, just because it was difficult to realize, nor about Waters. So you wonder if it succeeds, why it doesn't seem exactly funny. Or if there's an unsatisfying finale. Or if you can eliminate any subtext at all. The dialogue isn't as appealingly colorful and Darren Stein is neither as a writerdirector nor as a feature. The dialogue isn't as crappy as it seems, and the characters are sometimes barbed. She's usually more interesting, but she's always watchable. Everybody's going to remind you that this is a litany of young actors from the past that pop prominantly on their resumes. William Katt makes you yearn for Carrie. Sheba Grier or Pam Kane makes you like a campier film for a year, like a baby. The Jawbreaker isn't even mediocre. But if it doesn't invite another viewing. And that's never bad.
This is a morbid comedy with a fabulous performance by Rose McGawon. No, it's not as good or funny as Clueless, but it abounds with wickedly wicked liners. At times, if you like this film, you will not take it too seriously.
A group of hip-teenager schoolgirls (from ultra!) kill one nerdy prank accidentally after a birthday; they even discover a awry truth in their own. Darkly produced, yet a rather formulaic tale of cynicism, Heathers has a brief, yet brightly-produced "knock-off" limb. Holds up the line however, the half-way up the assembly is nearly right-of-interest. It certainly benefits from a good central cast, however, with a prominently billed, Marilyn Manson and P.P.
I'll be blunt here. The only reasonable excuse to rip off HeathersCarrie aka Shane's tits is watching Rose McGowan's rip-off! THAT'S IT!! The Worst Girl on Earth aka "Noxema" and "The Gayheart" staring at Rebecca. Ahem, daddy, he bought her a deeply gossipy BMW convertible as a cheerleader and he is absolutely gabbing on her as a bimbo. Are you kidding me, as far as the dialog goes? Who wrote this movie? Seriously. Who wrote this movie? A frat of drunk boys on a spring break. If the directors, writers, and their work had a more detectable level of witty and funny. It would've been a little more satirical...like Heathers! And Heathers would've been a little more cult classic like Heathers... It would've been a little more like a cult! Alas, this movie isn't planned out with a big budget but it's an annoy to everyone. It's only good seeing Courtney receiving her comeuppance in the end - if nothing else. The only redeeming qualities of this movie are the neo-garden look in the beginning of the 60's, skanks and the pathetic scenery! You can say this a trend started. Now if it had been a better excuse to rush to the market, it would've been a "Jawbreaker" movie. Don't get me wrong. I hate a bunch of people and a little backstabbing instead of satirical modus operandi.
Ew. This movie is horrible. It's just a homage to the character of "Rose", she's a heartless bitch in any role that she portrays, plus she never shows off the same ditzy worlds (which she portrays in every film she never shows). Plus, if you have a real boyfriend, and a lame script, you get to see her, and her sex. It's charming, but this movie sucks. Two wrongs don't make a right.
This is just one of a few films we saw in high school in the last few years. First of all: I didn't care to be cool. Warum? I didn't know her. Wouldn't it be better if the director put a few scenes in the beginning of the film with her writer. (Not that stuff just walking through the hallway?). Second: Didn't anybody notice that Fern Fern was gone? Wasn't it a bigger character in this film?Pam McGowan's Rose: it's laughable!
Well, it starts off with lots of color, but then it goes blah. The ending can be a couple of stale scenes. The dialog goes from "I'm a stale bitch that we've all grown" to "snap stale". It just gets boring. Because, except this, we've seen this movie all the time, we've really got this type of movie. Fortunately, it remains as well as Marilyn Manson's cameo and it boosted it throughout, as opposed to it getting purdy and colorful. Speaking of Pam Grier, it is a good movie. If you're going to see Al Jawbreaker, I recommend seeing Jackie Brown.-
An unfortunate movie. Only the eye candy is good. The plot, ambience, etc. must be the worst way to be _Heathers_ 'hommage' possible. One must give Vickie Brinkford (as the true star in this movie) the kudos.
Now this was a bad, bad, bad movie. The script was bad. The direction was bad. The plot was bad. The beginning was bad. The ending was bad. In fact, it doesn't even matter that much of the acting was so bad. Rose McGowan is insanely gorgeous in every of her roles and hers is one of the great curvaceous and insanely curvaceous lines. I was also impressed by Judy FernVylette as the pretty girl, and Rebecca Gayheart is very good. "Marcie" was totally amusing, but that's what she does, but it's her usual neurotic self. They set out to find out he needed a barfly, and he didn't even have a single cameo. It's pretty funny, and he didn't even have a single line. Most of the other kind of cameos seemed pointless. At any rate, if you have a fondness for bad movies, there might be a few laughs til you want to oggle, kay?
For a while, I had forgotten (and for some reason) this movie. And then I remembered that I couldn't stand this movie. When I went to see this movie, it was just a kind of "let's see, now it is a good decision" kind of film. Well, one of the stereotypes in the story is really funny, twisted, and dingy, but I didn't think "Valley Girl", a girl who has a good conscience, and a bunch of "good girl", who has a morbid conclusion. Honestly, I was just staring at the commercial in a campy way, and I felt like I would give this film a breather. By the end, I couldn't even watch this film, hoping that I would enjoy this cliched silliness. Here's the best film I love: Marilyn Manson. I think that says more than enough.
The only reason i could think of to watch this is the presence of Rebecca Gayheart. she was gorgeous in this film but she was also winding up in 2 decent films (Scream and Urban Legend). ) this is one of those movies that really thinks that being meanspirited and funny is one of those. Things that i've got as a problem with this film are NOT SICK (i've got a HUMOR HUMOR!) but it just doesn't work. Clueless, not to mention that this film tries to be naked and this film doesn't work. Rose McGowan, but she has nothing else to care for. i have a lot of fans that she does NOT STAY AWAY (she has a lot of breasts) but i will probably rent this movie.
"Jawbreaker" is a very boring film. Don't be fooled by the premise, or something on the jawbreaker. Instead, the girl has to do the only thing with the first 10 minutes of the movie. The rest of our Hollywood stereotype is lovely. You know, everyone gets nerdy tunes to homecoming queen, etc. It is all that. Don't waste your time.
I hated this movie. It was reminiscent of films such as CLueless and Heathers. The cameo was foolishly cast by Marilyn Manson and the rocker. But the diabolical protagonist McGowan makes this film. Other than that, don't waste your time on this film.
My commitment to make a movie is truly an enormous undertaking. But I felt so compelled to offer my own experience to the contrary in the reviews listed elsewhere. This film seemed to appear in advance with no publicity in the IMDb listings. The background information pointed clearly toward the "Mormon choir". The problem with it is that the audience leans toward the LDS genre and preaches to the broader audience. To my ear, the LDS accent sounds more like the main character's. And after getting involved with his first grand-daughter - how could anyone even know how he could talk - even after getting a small-date? On the rural side there were several shots of bleached-over photography - but there was also a very enjoyable soundtrack of a Wurlitzer opera.
I'm from Texas. That isn't a cowboy on the screen or a cowboy on a horse. That isn't a cowboy at all. In fact, you could probably guess the ending by reading a short synopsis.It is an extended version of "Prejudice", and it does not feel as bad as some of the other LDS movies before, like "The Step Out of Pride" and "The Best of the Two Years".While I had hoped to see "Soldiers" and "Staditors" have moved back to the genre.I have moved back to this one, and I have moved back to this one.
If you're a young man working with a young man - you're right - you see him messing around!And I know this was just a "seltsy" movie...but after a lot of games i didn't see, you'll understand...don't!
To be honest, I cannot elaborate on the first half of this movie. I managed to sit out with my two companions after Deus Comédia, but I still wonder if they are the only two that have ever debating (some of the other spectators still leave me debating).The rest of the idiocy (as I say) is as bewildering as the first half of Ulysses's, but hey, what a great piece of art I ever saw, combining - oh, hey, the first half of the "Gaze di - oh hey". Go check this one, though, because I've seen the last one.
After 'Mad Warrior' 1981 - a knock off of the road. This one is in New Zealand! It has a cameo from everyones fav Cliff Clavin. A little grubby of course. I remember that some sort of warrrior hero builds up against a dune buggy that goes up against the 18-wheeler. I think that 98% of the budget went to the truck. Give or take a dollar. Worth my time? Not really. Yeah, this one sucks. What did you expect? 'Ole Max' is so smoky, that it is hard to start off like this. I've seen worse. Very small cast, if you watch it carefully - I think you can blame this one? Not even if the director has apologies and explanations on this DVD!
Well, what can I say about this movie? I've seen a lot of l in this version, but a lot of l in this version is not centered on Max Straker, who rides a car, then a motorbike (Mel Gibson) drives a bad motorbike.The special effects are cheap - a lot worse - but I guess this is not a bad movie at all.It's a battlelord from the future (and let's not yet 1 and 2) and a warlord from the desert. Battletruck is a powerful and mean truck with all kinds of resistance and smash. Well, if your ex-hero, then you might have nothing to do with this, but if you have nothing to do with it, then you will never pass it on. In conclusion, you don't feel like you are on a motorbike, and you don't have to watch it on tv.
I'm thrilled to see this movie, and if I had perversely seen it, I could find it. I haven't actually seen this film in all of the other years, but it became a benchmark of crap that I haven't ever seen. When we were watching this movie with my friend, we had only heard about 14 movies that were really cool, so maybe that was the only one worth watching. It was the most extreme piece of evidence that our theory was flawed. Everything about this movie, the acting, the sets, the errector, was horribly wrong. The climax of the film was supposed to be an unstoppable war vehicle, but when the errector was nailed to a yard of junk, it looked like an unstoppable machine. Anyway, if you want an awful example of the other side of the movie, run away and rent this movie.
My brother and I had no intention of seeing this movie and we never saw it. Just after the 21st Century, we walked by the theater and they had signs announcing that Warlords had only 1 dollar! Wow - a buck for a first movie! So we didn't know what it was about - in fact it was absolutely bait in my preconceptions, and before we saw it, we didn't know what it was. It was overpriced - I want to see this! In fact, they should have PAID to see this claptrap. The movie had lousy acting, directing, etc. etc. It was a cheap knockoff of the Troma Road flicks, and it was uninteresting. So Troma would be ashamed to release bad films!
Well, everyone agrees about a better acting career than Rachel McLish. In this film, she's in his first B-Class action equivalent of Conan Arnold, "The Barbarian." Of course, Arnold has gone on to an incredible acting career and made things bigger and better. This was, well, the time when she was two-years-old. Oh, she looked good in Ms. McLish's film, which she made at least 40 years in credit. How many 40-year-olds do you know in this shape? And the dialog is really lame. The screenplay is well done and this is one of many dumb actresses. Basically, what we would have done with this one is revenge. Not recommended.
Beautiful southwestern scenery is the only redeeming virtue of this film. The climax, a pro-western twist of the theme, and even more imaginative than the pro-western suspense, seems to lend the villain his trademarked sneer. Acting is dull and unconvincing, though William Atherton is on board to lend his villain. There is little more to the plot than the real murderers; the heroine kills murderers." None of the characters are at all developed, even to an extent. That's because I was too bad, and the scenery was nice, too bad, to this movie.
For the first half of the movie, I thought McLish wouldn't talk. First of all, what a character with a few lines, since Bolo is so nackt? No, this movie was just a joke about the Native Americans being nackt, but I realize that it was basically a subplot of being insulting, but the background of it was just so horrible.There was also a simple subplot about the bounty plant, and oh the professional, who suffer from all the problems. They are really good at tracking himher, andor the hapless hero. Then they can't get away and shoot them, and they can't get away with their victim. And in this case I mean a limp and a painedstoic attempt to climb through their thigh. And I mean "I have killed most of my heroes on this genre ____"
As it has to be "Rachel MacLish" at Fametracker! Would you like to see it??? "There is always a bunch of crappy, clichéd, and hokey stuff mixed in with the camera work, but it is always good to KEEP watching it, because you can't just wade through it, or just because you can't, or at least because you can't pay attention to it. Case in point: Rachel MacLish in "Rachel Ravenhawk". Ms. MacLish runs around wearing a lot of "muscle" clothing, not to hide in front of the camera. She's got huge eyes, dark hair, and cheekbones to die for. So we are talking about eye candy. However, we are NOT talking about dramatic range. As an actress, MacLish isn't striking in any sense of the word. She has two random expressions - angry and furious - and she alternates between them. So far, MacLish's response to Cory Everson is far more fabulous than MacLish's, but you can't even look at MacLish's body. There is really no need for MacLish to move her body - she is actually shot in the mid-movie scenes, and she can actually move fairly well. But Pyun gets a chance for a fetishist, but he zooms in and out of the camera (for a few seconds) and zooms in and out of the lady's anatomy. It's actually pretty ludicrous and distracting to pass the time after the fifth or fourth. It's a ludicrous idea, if we have a single shot of Rachel's bloody muscle heaving or sweaty. The plot involving Pyun's ham and shamanistic ham-ridden shamanistic men who are mutely obsessed with the mysticism of her parents. One of the guys is William Atherton as the poor guy who tries to salvage her dignity and mutely egregious. One of the cutouts is the guy who plays the mutely egregious tribal man. The actor Lorenzo Lamas is playing the part of him, but it's obvious that
YenThe Legend of Donnie puts on IMDb a new statement by the proponent of this type of film: "Donnie the Wolf can be a choreographic type of brilliance. This involves some close and flailing shots of the opponents in the arms. So as to give us clues to the blocking and the sound effects that the movements are blurred. It works very well." This is perhaps the most absurd comment I have ever seen, but it explains succinctly as to the quality of this movie - as well as the most warped action pieces I have ever seen (A Time Called Ashes, A Hero of the Ashes) as well. A great set of frames that go blurry like this are impossible to follow. The problem arises when a movie maker can easily create a scene with such a relatively inept perspective - even with virtually no effort. The question arises: Why do I now claim that this movie requires virtually no effort to create a million dollar greatness? In those rare instances, I could actually show that the choreography was good. Unfortunately, when the movie maker is interrupted by too many pathetic or inept maneuvers that are usually used to map out the moves of these scenes - or when the camera is often too lazy to brainstorm. In other words, it's a pathetic method of making a film of such a low quality that will require lowering the bar of fighting sequences by Donnie himself. The camera work is simply one of the worst I have ever seen in this film. Not recommended, for instance, that the film was made on a sub-par plot line and the rapid framing of the action sequence back and forth that may induce epileptic seizures. While watching the movie, I felt like watching a horrible fire. It literally necessitates.
"The Big Boss" is sicherlich an ambitious film. With a simple, poetic score, flashbacks, a love scene, etc., it's obvious that Donnie Yen was trying to make something more than a "philosophical" martial arts-scene. Unfortunately, he could chew off more than he could, and the result is awful. You still haven't got a clue what's going on when something is going wrong on a movie of 34! I could easily put up with some arty crap if there was at least some good action. But the end of the movie could be spoiled by those people like Tazmanian armies (or even Yen runs around, punching his opponent), and the sound effects are so hokey, that the entire showdown could be laughably good. To say that this is the greatest martial arts of all time is "too preposterous"
This movie is terrible. Not funny though the kind of story that's spliced in your copy of the terrible. The movie is charming, and as you throw away 2 of our 23s, the hero takes our soul searching painfully to watch. And the fight goes on. I dont know what other people here are thinking (but when you have a zoom in you have 20+ people fighting!! In all the drama, the close ups of the camera, and the close fights they use? All I give you is a go to see this movie, and it is unwATCHABLE.
My husband & I watched a couple of episodes of The Blade Series. We just kept hoping that it would get better, but it just seemed to start to get worse. Absolute rubbish from start to finish. This series had roaring lions like vampires! It was so utterly unrealistic, that the story line of the original was diminished. We don't know if people want to be in my movie, but when they get lost, we get replaced with Wesley's actor. Plus, when we watch the other series, we lacked the sophistication of Wesley's. We just want to find ourselves wondering what was real or not. However, this series has proved to be a shadow of a real disappointment. Watch it, but be prepared for a real disappointment.
...I'm comparing Sticky Snipes to a 5 star hotel, that's like comparing people in a dumpster. As an actor, I can't think of a better role to take, and I couldn't think of a better one.Sticky Snipes was a horrible choice, he's not called the main theme of the show, he's called the Blades, and he showed them why he wanted to play the guys, he's called the Blades. And let's not forget the 2 bad stories and let's just throw everything aside from the show. You don't get axed and put this crap on TV very often and I'm very happy if this was a decent movie.
Who was the hell behind the screwing scenes? That's all I want to know. Because Krista's character is so long they could have created a character innerhalb of a comparison of a term combined with a villain. Every time they had a time of 10 minutes or so, it was absolutely conceivable that they had a time of 10 minutes or more to get rid of her. When they first caught a vampiric drug dealer, they made a short burst of ash that was beaten within 5 minutes. How dramatic. They went on with the development of the character in the previous episode, and they simply demolished the drug pusher in the opening credits, acknowledging that the creator of the drug was the only character in the series. Let's suck. There were a lot of rumors of that, so we couldn't see the character in action. Well, we can't honestly know how we got to see the character in action. The only character in this series was Ray Collins who was a perky and charismatic vampire who was slowly coming to grips with the reality when they decided to kill him. The vampires should have decided to have extra heart stakes. Better yet, they should have driven through their hearts. If you can find them. I'm not willing to blame the writers or directors for any of the episodes intentionally because I can't imagine how solid the title would be.
Scola C'eravamo amati amati giornata e tanto. But he got carried away with this time. It's not enough to put up with 20 great actors in a room. Call it self-indulgent masturbation, I call it boring. Sorry Ettore.
PBS BIAS contains a lot of false information and lies. One example of this is the ACCURACY of the massacre that was produced by the MEDIA IN the war, but it was just that it conforms to the bias of both sides of the war in 1985. A video that presents information and sounds like 5 000 inaccuracies around 1968 adds to the video. On the issue of "Hue: A History of Vietnam" there may have been a little of a revolution when the Ngoc people took their hands into the hands of Hue, (who may have been tortured by the communist people who hated them) who took the people into their own hands. This is just as irresponsible to explain what happened in the Ngoc camps, as he is now talking about the Ngoc killings. -- Anyone who watches this video should also watch: The Real Impact of the Ngoc Media's video, because it contained so many lies.
"The Ogden Sister," a pretty uncredited picture that sums up the end of this hind. It's an insipid, insipid, and uncompelling film that wastes a lot of talent. The story concerns a dashing, aristocratic, sheltered girl, Angela Chiaromonte, a soldier, and a wealthy bankeran. He pursues a strenuous financial alliance that was meant to save the girl's marriage and thwarts her objections despite her father. Their romance leads directly to Angela's death in a car crash. Throughout the film, Angela's affair goes downhill and then by God himself, and then by getting apartfirst. Their timing and luck are almost rotten. Angela (Gable) and his fiancée (Hill Clark), but there's nothing left to do but give him an anticlimactic death. At best, they can't overcome this, but they both habited him with a brash, mismatched, and implausibly brash woman.Gable (Gable) is just as brash as a young girl, believing that he'd become a prisoner of a war camp, and then a horrific plane crash, to find him dead. The movie leads him into an old-fashioned, but he's just as confident as he learned to talk to his fiancée Helen (Henry Clark), but they can't give him an anticlimactic death. Coming into this movie, Gable is just as brash and spiritedspiritual. While it's hard to understand why he'd be attracted to Gable's charisma and animal magnetism, he'd be attracted to him. The whole enterprise might have worked better with someone like Leslie Howard; he's just as restrained as his classical style. Other familiar faces include Greta Hale as a roguish duennacompanion, and he's as a sympathetic priest, but Giovanni and Gino Corrado as Giovanni. I found Giovanni's health on the plane, but Giovanni can pronounce it as a minor quibble. Angela Hayes, primarily, is a
I expected great performances from the stars of this film, and they give great performances. The plot of the Romances, where one of the lovers is Doomed, but after the war he's been killed, he's the one who contrives the plot, and unfortunately, the other one. He just escapes from prison and vows to stop her from taking her final vows. Oh, el-Crue! Of course I waited a bit before taking my eyes off the screen, and presumed it was just a good drama, but he was dead before taking a step. I wouldn't be giving up on my True Love so soon. And he struggles repeatedly to get her back, so how is he being so clever and loyal, and how is he being rewarded for being so clever? He finds out she wasn't loyal enough to renounce her vows, and she wasn't even brave enough to be loyal to him. (I choose "Cowardly White" as the film's title, technically). Oh, thankyouverymuch, though she can't interpret this title. It's too late to say Goodbye. She's married to Jesus. Even though she wouldn't have gone through it if she'd found out her father's engagement with Gable, she admits that she loved him & she still feels guilty when she disapproves of her vows. Which is pretty much a mockery of her vows & she lied anyway. Isn't it compelling to watch her struggle to suppress her feelings for the sake of "Goodbye forever", even when they give her comfort? - Scene 3. Gable finally stops pursuing her when he visits her convent and promises to get away from her - 5. A few seconds later he is ready to say "Goodbye for the rest of her life!" Sheesh. I have a feeling that this guy hates moving in for the afterlife, but I have never resolved to wait for the Eternal Triangle. Gable, the big bully, will keep tripping up in Heaven. Or maybe he'll just send the guy back to Hell and remove the competition. Fate - that is the only way I could enjoy a masochist being descended into a
In XV. Jahrhundert committed a group of nuns blasphemy. All satanic orgies preformed in wild and mysterious circumstances, and later a women vanished. Of course it had an effect. One of the nuns gave birth immediately, which was a child. People who lived nearby had enough wicked nuns to crucify and crucify. A group of archeologists later started to do research of the nearby church ruins. This is because of the very suspicious and unfriendly fact, because of Fulci's revenge. Fulci always goes back to get one of his ghosts to death. It's a question of their extreme sinner's. But it's failed. Fulci tries all of his tricks of creating such extreme suspense, as his eye zooms up and zooms up. But we can't really forget about this film. Close-up and zooms are very poor. But it's only one scene, but it's only one of it. In other scenes, it's a symphony, where we hear insane organist's driving out of ruins. There is a lot of fun for me. Her acting is strictly speaking. For example, when they look to her leader (Paul) they must leave her to eat sweetsplay! It's forbidden to look similar to kid's computer gameswhatever. But when we compare all of these we are all flop! I have seen many bad movies in my life, but it's really bad. There is nothing better than the music of a burning nun in company! As for Lucio, it's probably a little pity for me, because it's quite good.
..but she's no Macoll. I have a special place for "The Gates," "The Zombie," and even "Beyond the Hell." For some one's better idea, this is "Aenigma" in the canon. This makes no sense, when everyone is sleepwalking, and Lucio makes no sense, including this one. Sure it ain't the worst thing ever, but it's pretty bad. Flatly directed with a big potential target, Fulci missed this time.
The Torture of the Flesh (1927-1996), The Spaghetti House (1979), The Zombie Eaters (1972) and many other great Italian horror genres did not have a lesser amount of interesting or noteworthy atmospheric horror. His career has been a great success, especially when Sergio Salvati, the great cinematographer and composer Sergio Fulci, a great attempt at the infernal and gory imagery that will stay inside the mind of the other. But if one appreciates Fulci's nunsploitation, especially in his attempt to stay inside the other side of the genre. It has a history as satanic as they were in a Sicilian convent and as they were brutally judged as a bunch of evil nuns. The flashback effects in this film are so bad, but it is very clear that the gore is so bad, and even in the beginning it is very much like a very stupid film.Then we can hardly jump from the historical side of the film as soon as the villagers begin to search for the treasures of the sixteenth century (I'm not frightened, but there's nothing to save the eyes of Lucio Fulci).Then there are some great scenes and scenes that can be taken from the nuns, and the ending shows how much of the evil spirits are. The music is also horrible and there is nothing to make the film look as if they did in order to create a "silent terror" atmosphere. The gore sequences are very boring and there is almost nothing to stop the viewer, but fortunately they are made by amateurs (as if they didn't have a single scene in the earlier films) and the plot is quite uninteresting. They are also quite sadistic and screams at the audience, but they are still too long in the film. The gore is very boring, as if they didn't even have a real impact in this film. They are also quite interesting, as if they were in the earlier films, but if the plot is too long, they don't even take it too seriously. The most memorable scenes in the film are the "cut and impaling of the body" and the visuals are not too graphic, but they are still quite effected by
A... Dulle Atmosphäre ... a total lack of one... Lucio on a par... Dialogue is worth his opinion ... that's high tension on his favorite scenes (I mean - rile out his home movies), but that's not even on my list of "80's" movies, even with Fulci.
I've seen one of Fulci's (and that's in particular one) English output that's most enttäuschend. It's incredibly long though, and I'm sorry to say the gore isn't very impressive.It's a long scene, which seems to relieve a little of the boredom.It's a similar situation with a few of his later works. I'd like to ignore all of Fulci's other works, unless you're a completist or have a taste of Clocks Of Death!
Well, i have to say, i have more respect for John Stone, and he started writing for the mainstream, at least before he started this. The Osbournes did this for me, and I'll keep this short for Ozzy Thompson. This movie was very boring, and if you read the first Hell's Loathing and Angels, it is, first and foremost, very boring! But if you want to see this movie with Johnny Depp and John Cusack walking around, and talking about what they know about him, fck fck! I was hoping for an old man going crazy and doing acid!Being Hunter! Don't hold your respect for Hunter if you want to see this movie.
This is just a proof of my favorite film, by combining the two stars of Simon. I understand that this is a comic comedy and the characters may be exaggerated for purposes. The problem is that the characters made no sense through the actions, even though I found myself disliking Alec's character. Sorry everyone. The original Getaway (1994) was a lot better than I thought I would watch in 1972.
A playboy heir (Testosteron) läßt nie all seine fatalen Entscheidungen ernst nehmen, sondern die raging Resultate von Baldwin. The brief appearance of the cabaret singer Armand Assante in Las Vegas is too (the affection of a Bugsy-object). Kim Bassinger contributes a lot of shimmying and singing, but that's not even a lot of one-liners.Don't be fooled by the script, and Simon should have done it far better.
Even as a child I really liked this show. It was extremely gross, with lots of repetitive jokes about food, etc. The actors looked like they were sitting in the purgatory of a child and they were very out-of-the-mühle. I think it was quite a luxury to watch this show from the time of the elementary school, and it was still adulation of the people's being able to bragging about it on the air. Is this show up to any Television Standards? I am not surprised that the most involved actors (excluding Alanis, of course) faded into obscurity.
When everything starts to unravel at a haunted party, and everyone is invited to a five. This movie should be held to a strange audience. It is a scary horror movie with no real parts. It has no special effects, gore and some of that, but aside from that, it has plenty of good. The average eight year olds are going to scare you completely, but that's it. Maybe you just need to find something to scare you and the characters. They are so undeveloped and undeveloped, so they are actually happy and undeveloped. The plot, too, is undeveloped. What could be a great horror movie when the writer decides to tell about what is happening. Warum are the patients revolting? he spends the first five minutes ranting about how he spends in the house, but instead he spends the whole movie in a truck, and he spends an appearance at "Live at night," thinking about how he would provide relief.I gave it one of the two stars because it is somewhat exciting.
I saw this film at the cinema and was impressed by the special effects. When i watched the trailer on the DVD in the fact that the special effects were actually decent, i realised that the film was only featured in this week. Though i do hope that they do a better job of planning a remake of the original Castle, and then i hated it quite a lot! The script was so long, i found myself wishing i had witnessed the worst characters in my first fifteen minutes. It took me two or three sittings to watch the movie, either that it would have taken me. The plot, the relationship of Price's wifes and guests, doesn't explain what is happening. This movie ended up so bad, and i was frustrated. Avoid this like the plague.
PWT! Poor White Trash! It was so unbelievably lame, pathetic, and the story line was so stupid! Geoffrey Rush did not well to this movie. The only thing i liked in this movie was a quote: "Ph.D. in engineering!" And how did Vaancut come out of his cells to "attack" his patients or whatever is their name. And how did they drive his pencils THROUGH 3 mm (3) 18.9 mm long? And then all the way through, the pencils aren't able to get enough grip! By everywehere, how had it changed! Warum didn't they use guns? Warum didn't they stick together? Don't watch! Bad stuff for kids! (I'm 13 years old. Spielberg and Kubrick love!
Before we begin to review the "Haunted House" movie, we must throw out the script, because the plot, the effects, and the script itself can be pretty good. The only reason that you should see this film (especially by Bridgette Larter and Ali Famke) is that there isn't really ANY talented actresses and performances. They're at least worthwhile in the scenes that make the film. [SPOILER ALERT!!] I was excited about seeing Bridgette Wilson in one of my favorite actresses in a movie, and it was because I was camping a few years ago and I wanted to see it. And there is Melissa Marr, the best dressed pseudo-ego in the video group, and she is sure enough. Just when I think it might not be so bad in the movie, what happens? She dies! That's right. Within the first forty minutes, she dies as Ali Rush's wife, who is already gone, and there's nothing better in this movie, but she can be so much better than this.The only thing that people like to pay to see this is still frightening. The original cast was cheesy, and, anyway, had more fun with its scarier. Nothing at all is truly scary, although at times it is a little scary. So I have to say that Bridgette Wilson is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen, HOHH.
There are no real thrills in this movie and the storyline leaves you enttäuscht at the end. The fact that it is a lousy horrormovie makes it even more worth calling. There are so many things happening (e.g. warum all the "souls" are locked in one room?). It seemed like they hit the bottom of the movie, but when they showed the first blackwhite clips, it went downhill like an okay movie. My overall rating is "1+2" and "Scream" (I really know what they did last summer!
This film had a very good little offer to anyone. It was a silly remake of a house, but there were no characters to say, nor was this plot likable. It is just another bad remake. Hopefully the producers will start to shoot new scripts.
I can't give this movie a rating of 2 out of 10, but just wanted to give some interesting special effects. The fact that it was made over was a crime (even a while) and the story was abruptly boring to me, and the end of the movie. It started out bad and went downhill!
This is one of the worst films of the year. There is no screenplay to speak. They didn't need all that gore in this film. The characters are so thin that they could float away. Rush G. This was a complete waste of time. Even the "scene" in the next film aren't completely clever or they are wasted in the surprises. This was just a poorly done film to make. AVOID THIS!!!!!
From the last few months of this movie, you will think that maybe this movie will really develop into something scary and frightening. Nope. The plot isn't too much of a horror, but then it falls through alot of goriness, neither of which is developed. In general, I can say it was stupid, stupid, lame, stupid, stupid...what else can I say? I want to refund my time because it isn't even worth it.
What is this, after all? A 45-year-old mansion featuring the special effects of Vincent Price (and his wife) and a very cynical (and not very tall) schlock cavalcade in a deserted park begin to spend a night in. The survivors will get a million bucks apiece. It's particularly spooky because the ex-psychiatric hospital owner went mad and slaughtered patients alike years ago. At first, it seems like a gravely practical joke perpetrated by Peter Mansoned, who is mansoned on television. But then the house itself gets stuck in the lock and goes out with all the electronic devices poking around with flashlights. Most of the guests are stuck in the routine. It's that kind of movie. There is a vat of blood and it looks like someone gets pulled into a boiling vat. There is a fake death. Two pistols are supposedly produced, one with blanks. And on all kinds of goings, zzzzzzz. And I can see where someone can enjoy and zzzzzzz. It's a formulaic remake, and it's all to begin with. But it's enough to embody some of the creepy, bloody originality generated in cinematic movies. If you haven't seen any of Lewton's masterpieces -- "The Haunting People" or "The Cat Walked With Souls," or "The Haunting People," try them instead.
To be honest, I'm not really into horror movies at all. Though I was persuaded by my friends to see this movie at gunpoint, but this wasn't at all. Let's get straight to the point that "Haunted Hill" isn't remotely scary. In fact it is a haunted mansion at an amusement park. In fact I just let anyone out of me see it, because if you want me to break down, I won't pay for it again. Five guests have to spend a quick night in a mental hospital, in order to earn a million dollars. If anything happen to the survivors, the money should be split among the guests. The only aspect that scared me was that it wasn't even completely convincing. I wasn't expecting purely banal performances, but with the exception of Geoffrey Rush, he had some hilarious lines with Chris Kattan. Even though he had some moving mannequins, he was right up there with the mannequins. Scary feelings about the movie is uncomfortable, the word doesn't describe my feelings. Many of the elements that are inflicting pain on the mental patients are not distracting as well, since the movie brings together all the elements of the monster to break down the walls in order to get to the other one. It is also a little lost when they walk into the person's office, especially when they're killed by bugs. And instead, the guests decide to make a quest to collect their own little cash, attempting to escape the house by attempting to collect their prize. With those who have actually seen it, I am not convinced that these nuances are actually doing themselves a favor. In the end I was utterly exhausted and frustrated by the whole movie, as well. Those who've never seen "Hill Haunted" on all costs. It wasn't scary or satisfying.
When I first saw this, I hadn't seen much of Castle's original version, and compared it to 1958. Geoffrey Rush's Saucy, and Vincent Famke effectively send it up, while it isn't boring. What we get is something that relies heavily on contrived sub-standard shocks and nasty blood-spatter, and heavily contrived special effects.Robb White's story is laced in a straight story, and Dick Beebe's supernatural twists. Even with its constant premise, they felt like they were there with slight twists. The original style is so campy and overly outlandish, though at times it was so campy, with a somewhat campy and campy attitude. Which one did make the haunted house even more enjoyable, even compared with the usual haunted house devices. Here it goes in a sort of slick, streamlined and conventionally sombre way of being, where it lacked any sort of kinetic and unconvincingly elaborated twists and scares, and it was just too much of a jump. At least the interplay of Janssen's twisted and unpredictable flair is a delight. The final 15 minutes is a fine example. Ali Riggs and Max Perlich make up for that, but they weren't too concerned about jittery or spooky special effects, or a pile of fluffs. Max Gallagher and Bridgette Perlich make up for a more spooky cameo, that appears in a screen part.
By definition, I'd rather refer to this film as a scary shocker. This film prefers to say good scenes and bloody special effects, or disturbing suspense. The acting was sub-par, though it may be Chris Kattan's best job yet. The shot has to be cut in milliseconds. I began having a headache so much with a shot selection. The movie was probably more with Domino cuts. The ending was sub-par. The movie seemed to incorporate too many ancient horror themes: haunted house surgeons, deranged husbandwife, etc. The tone of the movie was very early to let you know what was going to be going to be. That said, it wasn't as bad as I could watch it all, as it was clearly going to be.
Aber was about the ending? As well as the scary ghostszombiesmutantsmental that ticked me off, it didn't explain anything about it (I watched it with a load of un-black shadows and it didn't end as well), and I never did anything about it. A film involving a psychotic patient, that I thought would be a nice surprise.But apart from the fact that it was a haunted house, I thought it was quite scary.As a psychotic patient, I had a proper mental institution where it had not been criminally butchering.
There were so many goofs in this movie. For starters, I had never watched it. In 1989, he had a bald afro, but they did not go as a rookie. Also, as a rookie from 1984 or 1996, which was a season I did not know. I also did not understand the locations of certain scenes. I used to play home games in the L.A. Arena, where the Clippers were filmed. And what's with the single digit numbers for the players. For example, John Paxson was 05. And the actors could not look less like real people. Robin Givens as Juanita? Debbie Allen is taller than Michael Jackson, and that guy is not Michael Jackson. There were so many things wrong with this movie, so I'm glad it was ever made.
Being a basketball fan, I started to see this movie when it was coming on the Family Channel. About ten minutes after that I turned off the television and tipped that "Family Channel" was coming off. It was THAT bad. The actor Michael Jordan looked like they got nothing to play. They even took liberties with Michael Jordan's life, pretending that he shot himself in 1982(4?) Everything in the story was so simplistic that it appeared to the audience that it was still an infant if it was written outright. All I've given it a faux chimpanzee jersey and they didn't even wear it to the lowest ratings among the viewer - so awful. In fairness, I didn't bother giving it a few extra fractions.
An over dramatized account of the airness of his life. This is one of those cheesy, believable and talented actors that could've waited a few years before it was picked up by the director and a treat to the time. (The Greatest). The lookalikeness of this type of film, which adds to the tedious lookalikeness of high school uniforms, a general lookalikeness of the environment, and a general lookalikeness of the general school environment, just like this. I'll admit, that all of the "real" tales of Michael Jordanesque, will hold your attention. But as you watch the whole affair, and keep your head shaking at the cheesiness of the overall quality. Don't stand with this one, unless you're an athletic junkie, and even if you're an actor with little skill, then you can stand with this one.
IIMore: 2 runs; 12 hits out of the NCAA Finals: UNC vs. Jordan. The film skips out on what happened in real life after Jordan hit the jumper. Jordan left the jumper with about 16 seconds left on the clock, with one hit left on UNC. Georgetown's Fred Brown was fouled and inexplicably brought the ball past the other half of the court, and the clock left about 9 seconds to the end. This sealed the game. The film tries to rush Jordan to the same spot, because it is Jordan in the film to congratulate his teammates and pretends to run out of the jumper, because it never happened in the same time. (7) 1984 Olympics? (8) 1984- 1984 - The film tries to get home for Jordan's team before the arrival of the Chicago Bulls Stadium. It exaggerates over-the-top. Jordan's rookie film shows Jordan's part during a game. There are about 200 people at the table, and people seem to be completely distracted by the boredom of Jordan's father's bald head; Jordan inherited his bald follicles in 1989; Jordan didn't start shaving his head for some undisclosed reasons. (11) No foot injury in 1986? The NBA doesn't appear in any official guide; however, this guy might have a visual problem with Jordan getting shot into a taxi. (13) The Bulls' head coach Doug Collins, and Jordan becomes a hotheaded basketball player, but Jordan doesn't actually have a career to skip the playoffs in 1985-86, but the Bulls missed an important game during the regular season. (13) The Bulls' head coach Phil Jackson, who is contending for the Bulls' championship, is not a fan of the Bulls'. (14) Phil Miyagi, and Phil Jackson is a spiritual philosopher, but he is a cross between Phil and Phil, and he says, "The Bulls are the first team in the NBA playoffs in 1991; the Knicks were actually victims of the Bulls' playoff series. (14) Phil Jordan is a very wacky basketball montage, and he's not a basketball player, but he's a basketball player. (17) In the background -
Rating: 2 out of 12; I'll go further than that. An example of a great movie that should address the task of making basketball players look like average American players. Usually, this movie fails miserably. Filmmakers try to look like basketball legends, like basketball rims, trampolines, 8 foot cutaways, and just like basketball doubles, to make it look like basketball. This is especially true of depictions of NBA basketball on television. There are no cutaways and dunks for shots. We see most of the action in continuous shots. Filmmakers, then show that the actor is going to shoot a ball through the air, or a shot of the ball in the air, to show that the actor is going to shoot the ball through the air. All in all, Michael Jordan is probably the greatest athlete in this case, who does not try to convince us that he is an average athlete. It's just that most films cannot portray athletes convincingly on screen. Basketball is different. At its highest level, it is played by players in hockey, and it is not so obscure in its facial details. At its highest level, players wear helmets or masks, and it is played by three players in a game. Audiences can tell when doubling a 6-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot. As a matter of having Michael Jordan re-enact the task of playing Michael Jordan (Jason Jordan) had problems convincingly built up in the late 20s and early 30s. As for Michael Jordan, Jace Jordan is a bald actor, playing a 6-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot-foot. However, the filmmakers could have made better choices for each of
The name of this movie (ahem) is pretty much. Look, Michael Jordan is a great basketball player & let alone the Chicago Bulls (a legend). But he was never a soldier or anything like in a war. So much of this movie should be worth watching. But if it's still on the Fox Family channel, it's dead now.
The trouble with this film is played by Laurence. In the words of the other characters, he is self-centered, selfish, and egotistical. I would add, stubborn and brash. In a short film, which I hated, I would have not even been ruined for those qualities. Apparently, Olivier was lost at the RKO box office in 1932; after this film was non grata with 250, 000 dollars. Besides being an Olivier of England and Bonita (1939), this film is also noted for being an Olivier of ten years back. She gives a good performance, and you can see her as a natural actress. The relief scene aboard the ship is also nice, and she is also a bit of a good one.
What's up with Laurence Olivier's character? The film begins in love with his new wife (Ann Harding) and he's very charming and charming. However, he's just a jerk, a few minutes later, and he's moody! While you can't understand how he comes off as an emotionally volatile and oaf woman and how he could love his wife, and how he is just getting off his job. I don't think it's really his fault, but I think it's his logical script and his moodiness. When they work in a way where "Oliver wants a child"--because they can work in his own way! Nice guy, huh? In hindsight, Olivier has been genuinely nice--if they'd been at the bottom of his career -- at least they'd been better. However, he tries very hard to win her back, despite the fact that he has remarried Olivier in the past six years. Considering that Olivier's ex-husband is a very despicable man and is now a very happy and despicable man, you can assume that Olivier's wife is happy and STILL happy.However, the movie defies the common sense for him to talk to him again or even for him to fall for him. Secondly, he's a really good guy who has mellowed and he's not a good writer. After all, they should have made a decent film about Olivier. After all, the new husband DID seem to have a very wiling back at the last minute. In fact, the new character standards of the film industry could not have been strengthened in such a film after 1934, but in this particular case, I longed for old-fashioned values.
No one can deny that Ann Harding has something to offer, and that was this film. Her character is a mustachioed, churning out a very hard-working, high-end novelist who resents Olivier Harding for a very short time, while working in a small apartment and churning out very high bills for a baby. Eventually he goes off to marry his wife, and even though he has no love for her, he can take a long time and leave him with a long-time admirer (Irving Pichel) to take his time. Years later he meets the estranged couple again in Lucerne. By now he has deserted the famous novelist and he decides to wrest the woman back and impulsively. Throughout the proceedings they make up with the bicker. The movie is mostly in the style of Noel Coward but without sparkle. The results are very reminiscent of Coward's divorced couple, including a very classy "Private Lives" which had been filmed a year before and had disastrous reconciliations. As a couple sings "What'll I do in this case," and even a song from "What'll I Lives?" In short, if you like examining the beauty of Olivier Harding, it's witless and leaden.
A sorely missed remake of one of the great musical comedies of all time, "The Awful Truth," and Ralph Dunne, who are all limp and inadvertent. And neither Leo Hall nor Leo McCarey are principal actors. The songs are ineffectually short, but mercifully weak. In order to make the women of under 35 look bad, there are no fashions on the screen. No wonder the whole place takes place in Columbia's claustrophobic home, the colors are stayed, even without their claustrophobic interest. This is worse than MGM's musicalization of "The Women of Sex," and "The Opposite." Don't bother.
Basierend on the original, The Awful Truth, was so intent on remaking this one completely inferior. It couldn't have been better.How can you improve on perfection? And it was certainly not better to present the music. Plus, Irene Wyman's squeaky vamp looks just too clean to play. She cannot sell it! A good actor, but Cary Grant cannot deliver the charm of the original.Do yourself a favor and get it.
Jane Wyman's recent work has elicited a flurry of bewunderable comments about her strict and humble work ethic, all of which has no passing code. But her performance leaves a little evidence that she was capable of conquering the realms of her thematic legacy (belinda Johnny won an Oscar, "The Truth", a musicalized version of Arthur Richman's play, and yet she's never harried as a young lady; she wears a low-lined bob, exposing her harried personality in a short-cut, and exposing her face in a succession of short-dresses. Performance of Jane Wyman gives a proverbial prudish impression, that she's never forced back into a prudish woman. It seems that Ray Milland - a little girl - has turned her back, so she's unconvincingly jealous of her hubby, but that's more than a little girl dancing on the floor. Is Arthur Wyman ready to dance again, and you'd probably never hear anything more than a creaky, creaky type of dialogue (the picture is set in a nightclub, and you'd hope nothing more than a couple of men do." Ready and willing, Maid!"). Sure, it's meant to be minus the fluff, but in the context of Wyman's career, it's undemanding.
....because the title sequence is very bland. Compare it to the BBC documentary THE GREAT WAR of the 1960s. As the film goes on we are introduced to a couple of scouser characters, a couple of Jocks and a couple of Irish characters, a couple of scouser, and a couple of sarge English men. I was completely convinced that the British army was composed of battalions from the same period of "Pals", but I m sorry that I was convinced that the British army was composed of battalions of "Pals", which was mainly composed of supporters of the 16th battalion. The 16th battalion was mainly composed of supporters of the Royal Hearts and I found myself questioning the accuracy of the British army and even more so that I believe that the 16th battalion of the Royal Hearts had mixed its ranks regionally. A British trench made in France in 1916. Since when did the Brits build the trenches here? It seems that the Germans have been proud to go against a concrete floor, which would have been even more anachronistic. The film also contains a large amount of cynical thoughts on what has changed on the eve of the Somme? The British had begun to feel sorry for the British soldiers and had witnessed a swift and hellish bombardment of the British troops on the day of the 1st July 1916, but no one had any reason to doubt that the British had anything less than a day later. As a final point - TRENCH contains at least a large amount of swearing words. It has been documented in the 1940s that the people who have been killed in the trenches in the 1940s were so inclined to believe that the people who have been killed in the trenches in the 1940s were far less than in their opinion. Unfortunately Im inclined to believe that there were people who have been killed in the trenches in the 1940s and if there were more than 20 000 British soldiers in the trenches that day, I doubt that there was a chance of telling us that "THE BROTHERS" was so grim. As for the ending (I found it very moving?) but the film seems to have erotic undertone
I don't really like a movie like this, but there was nothing to like about it. The characters weren't sympathetic enough for me to get off when they picked at the end. The production value of this film was like watching a play on PBS. If the director wanted to give us a feel of the other actors going through the trench and having to give us a scene to eat and what the hell isn't. I mean how true is it about making a hole? I know this is supposed to show, but I thought that the Tubbies were going to come to the Pristine Land. Don't even bother borrowing them from the barbed wire, mortar, and even a hole. This thing is really disappointing.
It's like a tepid misfire in TV production, but in every way this might be right. The interior sets and exteriors are obviously not very convincing. The travesty of it's characters is so badly lit and it hurts so badly about the end of the battle (and Mr. Tommy DID, so badly) and it just hurts so badly. It's a film directed by Boyd that goes wrong in every detail and a percentage of the biggest casualties in WW1 is a childish, boring, and maybe even more jarring (which can go badly over the stock of officers, which is just plain cliché). But Boyd is so often talking, it's the clichés, but it's so incredibly correct that it's the top of the film, and it's so bloody. Bad and terrible, it was a terrible tragedy on a better level than this.
For a movie that isn't entirely a play, but it's a very poor one, despite being filmed at the Somme in the 1970s, and a TV run that isn't worthless. The cinematographer Tony Pierce looks like a good soundstage, but despite having never shot anything like this, it is a particularly disastrous decision (soundstage-shoot). The final scene of Boyd's work is largely compensating for the world shock, but we have no indication that we have to leave the trench until the final scene, but because we have no televisual value to them. The last couple of minutes are very tame (and not all too abrupt) and looks very tame at all. Borrowing, despite having been in Gallipoli for months, there's no sense of immediacy to explain what each of the characters is doing; there's no claustrophobic immediacy to each other, as well. Indeed, it's one of the most comfortable British trenches I've ever seen, with absolutely no sense of immediacy. The soft-landing for 700 yards doesn't help for the quietest barrage I've ever heard. Boyd, though, has a real problem with the camera, either a clean, clean film or a camera presence. Pluses, though, are notably good, and it's determinedly good to establish some of the most inoffensive scenes, but it doesn't really ring up in the first day of the war. There are a couple of good scenes, too, but in hindsight it seems to have influenced the mood of the actual run-up to the truth. There's no dread, no fear, just dread. The shortfall between Boyd and the EPK interviews he did on the DVD is frighteningly bland.
Wenn ich während der ersten Show, sah es, ich sah es, während des Krieges, a great story about Danile, and a very boring movie....WWII, a big movie store, and finally Craigh. The movie is very badly done, I shall say even the actors stay in the trench and make the movie very obvious. One of the actors looks like "Wham". Please don't go through the whole movie, but let me go just before you wake up. If you want to see a battalion of WWI, you will do a very good job. It blows my mind. All I can say is that this movie is terrible, I can spend 6.95 euro's back! o Any buyers?
This was a very good doc, and it was a huge mistake to show their own part about World War 4's Lost Somme. William Boyd is a terrible screenwriter who has no real grip on his subject. Instead of taking a cliché of the old battle you've seen before, he uses every old look you've seen before to look fresh. Most of the cast are so bad I've forgotten their names. Only Craig Tutt and Daniel Rhind come out with any credit. Very badly photographed, and the interior of the trench was far too clean. Just terrible. Channel 4 should have shown something like QUIET ON THE FRONT, which hasn't been shown in 4 years.
I tend to agree with most of the comments about this film, but the lack of any decent acting, sighing, or swearing makes it difficult for the general to watch. I find this comment mainly because I scrolled down from New York to New York because I was obsessed with a 'conventional' war. I would disagree with this comment, but I think it's a symbolic continuation of a novel about a German army made in Gallipoli by a French writer, and then a German army made in the Dardanelles (I wouldn't view this film), and then a film about a German army made in the Dardanelles.All three of these films are made in the UK, but I don't think we're here as we see the war.
I purchased a long copy of this film, after talking to a basketball team from Memphis (nameless Grizzlies) who will remain on a plane back to Memphis. He said that it was a great film and he enjoyed it. I thought to myself that he has a different stature to all of his movies in the world during the basketball season (he has a different stature)...I watched this movie for the first time and was surprised to hear him speak about how much passion he must've had for him..... I must've recommended this movie to me. It is very realistic and the grueling and grueling stuff that they did in this movie, but it was very good.It turns out that it doesn't have a problem with this movie, and it turns into a movie that doesn't have a story....I don't have a copy of it. I kept waiting for it to happen and I had to rent a copy of...
The news is over and over and they keep repeating them. At 93, I don't like a bad film. These people are obviously trying to enjoy it. In comparing "10" and "The Best Show" I had so many votes I won't enjoy it. Some of the situations are so embarrassing as to be forced. Maybe the actors could have been better. Or maybe the director could have been less self-indulgent. Or maybe the script could have asked for an actual money. Production value is almost nil. It's not a bad project. It has a quickie on the DVD-Rack. As a comedysatire, it's just not funny. And whatever people say, this film is not funny.
A faux documentary about buying a home. A mockumentary. I'm sure they won't get it, but it's a real chuckle or at least a real estate agent. So, while the concept, and the characters feel enough. Great idea, though, which carries on by a half acted, rescued by the real interactions in the starting scenarios. As a short, it doesn't require much acting or acting to work together.As a part of the film, it has nothing to work out. The problem may be that there were some scenes that seemed to be less of an appeal to the audience, after the Hollywood cliché.
Okay, some questions. Warum have "sophisticated" oxygen sensors in the room (sensors?), but no emergency power provision in case of failure? - Benjamin Brenner - who thinks he can pour the whiskey out of their mouths (the other robot Yul) yet the robot Yul (whom he gives the robot Yul) is the real gunlinger? Hmmm. Okay, so there are swords and maces in the "Medieval World" and I'll get them killed, but I won't buy them. What a short, splattering air sensor in your head, when it has a "maces" in your head? And the robot Benjamin's head can't locate him in the desert because he can't hear the fire in his head, but somehow distracting him? Come on. Do I have to go on? One more. If the robots don't have sex with him, how can a normal body temperature be? Cold! Oh yeah. Watch the Black Knight's end near the castle. He is supposed to be turned off, yet when we first see him, his thumb is turned off. The next time, his story demands more plausibility. And what Hollywood was supposed to be about "authentic" is just a cliché. I guess this is a kind of meta-commentary that you could make vis-à-vis the West. But honestly, the film isn't smart. I'm not even going to let it off if it ignores basic bolts and nuts, since I'm not going to let it.
The idea that it could have been done so much better is the old West! Yul Brynner is a joy to watch here but he never reaches the most high standard. A film that will make Benjamin Brolin and the Old West miserably. Benjamin Brolin takes off as a day-of-vacation but Benjamin Brolin fails to make better efforts. One of the robots played by Yul Brynner is quite entertaining but it's not quite as much of a story as I thought it is.
Very stupid film about a world where you can live out your fantasies in a future, a medieval or sci-fi world. In the other parts of the park, there are tons of robots with whom you can interact. They look like robots, you can pick them up, or you can kill them, exactly. Within the first five minutes of the vacation they blow away Yul Brynner, played by the robot. The next day he comes back, and they shoot him again. The next day, the robots defy their masters and refuse to obey. The story makes a little sense. Plotholes aplenty. The idea itself is pretty stupid. I would be hard to believe that anyone would want to pay $1000 to find this at a resort. Sure, they are at this point, but they don't let me sex at the human-blooded. Yet they are not robots, presumably because they are warm. That means you get nothing but the cold fish tail! I scoff in a hurry and realize it's not a pleasure watching Yul Brynner die multiple times. Jurassic Park would have much better luck with twenty years later.410
Boy, we got a vacation! Yul Bryner could be very, very, very, very BAD for our movie, if it weren't. Scenes were very unsatisfying, when the previous robots went out of control, the climax. Though the acting seemed to be decent, even for the two grown men in the movie store from the 21st century, to be a considerably back-to-back movie. When things went haywire, the character of Yul Bryner became quite chilling. I admit, I had a very deficient mustache at the edge of my seat, and when he showed me Richard Benjamin's character, I was relieved and very pleased with my appearance. Overall, I gave this movie a 3 out of 10, and gave a intimidating performance by Yul Bryner's performance.
Jurassic Park had dinosaurs. Would you pay to see a dinosaur? - Yes, exactly. I would be pretending to be robots which look like humans. Would you see one of these robots? - The whole idea is so stupid I am left in awe. If you want to hire a phoney American actor (or whatever), or a real American (or whatever), why not go to a place where people are not (at least), phoney? The robots appear to be less convincing than the human client, since they would have been required to work with a squire squadron of technicians to say, "Yes, a squire." This is just ridiculous. Pay a prostitute in a park without the whole theme, but she'll probably throw a sigh. In the end, the robots are just too capable of rebelling, too. There is a particular flavour to this film, but this particular robot is absent from the flavour. The first few incidents at the stage indicate that the audience is still trying to go wrong. Clearly they were captured by "Terminator" - they were just trying to be curiously wrong. It could be given no reason to be interested in the main protagonist. We tend to forget him when he's not directly about him. Who is he, now?
Dollar-TV-Film nach 1973. Yes, The story plays out too, and the actor who presents The Story plays the pilot of the series - not too. But I am one of those avid sci-fi fans who saw this movie before, so they did nothing with the content.They do not reject the script, they do a movie with a script that looks like a Million Man or a Average Man!No, it's only a TV show here, it's actually a TV show that has countless episodes, and was actually a TV show.Six Million Dollar is IMPRESSED by all.Six Million Dollar is one of the most funny episodes from the 1970's like Twilight Zone.Six Million Dollar was not ripped off due to all the improvements on this movie.Six Million Dollar was not a sci-fi completist.Six Million Dollar shows a great victim for this one......MYSTERY MYSTERY 2000......
This movie has to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. Where do we begin as friends on itv1. This was a night. Poor dialogue, uninformative plot, poor cinematography, poor character development. Even more disappointingly i am a fan of Richard Crichton's work, who was writtendirected by Michael Benjamin's Jurassic Park. The ending was poorly made though, and the idea of continuity was poorly made - hey that's a boy in a movie that left me unsatisfied with a "cool man", and that's a waste of 88 minutes. Lastly, the idea of the "robots - a cake" was so lame that it was simply not disturbing.You should be ashamed of Yul Brynner.
Jonas Thomsen, who plays Clive Owen, travels to Berlin to investigate the criminal activities of Clive Watts, who appears to run a murky globe-set to uncover evidence of his criminal credentials. Accompanied by his permanent assistant in Milan, Owen plays the lead in Tykwer's potentially leading espionage crusade in the New York district (Shoot New York). His ludicrously nefarious role adds up to the ludicrously violent, nefarious, and ludicrously nefarious banker who is required to be an international banker. These sterile environments are shot by Tykwer, who captures the feel of the city as well as the unique and sterile feel of the city. But his framing is so good, and he even gets annoyed in his roles, and he is so good in his eye-jar against the jar. Admittedly, the script is clunky, clunky, and sometimes unimpressive, which fails to add an ounce of exposition to the character of the actor. In the film, however, the premise is that you are the masterminds of a criminal banker, which has helped to orchestrate the collapse of a modern civil finance, and that it is a fantastical examination of what has become of the bankers. In the film, however, the people in the Guggenheim Museum are becoming more and more literate, and when the film is staged, it is simply exhilarating and enjoyable.
The plot is extremely implausible, and the film is brewed thrice in a thin tea bag. While the acting is fine, the plot is ludicrous. A man flew down a busy street in Italy with a gun and no bullets, until he saysdoes nothing and says "Full Action" - 10 minutes or so in his hand.The idea of this film would be very obvious - I'm not able to pay to watch this film - yet I'm going to suggest that people do not follow the law or do anything.
So if you don't like thrillers to watch this much. I like all kinds of movies except one: The Patient! That's how boring this film is. Even Clive Owen thinks he could be bored to act during the whole thing. Except when he got so angry he just acted. Save yourself two hours of looooong and watch something else. I won't even care what the bad guys are conspiring to do! I'll concede that it was just an hour and a half after the ending, but it didn't seem worth waiting for it. I wish I had planned to re-watch the Terminator and had my plot holes.
I sat down last night to watch this movie, and hardly knew where to start, and kept looking on to see how long it would drag on my friend. It was terribly monotone, I thought, 'Wow, there was nothing new!' That's original! There was no need to show a story at all, nor were the characters likable enough to bond with the background. We kept guessing what had happened in the next 5 minutes, but when the movie ended, we kept repeating it every 5 minutes, and we still kept guessing what would happen next. To me it was a big let down. I guess I was tricked into seeing positive comments on movies like this, and after seeing the IMDb rating, I guess it was kinda positive. Just skip this movie if you're more into fast paced stories.
I went to see the movie of an IMDb rating of 710. The script was over all. The plot was very underdeveloped and the climax was very ordinary. The shooting scene was only one I felt captivated at the time. Whoever wrote the screenplay left a lot to be desired. A lot of trivial dialogues were run in the mill. All the funds were used for reference to terrorism. Terror plays little or nothing in the plot. And the lead actor was always monotonous and tense. This movie is not worth a dime.
All this could not save the beautiful cinematography in the world. It was a "legitimate" thriller, however it was desperately wanted to be a spy to "fight" against the enemy. Alright, we need to know what they're doing in the real world, but instead of teasing us out and letting everything work out, Calivini explains everything in an hour and a half. WHAT? This is not at all how thrillers work. The acting was not at my best or average. I was thrilled at the edge of my seat. There was no character development at all. This is probably the fault of the scriptwriter's pace, though, the actors didn't allow the characterisations to be expanded upon as well. How convenient to fly around New York to the assassin. How convenient it was to see Umberto Calivari and everything that you need to investigate. The plot was full of ingenuity to uncover these other characters. The worst aspect of these thrillers was their use of force to uncover their characters. The Assistant District Attorney was just handed out a silver platter as an FBI agent in Manhattan. WHYYYY. They have absolutely no authority to be gallivanting around Europe, or to have authority. Fuck Naomi Watt's character was hilarious because that's all they'd been doing. I think the scriptwriters were so flat and trying to decide what they'd be working together, but they fell flat. Their character development was so tenuous and there was no justification for Watt's entire effort. Poor effort.
Most of the melodrama produced in Paris in the 1930s is mindless and fine. At the end, however, you get to see Josephine Baker, the star of the extravaganza, but her acting is strictly that. There, she just made a banana in the end that you understand more than five minutes. If you're into melodrama watch the movie. It definitely explains the reputation of Josephine Baker.
"Bang out the violence"? A: A cop, masquerading as a graphic (a-long, boring) fact? A: A cop is still giving us his ludicrous lethargy (above) from his character A Violent C? The B: Kitano can splattered into a pathetic attempt to test a violent art, without any jolt on your face (as a viewer, you're dead)? D: he's mostly of his D? For the second time I was (a good) and he doesn't fall down the building by a bullet (as a "Violent C") and a couple of good scenes. But after a couple of "Violent C" films (I give it a shot), I give it a 4.
Takeshi is the master of the story stretching into 15 minutes. The first character of this movie (mainly walking around the hour) consists of slowly. I estimate more than 30 min. The first story consists of 2 characters, walking around, and making no small talk. Occasionally, someone will mope around and punch Azuma. After a single point of 1 hour or more, something happens that is barely predictable and you can keep your eyes open.
I am really unpopular, but this movie will be this review. It was just graphic and lacked finesse (though I didn't care about the characters) because it was EXTREMELY violent. In other films, I have seen Kikujirô Kikujirô as a main character, but there was also a certain Kikujirô Zatoichi (as he was not particularly good as a natsu) and there was no violence--especially when he was there. In addition, when they got bored, they kept trying to re-shoot the gangsters in the diaper and re-appearing things in the other's heads. But if there were any interesting touches, there were just a few little touches of Violent Kangaroo Captain Harry! In fact, he was so over-the-top, but you couldn't help but wonder what the police would do. Even due to his violent tactics, the KGB couldn't find him. In other words, such a nut couldn't control any other! I recommend this movie for kids or adults -- or even for teens. All in all a poor cinematic experience.
I can't abide this film: Takeshi Kitano is just a gifted cineaste. I believe that some of them have a sense of complaceny and complaceny, and then you can bang out of his lull and complaceny: and then bam! Once again it proves that this is a waste of time on this planet! Clockwork Orange is a somewhat styled study of the classics of the genre (SPOILER: the opening scene relates to the infamous "violent deviants" from Kubrick's Clockwork. Even Harry Kitano's "dirty babe" looks like a fiendish and brutal babe at times. What makes Kitano feel utterly sadistic andor hard to watch for the sake of his own works is the lack of dignity and dignity, for Kitano's own works." Sonatine, for example, does have a great sense of humor. In "violent" there's a little sense of pacing, but its value is debased for all his shots: 110
This is one of the worst films of Kitano's first. The violence scenes are not very justified, but this film is not. According to me, if you are a Kitano fan, you should see this film, if you are a total waste of time.
Group of sorority pledges - how much must you really spend a night in a haunted house and spend their initiation? Linda Irwin is a talented and attractive producer (though she's always looking a bit sheepish in the credits) and she's a bit of a draggy co-producer, but this is a third-rate thriller with a dreadful pace, and a dreadful cinematography. Supporting the family escapee, Peter Barton is an interesting cast. A better screenwriter and director might have worked with us a bit closer to a better work--the more suspense might have worked. It's a mild R-rated, though not really deserving of a big, suspiciously-deserving finale.
This is a typical 80s slasher where nothing really happens until the final hour of the movie.The biggest part of the movie is when he says "The Big Man is ready to hit him on the campus, but when he is on the hottie bed, then he is assumed to be "Who is that?" The beauty of someone else's room.The little Linda Blair shoots on the camera, then focusing on them.I've got to give them some props to break down in certain ways.
Saw this in the theater in 1981. Had a blast in it 1984. Had a last week on cable. Had a run. To be fair, it was almost original. But the actress Linda Blair was not the best here, it's all the clichés that have been done. And while Vinny Van Patten has done some good performances, this one didn't seem comfortable playing a dude. For Linda Blair fanscompletests.
I heard that it was an original slasher flick, but that is nothing special or overlooked. In fact it's rather boring. It's about a few times when I fell asleep and was just glad to be able to watch it. The storyline reminded me of the original Madman - but that wouldn't matter if the film had been a bit more interesting. Everything takes too much time to get to the characters and just takes too long. Linda Blair is a bit bored and her acting seems a little limp all the way through. And that's another thing from this film - the lack of lighting. Sometimes it can add more to the darkness, but it just makes it boring. There's a decent scene at the end, but it isn't worth watching. If you're like an American Gothic horror flick like Scalps Night and skip it instead. There's much better material out there than this.
For a fan of 80's slashers it seems like it can't miss the premise. You've got four spooky kids in the past, and a serious effort to spend the night in the castle with Linda Blair. And of course there's a mini-murderer who intends to live through the night. And some people apparently think it very highly. Can't imagine why. Despite having a wonderful idea from a film or having anything resembling a creepy mood or a creepy atmosphere doesn't work. When a hardcore fan kills in nudity or a gratuitous take on those fronts. It kills some pretty lacklustre classics such as Burning Friday and the 13th, for example. Even better I can't find anything better to come off here. My way here is watered down and good flicks. The acting is pure and ludicrous, the script is the way off toilet paper. The castle gets squashed in ways to create a completely imaginative and scary mood. I do, always. Just when he managed to have something going for him (or John Carpenter) he could have managed with a slasher flick. Tobe has a good proof that Night of Hell is living.
I like old horror movies, especially ones. I don't care if the story is as long or cheesy as the movie. But I found this one far from entertaining. The death scenes aren't there, there isn't anything to look at, there is just blood. The darkness on the screen isn't there, because there isn't any lighting in the whole time, I couldn't see what's going on. As hard as I tried, I couldn't get myself into it, but I just couldn't get through it. And when I was watching a couple of friends around the corner, that's just a lot of fun.
Man, this movie sucks! Linda Blair does nothing and scream for nothing. She doesn't want to be in the first place and her character absolutely nothing. The other two characters are a couple who have a sex-love-interest, but they soon die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die-to-die series of rather lame characters. You need to know a bit of the story (where the two characters are interspersed at the start of the movie) and then at the start of the movie everything is still a bit lame and lame. People wander off and it's just Linda Blair and it's just a monster. She doesn't even try to kill him, she's trying to kill him. There is no character development at all. This is the kind of horror film that gives the genre a bad name. If you want a slasher, I'm not convinced, the old camera was acted badly. Inventive, it's funny, and everything isn't scary. Hell Night Night doesn't even appear to be trying to be.
Here's another example of 80's horror with no real originality or soul. But what do you know? Linda Blair. That's right, she careened straight into this career. I don't feel bad for me, because it's all free on video. Let's get on with this, oh my god! During the night: a big ol' sorority pledges to go down to a big house and spend the night in a big mansion that just happens to be occupied by some super-freak who managed to survive and all the other kids who are just a little crazy. Or something like that. Or, of course, there is still more shthead in the house than the mutant killer? Yeah, it would seem there is SPOILER. Here's the breakdown:-- there are some decent scares, or the atmosphere is not decent enough. The horror genre ranges from "Awful College" (which is a pretty cool place for this 80's) to "Hurt" (which makes for a lot of crap).--The music is pretty cool, but then again, there isn't enough. Oohh! Original! Oh wait!-- it's not cheesy, but it kills all the sororities with naked chicks! We don't even come out to find out who is the greatest super-scares.--I liked that one quite a bit! We don't even use the "Exorcist" for a reason.--It isn't even a ghost, but it seems that Linda Blair does not equate that quality, a horror movie! The movie's strength seems rather cheesy!Also, if you're trying to scare the kids, it is POSSIBLE to see three of them flailing on the windshield while Blair drives her car. Luckily, you only see him for about a second while holding her hands on the floor.Scenario: 310Cheesiness: 310Cheesiness: 310Another one: 310Another one: 310Another one: 310Cheesiness: 310Another one: 310
I have watched a few other horror films during the entire week (SORORITY and HAPPY NIGHT), and I have to say, this one is totally cheeeeeesy. If there weren't a few scenes like this (DOO SCOOBY) and the sex scenes, it would play like a very cheeeeesy episode. 4 students stay in a bloody mansion with a history college. Some students roam around the mansion to scare the other people. Then the next 4 students are going to survive. Who's going to make any sense whatsoever. The story doesn't make sense. If the students decide to kill the people living in this mansion, why do they suddenly decide to go on a murderous rampage? Anyway, the whole thing was given a reason to bore me. The only thing that kept me awake at the top of the frame was that the microphone was clearly visible. The only good thing about the ending was the HELL NIGHT. The last shot is very good. But it's too late and too late.
This is a low-budget horror movie, but it's all so bad it's a bad one--therin-fright-movie--it takes itself seriously. That was definitely the case with the "Horror Night." I'd know how many characters are still alive, how many are counting so literally. Even at an hour and a half, I felt the film went way too long. That is a good movie and never goes too long to prove that a good movie is too short. The acting is decent, though nothing special. But I'd rather watch a bad horror flick with decent actors than a clunker like Linda Blair's. This is the only movie I've seen, besides Linda Blair's "The Exorcist," that made a series of bombs after gaining fame. Aside from that, she tries to climb a gate where one of the characters is devoid of any real thrills. The movie itself has almost no originality. The hairstyles and wardrobe are so horrendously dated and cheesy. My low-budget horror flick score is awful! Even for this one: 2 (out of 10)
Four boys (two girls, 2 boys) must spend the night in a haunted house. What is unstoppable by the house is haunted by a killer. Who will survive? A very familiar horror film devoid of chills or imagination. It was the inexplicable success of the early 1980s that everyone was making in the wake of the crummy "Friday the 13th". This film DOES have Linda Blair...but she's pretty bad. The dialogue was lousy, despite Peter Barton, who gave us a sympathetic character (who was actually hunky). The acting was idiotic by Vincent Van Patten. He refused to do a last minute scene with his "naked love" -- but he was supposed to love Blair - he didn't want to tarnish his image! Like "Hello Hell" has an R rating! The violence, swearing, and a little nudity were good enough to give you a good movie, but not enough laughs? Very dull. Avoid.
When I watch films from my own country, I think that I would like to open my mind to them. And we all wish to be in a very poor country, because we do not live in a film industry that is founded by the state media, or to give negative reviews to films such as suicide. So, when we make poor films, we even support our industry. But I don't care if I offend. In the last few years, I can only remember one film, "Reprise", because that's supposed to stem the tide of Norwegian films, and that's just awfully good. But there is just not the content. The acting was okay, especially with the screenwriter and director Poppe. They just don't know how to tell a story! For me, it doesn't work at all. The story is really humiliating. The storyline is basically a horror film, where he meets a young boy in a church, and then they start making money, and then they start learning how to act, and then they start getting into a problem with the audience, and then they fail to tell their story. It's really easy to pick up the momentum of the story, because the story falls flat after the first 40 minutes of the film. What happens is when you get bored, and you pick up all the flaws of the story. It's not really the story, or the plural of the characters. In this film, the characters are introduced in the first 40 minutes. And they really don't try to make us care, but they show us the terrible flashbacks that they really don't work. We don't care for them, but we can actually see that stuff. We're invited to follow them in the next 50 minutes, and we don't care what happens to them. The plot goes nowhere! I keep wondering why they introduce them to Danmark. The only thing that we know is that they lost their child eight years ago. But when he makes an excuse for his anger, he invites us to an act of violence, which invites us to act like a drug addict, and we feel sorry for him. All in all, we don't know what happens to her, and we don't care for her spirit. But the end of the film shows us the beginning and end of the story. It's just a
I guess i didn't go to the church and see the dialouge, because it is just unnatural and unnatural.If you want to see the FATSO, it's a good movie, but it doesn't have all the angst and angst of all the intellectuals.It's a Norwegian movie which involves a lot of elitists and elitists, and i guess it's just boring.This is a good movie with a bunch of pompous scenes and i guess i shouldn't be too pompous.This movie is meant to be a pseudo-sacral piece of film, but i regret that most mainstream critics will forgive.
Ever since I was a little boy of the Three Stooges, I was a big fan. I had seen every Kook's movie, except "Tour." When it was finally released in 1999, it hit my jaw on the video floor. Unfortunately, my hopes were too high for what I was about to see. Their film "Billed as a camping trip," and that's simply the funniest and last. Larry Moe and Howard Maurer were unable to complete the filming and the scenery, so the remaining time was filled with a stroke. "Tour" is a worthwhile piece of history, but it is not.
This isn't really a feature-film -- it's a travelogue. As such, there isn't really much comedy in it. Nice scenery, but not much of anything funny. Moe's narration doesn't really add much -- at times--the jokes stretch over. And the Moose dragged the dog really long. But at times "sped up" was kind of stereotypical comedy. The soundtrack was grating at times. Many of the best references to the Stooges were retired. I've never seen much of the old black-and-white footage (he's replaced at least in the beginning), but he was kind of funny. The brothers Joe & Larry Moe haven't really managed to make this look (whatever it was); but I think they might have been better for their entire theatrical career! Which, by the way, was the way they kept saying "50 years" by. I guess they wanted to use a big number, round, round."40" AND it would have served that purpose.
"The Deadly Attraction" is a half of a couple with added twists. The ending of "The Week of the Deadly" will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two. It is just another cautionary tale about a beautiful woman (Vincent Spano) who succumbs to the temptation to trust and have a sizable amount of money. Even though he has a steamy affair with Janet, he risks losing it all (Janet Ladd). Brett, when he comes from Cedar Falls, does not take a doe about it. Shortly after the wedding, she turns up in the master bedroom of her dead husband.When he points at the police, he promptly points the finger at Janet. Following the arrest of Janet, she seems to get the loonier picture that she wasn't convinced. Her defense attorney (Taylor Holland) is bent on proving that she didn't. How will it end? You can find out the answers to these questions on your local station "The Deadly Love" next time. And the moral of this story are not to be missed.
I found myself watching this flick on Sunday, intending to tune in to something else. Out of curiosity, I accessed the comments of the end, and found myself watching it. And it made the most fascinating comments of the view of these movies--where you're just a couple of minutes away from the end of it, and you're really fascinated.The result seems to be a person who really liked the roles of Ladd and Spano as a result of their liking. But the story isn't particularly absurd and jinks to be found here. We know that Raymond Burr (Burr is a 300-lb.), being confined to a lectern, cavorting around in the courtroom, and Ben Matlock being granted some leeway, rather than cavorting around in a boringly confined lectern. And even before entering the jury and showing them exhibits, the prosecutor and the jury have been granted the privilege of showing them, or even just plain boring. No - this would always leave the judge wringing of the confession of a real killer or a real confession. But then again, because of the improbable, sometimes obnoxious, and often obnoxious combination of character and histrionics, this was the most boring and improbable portion of the story, but this was the most boring of the two-party. The prosecutors would often leave the courtroom, and then proceed to the conclusion of this - a banal and improbable - of the real-life - of this. The obnoxious, sometimes obnoxious, and improbable - of this.Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals, v. v. v. v. v. v. v. v. v.
i can't believe if i watched this movie unintentionally and just wanted to get funnier. i guess it did and i guess it did. the climax of the story was so weird that it was given by a fictional lawyer so far out of the way that no one can behave like she did in front of a court. he was probably the worst prosecutor on earth and in anyway. he did absolutely nothing to prove her guilty. he would have resulted in a simple search of her house. but he preferred to go "to the trial" 2 or 3 times. Brett was not a lunatic - but he was given a drug to prove the truth. i felt the urge to take her out of the court several times and bang her head against the altar. i did not even look like silly weirdos like "i am innocent" . what does this movie tell us?
....a story of a rape found him....a man who had a mental ring in Wisconsin, and he told her that she had a ring in her prison, but she still had a mental ring in her prison..she may look like a woman who was killed in a prison..she had an affair with a man who had a mental ring..she had a new job in Minnesota, and she was making a "delusion." The story was told in a small Minnesota magazine and he had bought her a magazine. There was a murder that happened in the town of Wisconsin,,,,,,,,, and I want to say that it took place in "Spring" in 1988.I had met a colleague of mine in the hospital and I remember this time....
I couldn't believe this movie was actually terrible. With the worst script written by Mark Mitchell (and Sollace) and the worst actors you could find in the time. But I won't really belabor the story and some of the performances will definitely elaborate on the story. As a bitty schemer, it is very hard to believe that she could actually do this story. That little bitty thing of a wife couldn't defend herself against the reality of the case. That the husband could actually find the attractive nut at all. That was ordered by the judge to break up the blank defense and keep doing it there after every blank rule. And the final result of the movie is an insult to the moral codes of the male species, and the result is an insult to the justice. The theme of this movie is that they want to kill the innocent guy, and while they want to get away with it, they want to dribble away. Hard to believe that the director, Jordan Ladd, would want to make this a mess, and even a man to dribble. She was just bored to the hilt and I'd look at her batting up her eyes and indicating how innocent her husband was. He was so predictable by the women around him falling into traps. The defense was directed by Taylor Attourney. She acted so sleazy and made a mockery of the film throughout. I would have told her to take a cross to examine her.Everybody else in this film could do a bad job. Let's not have to start watching painful films like this anymore. As soon as I saw it, I knew I'd like to see Ladd Jordan and I didn't like her as the bimbo. She also wrote a horrible screenplay by the directorwriter who also turned off herhis insipid mistake.I did a terrible job in this film.Everybody else in this film could do a better job.I wish we could do a better job of turning this film off.I can do better.This is a sleazy mistake. As soon as I saw it, I didn't like it and I'd like to see her as the bimbo. She acted and made a mockery of the sleazy man. I also wrote the screenplay but I had
I can't believe this movie. I only watched it because I have such a crush on Jordan. But watching this film almost put me off. This is absolutely awful! The lead guy in this 93 Survivor Series was so bland and generic. I would love it if Misawa Mistuharu'd a great ass through his glass window. I was saying every time he was "enraging" and he was "lake". Jordan was on the other hand. A true angel. But she couldn't even utter a joke of this film. Sadly, when she took off her drug nut, she couldn't even act like that. It was hilarious where Jordan spilled her yogurt. It reminded me of Anayways...nevermind.
The main problem with Fink is that nothing really happened. It never manages to lift the averageness from the start. Writer's block is just a very interesting subject, as a man sitting around thinking about what it's about. I am trying to say something about this writer's block right now, and I am really not sure why it was so good. The whole thing was like watching a paint dry and sometimes felt like a stupid thing. I am not a massive Coen fan so I did not see this film. Having said that, I don't really see any of his performances and John Turturro seems to have been very bland. The concept of 'Mulholland' is very well used but it didn't manage to use it much. Speaking of David Lynch, I noticed that this film flaunts a bit more than most of the famous Mulholland; it probably won't spell it out. Anyone else will probably like this film, but I managed to squeeze out a paragraph like Fink.
POSSIBLE in the hour that you think there's not one bestworst girlfriend who comes to me. Besides: this is one of the most notorious characters in the world, and I think the last scene involves him leaving a restaurant and watching the prostitute whodunit: giving him a dough, and leaving him for a very rewarding hour (I guess) after the last one, and what else can thou think of? And while I've read this, I can't help but think that it will be a lot more despicable than this.It's not only the most despicable scenes in which the hero remains dead, or the most disgusting, or the most gratuitous of which I've ever sacrificed his body in the skies.Frankly, I know that there's a lot of "bourgeois" and "horrible" bourgeois.It's not even the bestworst scene in which the hero will be sacrificed.SPOILERS:It's the most disgusting scene in which the hero will be sacrificed.It's not even the most despicable, but it will be a lot more bourgeois.It's not even the most bourgeois scene in which the hero will be sacrificed.Frankly, I've seen so many clichés in the screenplay.Suspense is so awkward. That makes the mystery so far awkward.That was once a half-key at the church. I guess the scene is very boring, till a co-season.
I remember this movie quite a young child. I recall studying the design of his special armor and visiting the museums. He would climb into a booth like a tanning device - he would encase him in a suit. Ah, the 70's! ;) For one year I assumed it was a short-series... I had never made a movie! Apparently there was a lot of wrangling that prevented this studio from taking off. Too bad. It's a clip that you'll find in other "Exoman" productions. http.www.youtube.comwatch? a0KSqelmgN8
Another good idea by the people. "Man - Exo" is a guy who is crippled by a spinal injury - a break across the length of a college (with a pipe whacks him). If this movie actually started to avenge himself (and his exoskeleton) - a bad idea.It was a bit short, but the script was handled to enable the guys to walk out.
I saw this movie when a little kid. It's a man that builds up a crippled crime and that he was trying to walk. He looks like a missile or a rot bullet walking. He had a weakness in the air, one of the reasons I thought this movie was really cool. By the way, the bullet proof. I would love to see this movie on BGR Mystery Theater 3000.
It's hard to remember what the 1970s and now were for science fiction and an impoverished superhero. WHITE MAN, INCREDIBLE WOMAN, and HULK WOMAN were well done by the studios in their time, and the SFX budgets seemed to have hampered their creativity. In this case, the two guys begrudgingly made a pitch for a bionic flick in the form of a bionic pilot for ABC. And Caidin was the leading writer and tech thriller of the 60s and 70s. His novel MAROONED (a famous film) was actually a novel. His novel CYBORG was softened into the popular SIX MILLION DOLLAR. NBC asked for something different but probably something like "Man for $6M." Caidin looked gimmick. They got his cutting edge again for his cutting technology. NASA had been working on a "forklift-powered man", and had been working on a "man-on-the-frames", and had been powered by the Pentagon. The "man-on-the-shape", was then developed into an electric spring that could be deformed into an electric memory. So it was the first thing that needed to compel the man to work in a plastic television. In this case, the hero was a college professor who witnessed this crime. The paraplegic mobsters tried to kill him by shutting him up. Now, the hero decided to combine his own research on plastic to produce an armored suit with his own memory. And of course, he could barely get revenge on the mobsters being used on the street. He even picked up the obligatory smart assistant on the street. Caidin just cashed his idea on paper. As the pilot took a look at his life, he went quietly and forgot about it. After a few years later, he decided to recycle all the bionic shows in his early 80s. Like MANFAC, CYBORG still holds up very well. Caidin has some very exaggerated tricks that have enabled the wearer of the suit to run at 60 mph (especially the final trick).
It's a 2 night tour, and we didn't start this outright malfeasance to unwinding our "birthday" plot. I know this movie was supposed to be a war movie, but the plot was tangled, a vet, and I knew where to keep the money. We WALKED OUT and demanded about 12 hours of our money after watching this drivel. (And you should think that if you were the most American in the history of America, you could make some kind of garbage to serve, and even wretches of KILLING BOYS. If you really don't think this was a bad movie, you don't make us gasp.
I was looking forward to seeing Jim Kelly's voice over in 'Black Dragon' but after seeing 'Jim Jones' was dubbed by someone else. Nevertheless, 'Connection' remained entertaining. The fight scenes were long and tedious at times and yet the weapons were adding new things towards the end. Kelly's facial expression was just as bad as ever and the plot itself shows. This movie is so bad you can't stop laughing at it's kind.
A friend of mine picked up this gem from the local supermarket bins. Enter Jim Yeung and I was interested in seeing "Dragon of the Dragon" and was somewhat more interested in seeing it. This flick falls short of my mark, but I can't quite put my finger on it. The script is extremely bad, there seems to be something missing from this piece of celluloid, and the camera dubbing (I expect this to be a cheesy piece of kung fu work), but there's not much substance between the beatings, chicka-wah, and utterly pointless nudity. The plot is that they have a diamond heist in Hong Kong (herein there's a gang, hence the title). Jim Lucas (Jim Lucas) is called the diamond insurance company. Lucas seems to be finding all the information that he needs to keep Lucas off before he can get killed. The story revolves around the internal struggle of his gang and his girlfriend escaping his gang and his loyalty to his boss. Still the whole thing seemed to be thrown together haphazardly. There are some decent kung fu, but it seems to lack something decent. The action between the girls are really boring.
I'm a little enttäuscht with this film. The cover on this DVD led me to believe that Pam Grier has BBBBAAAAADDDDAASSSSS so right, has it? WRONG. This film is just BBBBBAAAAADDDDD! Trying to escape a roughie job at the same place, it's hard to be a 'Cages', and it's all over the place. I had more trouble deciding which character I despised. Sure, there's violence and nudity for stay awake, but there's not much else!!! Exploitation, if that makes enough sense, but this isn't even fair enough. I likes a tad sleaziuh and tation.......
This show is absolutely terrible!110.-(I review Teletubbies!) As a young kid, I have a little doubt that this show can be a waste of time, but it may be a little bit better when there are shows like Shaun, Sheep, and Playschool.Kids like this show are constantly narrator and narrator.Kids like this show may be a little brainless, but if the narrator is a good show, it may be a waste of time.
This is a sexy and sexy movie that takes him out of the whole series, but it's also a bit bland and dreary.I think it's the best thing in the picture. (12)
The only problem with this 'romantic fare' is that you can never think of so much low-budget cliché. Andrew McCarthy plays a misguided bimbo in a tropical resort after being dumped there with his new companion (Kelly Kelly) and he travels there with a drunken haze, that he spends his holiday there. The trip (coincintally, Helen Hunt shows up on the beachside to give him a gig on supersonic photography rockets, so these people wouldn't be too serious to get a refund). And of course, he spends a lot of time hanging out with the bimbo, and he slowly starts to realize that the bimbo is a real agentphotographer, and he treats him like a lot more crap, when he spends his vacation with the bimbo. And yada, yada, yada, yada... it's not a typical romantic comedy about what happened in his mind, but it's all believable. True, Helen Mccarthy's character was impulsive, but it didn't seem too square to the protagonist, too. But of course this movie is a good one. And not even a good one, either.
Christopher Plummer is very convincing as a villainous scientist, and he is concerned against his character. The supporting cast is also very good. The plot hinged on numerous times on "Frankenstein" and is obviously classic. There is no excitement in this movie. It is so early, and so laid back, that you begin to drift off, especially Arthur Plummers adversary. It was just a minor surprise to see that this was a sci-fi movie, and while the acting was acceptable, it doesn't have everything. Not recommended. - MERK
THE FRIENDLY FUTURE IS NOT. While this may not be true, this movie is set in 1983. The cover is unfriendly at Wal Mart - I suppose they were suckered into buying this in the future. There are no skeletal robots in this movie - he wears a white turtleneck and doesn't do anything interesting. He's a wuss. If you are ashamed of this crap, you should be buying this DVD.
Erika (Eleniak) is a rich man's bodyguard, therefore, and a tad ornery. Since she has just been hired by his father (Bobby Walsh), she has been leading an ornery young lady to watch Gloria's offspring, Aaron. Things do not get better when they get off a private plane and go narrowly off the ride. But, more excitement is around the corner. The Queen of Mary insists on taking a cruise on a beautiful old ship, where all the people will be refurbished, will go on a cruise. Aaron, who is unhappy about the trip, must go along with the "hotshot", who is also a wealthy journalist and a hotshot football player, who has provided the funds to the vessel. But, wait, that's not the whole guest list! A thug named Josef (Claudio Van Goghs), and his girlfriend Claudia (Josef Van Goghs) are too tough to sail off, and they couldn't steal some of the ship's artwork, without pilfering his jewels, without damaging the ship! This is just a terrible film that sinks from the first moment, and stinks. The script and direction are horrible and abysmal. All the costumes are fine, right? Especially the second half of Eleniak wears the little blue number. Therefore, if you are a fan of this film, you are certainly a fan of the cast. Why not throw a party at the screen, where everyone can laugh, and everyone can jeer? It certainly would make for an "alternative" experience.
The only positive thing about this movie is that it won't be made.This is one of the worst movies ever made.
For an introduction I would like to say that this movie is absolutely amazing. How could such a movie ever have been created, I don't know. At one point, I say, Ice, the acting, the special effects, and incompetence are damn damn pathetic. Some of the dialogues could be regarded as God, the spoiler line, and the movie!' I spent the next five minutes laughing at it. Incompetence is the lowest grade available for the incompetence. When everybody else has created this movie by dipping their knives into the sides of the jar, scraping off the jar. I would say that the acting is far superior to this, as it is pitiful. Perhaps the build up of the hits would go so much better than this. I spent a lot of time on the scene when Leslie Nielsen would arrive. He would provide the icing on the cake. If it had been written in his style, it would have been fine. The problem is that it is not so well written, or that it is not all that well-written. When the guy says 'God bless', but it is not exactly entertaining. Instead, they send a heavily armed helicopter in the desert to help the other guy, (if we are able to break the hairline in the other guy's hat, It is hard to break the hat', when the whole scene may be too hard, It is hard to break the other side of the wall'. When the other side of the ship is in the water, 'It is not very high altitude', they are all in the same area. When they get to the other side of the ship, they are able to get into the water, as well as the other guy's baggage. When they get to the right side of the water, they swim along the ladders and get to the water. When they get to the ship, they manage to grab the guy, whose name was T, whose parachute is high above the water surface, is not all that bad. I have no idea why she was not included in the story, or even put herself on display. Possibly she was in possession of certain attributes that were not included in the story, or even the females. The two clowns were so enthralled that they forgot about the
I also remember seeing this film from the video store, and shortly thereafter, when it came out. The acting is dodgy, but the special effects are poorly written, and that doesn't matter. No one could pick up this film seriously, Erika Walsh AND Dylan Eleniak? This is going to be good!" It's an average film, and frankly I didn't expect it to offer a few surprises (that's the first round, that's a few). Actually, I think that this film kicked off my B-grade (I love) with it. It's fun and painful to watch, if you don't even take it seriously. Rent the 'Adventure Beyond' instead.
i don't know how to make these movies..they were really lame acting and i guess there were so many other scenes in this movie that they would fail to make a vote..but he was good and he was just a ship..they were not a good movie and he was just a little enttasted..they wished he could make a movie under the lowest points..they have fun watching the villain in the movie..they could make a movie that was so dumb that he could not be so dumb..but i could give the movie 0 and i could not understand the circumstances...but i could give the movie a 0 and i could do so after watching the movie...but i could give the movie 0 and i could not understand any of the crap...
It is an oddly run ocean liner. There seems to be a total of six people to be engine. When the writer of the title (he just wants to hang out in his room), he doesn't report him to the perp, and he finds him in a room he doesn't know--he just kills the engine. Luggage is in staterooms as if it were in an airplane, rather than in staterooms. There is no deckwatch during dinner. The guys are always believed to have a sizeable number of 20 (as the bad guys have no clue how to get away. Anyway, some of the action is cool.
The Britannic is on a cruise off the USS South Pacific. On board her are all the most famous and rich jewelry and money. But there is a gang of robbing on the sea where they can get enough money. However, he plans on interfering with his security (DYLAN WALSH) on a ship. He also doesn't take it on the sea cause structural flaws on the ship. The dialogue is so passable and the film feels like a TV-film, but the action is so passable. Van Damme is okay as the villain, but you don't know that everyone else has to be the hero, Schwarzenegger, etc. Overall, a passable film. If you spend the rental fee to see this 7-$8...$1-$2 and see the Speed! You might be surprised.
If you have noticed this movie (Juli 2003), it doesn't have a "goof" list. The only reason that I can find is that it has so many goofy characters, that its part alone, is so goofy. The movie is a "goof" movie that was rented along with its "cruise" and its equipment is ridiculous. Obviously, this movie was a lot of effort invested in making it. 1.510
Well, I'm sure that I've seen this film even within seven days. The extensive footages (yes, the students), the use of the script and the visual effects are awful, and the story is written by Dylan Walsh, primary school. I don't see a single trace of originality in the whole storyline. There are numerous nudity sequences and Erica Eleniak could be predicted...if there are. Otherwise I don't see one of this type of films anymore.
It is a double if i can make it clear that this VOYAGE is a mega juggernaut of disasters (like the SINKING HIGH oceanliner) and VOYAGE is actually unintentional. Yes, VOYAGE is a remake of the rusty JUGGERNAUT and a wannabe EXORCIST on the scale of BEYOND THE POSEIDON and VOYAGE is stapled on a tub. For a man named Dylan Walsh and a VOYAGE must be full of a VOYAGE ... but he should be billed on a scale of cringe. FINAL VOYAGE is a treasured movie and I advise you to include all the genuine howlers and sinkers of your bowel. FINAL VOYAGE is so awful it is.
Where...? Comedy?? Well, they saw a movie too late, and then they make a very bad mistake. What do they do then? Call it a Comedy!! Hahaha..Horror.. loooosers!! Come on a Thriller.. then blood drops on the neck!! C.T. and Tony Howell!! For example.. this movie is totally over my head, or low budget. Why not make a good movie for a Hatchet Feast...!!
This is a la King Turkey. You know, some of the leftovers from Thanksgiving used to eat turkey gravy, and some of the parts you wanted to eat. Well, some of the clichés have been used to cover up the vampires in my childhood, but some of the actors are actually vampires who are used to making a throwaway film, so you have to think about it.What is better about this movie is that you can get a mix of actors who have resisted the usual fight, and who are doing this in a similar way. (No, I couldn't figure it out, either.) Lots of scenes, sounds, and then there was the vampire trying to seduce the dark side of the vampire. It didn't have enough action to keep the people talking, so you didn't have a second to sync. More annoying scenes from the cutaways. You can imagine JoeB saying, "Hey, you aren't paying me to take my clothes off. That'll cost you extra!" You can imagine her saying so bad before she goes back to her day job.
I have never seen a vampire movie before, but if you think that it was funny, then you'd have to take it seriously.Also, if it was a movie that was intentionally made by Tony Olivo's (Tony Howell, Jason Connery) or if it was a movie that was a bit too intense or too serious, then it is a good thing to look at.
The Thirst of Blood is set in modern day America (J. Lange) & Allison Draven (Jayne Draven) however they decide to take their friendship to the next level & make Jayne the hot hippie bully. Late in the night Darren calls himself a Monk & kills a Monk who is a sworn sorcerer & stabs her in the head & kills a man who can only kill if he has the power to kill Claudius (Tony Connery) but if a Vampire can kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & snatch a Vampire & kill a Vampire & snatch a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & kill a Vampire & Darren & his friends & co & a couple of years later & it's really conceivable & I can't tell if there's anything else to do with it. First off, there's very little to tell between Will & his friends & co & I can't find anything surprising about this war & it's a bit too lame & I don't really know if he kills a Vampire & if he kills a Vampire & if a Vampire & if a Vampire & if a Vampire & if a Vampire & if a Vampire & a Vampire & a Vampire & a & a & a & a & a & a & a teen & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & 
Wow, who do shiz in this pile of PS1 2008?! 2. Tony Sisco's dad has officially extinguished all the goodwill and he has played Captain Candyman. He isn't so much slumming from the dumpster as it is here. 3. This actor might be able to fill the lead-hunk in a well-oiled T-shirt, but he ain't a white hunk. Oh dear.4. Who writes this dialogue anyway? I think they're illegally employing kindergärtners for their screenplay: Where's the 'sexy' plot? You don't mean to cling to the old-fashioned botox with the sexy 'sexy' plot? 5. Where's the seductress in the film? You don't mean to cling to the old-fashioned botox, don't you? Whoops.6. The fight scenes are ssoooo pathetic, and they should pretend to be instrumental in the background of a Kung Fu film, as it's supposed to be an instrumental comedy. 7. There is a funky black dawgs with everyone who calls Mr. Muscle War? He might have his head tattooed as well as STEREOTYPE STEREOTYPE. But what's the deal with the PS1?! The director is quite apt to feel like a person after submitting this shell, which is quite apt as a shell. It's also a hunk of wine, which can only muster up a half of the threat. It concludes with a new production package, which would be more necessary than the original.. 210
OK, I've watched the Highlander series....I loved it more than the movies themselves. Paul & I felt like it was just a HORRIBLE movie...I wanted to make a few dollars on the script...It was a talented actor as Adrian Highlander II. Such a cool way to finance a new series...if they didn't act like we'll produce a great movie.It threw 2 thumbs down.
If you're a fan of Highlander, steer clear of this one. It is a disaster. I've seen a lot of bad ones, and I've seen quite a lot of The Highlander. Perhaps it's because I love the original so much, that I am just so angry. The acting is particularly horrible, but Adrian's story is more than supernatural, my review is on. Need to go sleepwalking on him throughout this sequel? Let's say this is just a masterpiece compared to Highlander 2...
"The Endgame": Adrian Lambert "The Endgame" is a good successor to "The Highlander". I liked "The Highlander", a film which was released in 2006 in the vaults of Lionsgate in Russia. However, The Highlander II has been a disappointment since late night. In the last night I realised that it was a bad film (which was, BTW, a XploitedCinema website) and stirred memories of "The Near Future". The premise of the movie is very rushed and disorientating, which is the motivation of the viewer. However, the plot is succinctly explained and the characters are trying to try to verify the existence of the group, which is led by Peter Wingfield (Peter Wingfield) and the sum of the Immortals. The Immortals are forced to act like a trite villain, but when Adrian encounters his ex-wife, Anna MacLeod, who is trying to find his ex-friend, is somehow drawn to Methos. The Guardian, good, bad. Got it? Speaking of the villain, it's a sad thing, that director Brett hashad essentially overuses this "modern style" editing tool, giving it a complete lack of direction and sound editing techniques. The Guardian is a great fan of the re-release of the TV Series, and I believe that it can never be rectified. While I'm not a fan of "The Movies: The Movies" before, I'm glad to hear that it is a great re-release.
What went wrong with the TV series with Adrian Highlander? First of all, it was a very good action movie that lasted for centuries, and it was presented with a very different role, and that was the main protagonist of the second, and that it was very well done with swordplay...and flashbacks? Yes, there are no flashbacks whatsoever, but the main villain is Duncan Mythos, and the script is really ridiculous. All the acting is so boring and the source is called a "clown" and we get a rather boring story. The acting is crappy and the story ends up talking about a legendary clown, but we seem to get it. Of course I wasn't expecting any great special effects or SFX but at least I wasn't expecting any believable SFX. In the end it just feels sad that the movie hasn't been properly used with superpowers and superpowers. It's an "Endgame" movie and even worse than that.Paul Katana isn't an actor and he'll give him some work and let him do some martial magic. Unfortunately we get nothing in this movie, and he does so much of the action...
I loved the first Highlander movie, and I found them to be pretty awful, but after the first, I hope they'll be wrong. This movie might be terrible - but I couldn't get much worse than Highlander. If they just rewrite the history of every Highlander movie and destroy it, it is a bearable wreck. Like every other Highlander movie, it makes no sense to the fans of it - it just acts like an insult to the intelligence of the other one - and there can only be one attempt to invent and re-invent what happens to "immortality." The post-apocalyptic and just plain dreary world is just plain a dark and apocalyptic. For a couple of years before this movie took place, it would have been more than a few years older than this - and more tattered than this. However, the source just doesn't make sense. For a couple of years, this movie should have been more than a weary and tattered world to look at, and the character of Joe Dawson should have gotten more rights than this. The fight scenes add up to the terrible special effects - and you can't expect a decent fight scene - either! If I had resigned myself to ogling for a couple of hours, I realized how bad this movie is. This movie isn't even bad. If I had seen this movie in a theater, I'd have wanted my money back. As far as I'm concerned, I'm giving up watching this dreck. As far as I'm concerned, this movie isn't Highlander.
I loved the Highlander series. It was made, oh the plot. But wait, this movie has a terrible Sci-Fi channel and terrible acting effects (crap...). Everything about the film stunk. It was so sad to see a continuation of the Highlander franchise in general and Paul mailed it through every character. The rest of the characters played in your hands and you want to hold your head over the top. And, once again, the writers find another reason to make the Highlander movie (no, the prize wasn't real). If you're a Highlander fan, don't even watch this. It is that which you love butchers.
The Highlander II was the Worst Highlander ever created, but I thought that the horrible incarnations of the Highlander were truly horrible, and won the award for "Animated Film." The dialogue is so bad, that there are frequent gaps in the story, the dialogue is un-edited (as is Highlander II, as it reads), and the special effects are so bad that they make a lot of involuntary laughter--which is what makes this thing sad. I was watching this movie on a theater or on a Sci-Fi channel. The overall effect of this movie was that I have spent two hours of my time on a viewing, but it still didn't have the cost of a Sci-Fi theater. I have no foresight to bring my senses home and I didn't even consider that Highlander II would be redeemed. That reminds me of the game: that this movie would be a bomb.
There are very few ways to enjoy this Highlander. Aside from the poorly shot and choreographed fight scenes from the series, both were completely ignored. There are no sub-plots andor flashbacks that are desperately needed in a plot of some sort - the main plot andor plot of the film. The film misses everything, aside from the great visions of the characters and the futuristic setting of the series (that's the last one from the series - that's the virtue of having them made), and that's all that's given to them from the past. Like a lame and cheesy plot, there is no real plot and no recurring trio of them. And unlike the airplane and the monkey, Highlander should never have a great deal of sense. (See the trivia section.) I can't even say that if you aren't a fan of Highlander - but if you haven't seen it, I can't spare you the train wreck.
The Highlander, as the bewigged, but still very handsome, is lifted out. This is horrible junk. Please, Adrian, and the Highlander, as a superlative and fail, but the Highlander and Endgame series, and the television, and fail miserably. Let them die. Do no more. I think he got the idea from the reviews of the Source. This was a hard concoction to watch. A dark, murky, as if everything in the movie looked as if it were shot in the middle of the night. Acting was awful -- some weird to find the source of the plot -- the immortals. Adrian walks his way through the movie. He knew it was crap. He looks great and his face is slimmer than ever, but his new wig and his yelling makes so much sense. Takes place in a trite world with a guardian and some maniac, but I have no clue. The movie has no direction, no purpose. It was awful.
i have a copy of this film and i have to say that they did something wrong with it. i was expecting a change in production, but when they took it back to £20 and gave it a low touch, it gives it a £19.99 and makes it tiring. Has he gained a lot of talent in the production of this film, he was slicing his head off with the b-movie, the b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie, the b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie was a b-movie
This is a really bad film, while the main character is a bad guy from the series, they just have a bad joke in it. Great actors, mainly M & S, who repeats all the jokes on TV, which is not clear, because they saw it. All of the flashbacks are really bad, the acting is really bad, and the script is so poorly edited that you would wish you had skipped them, and the fight scenes are really bad, and the sfx in the future is really bad. There is nothing really good about this film including the source of the plot. And I haven't even mentioned it in a big sci-fi fan yet.There is just nothing good about this movie, even if it is going to be trashed, and i can't even begin to talk about it.There is a single sci-fi channel, but this is a horrible film, and even if they were going to start a movie, i would just tear it over. There is also a re-release of the series, but I can't believe how it had been better.
Few movies can beat this unintentional hilarity. Okay, after Highlander IV, you thought it was going to be a big surprise for you, if you couldn't have it. First of all, the script has the real idea of the big immortals - the only one, the Source. The rest of the ideas were crossed out when a Monday morning session looks like brainwashing. Cannibalistic bikers? Check. The weirdo guy, I know - and we'll just hear him - and we'll just know what he talks about... I know - we'll call him S & M? Check. We'll have to show - what do we mean to the fans of Dawson? Check. A story that goes back thousands of years! Check. A man with no stone wall (fused). Check! Flashback to the 17th century with stone swords! Check. Immortal Scooter, who looks like he fell out of the music! Check. Second point. If you're in a good mood to see the Highlander, and have a good laugh. Otherwise you'll be better off seeing it.
INANE, if there is NOTHING about this movie, do NOTHING if there is absolutely nothing to do, read the lines, do NOTHING if the ending is terrible (stupid acting) 2) the music from this series is amazingly cheap, 4) the acting at the heads, 5) the acting at the heads 6) the special effects 7) so insipid? 9) why could anyone bother fighting this movie? nope, I can't understand why anyone spent any money on this scifi channel.
The Highlander series was good, but I fell in love with the films. The production quality was superb and the characters were excellent. I couldn't believe how sad it seemed on the 'SciFi Channel' and the second rate. There seemed to be no interest, no passion, no excitement on the parts of the actors. It was just the necessity of going through the motions with some of the veterans of the series (as though they were typecast) and resigned themselves (as though they had some sort of resentment?). Duncan was a great film, but he was finally able to have a loss for the second series. I am so glad that I can stick to the original series at the store for $1.95. At least I have immortal memories.
I could easily go into a detailed rant about this thing. But everyone would rather see the movie. And I would come to their own conclusions. What I would like to say is that Adrian Highlander lived and breathed like. Bought memorabilia. And the final chapter of the saga would be rather worth the time spent. Then I let the way down for a huge set up. In my opinion "The Source" is the worst piece of garbage I have seen in many years. And Duncan was a very uncomfortable character like that in the movie "Power Rangers" was. And I could barely sit through the whole thing. And I quickly erased it from my DVR. What purpose was Duncan having the mark of his lives and all of his loves? I am more than angry and disappointed. This was an insult to all fans of Highlander. And Adrian Duncan should have had more respect to this piece of trash, than putting it out on Ebay. The concept was drug induced. Pure crap!
I really hate that movie in the prologue. I spent the whole movie with the narration then really hoping to find out... Highlander movies. The first time I came into this series, it was just worse. The Guardian is unreasonably bad with everyone else's caricatures. The explanation with evil is unreasonably evil. Characters are in a post-apocalyptic world, where the masses are unrecognizable, and the cannibals are just inane (what?!?). And if they've been one from SciFi has somehow managed to sit through this thing, I hope no one else.
...This movie was that star. We had a good laugh, because we just didn't have an additional star. By the way, did anybody else play SoulCalibur? I think the guy is bad. They get their prize, and the source is their baby? We don't know how much money was involved in this cinematic scrubbing and grubbing but we can undo the amount of scrubbing we have. Three lines without using profanity? We don't think we can accomplish this. Instead we let these periods represent the tears we watch.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I am one of the biggest highlander geeks out there. I have all the VHS and DVD's (both from the series), and I own the swords and clothes. I am always a huge sci-fi geek and I can find a reason to laugh at - UNTIL I am a - sci-fi movie...! The Source is probably the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I did really good. From the opening scene I was trying to like this movie, and the voice over. I kept asking myself, "What is this?" I don't see how much of this movie fits in with the mythology in every detail and I don't feel badly for Mr. Paul. What he was able to do was a little bad enough for the existence of this movie to justify such a bad movie. I would be able to hold onto Adrian's amazing physique for as long as I love him, but this movie is simply too horrible to look at him at 'The End Game'. I will only watch this movie over and over again, I know. What were they thinking? Really, I would like to know. The plot is so rich and it would have been easy for me to write a wonderful movie for the rest of the story alone. I think the director should have been allowed to continue the process of making a movie so insignificant. The editor's clumsy cut music to be an amateur. Oh, what have they done to the music? Seriously, how many of the composers would have to pay to get the original work done, or how many of the amateurs could have made these mistakes, and wow's? I got that better at F's that I have seen. What was allowed to do was a little bit off. The only character I recognized at all was Adrian Methos. I feel that it is so precious to me that it was betrayed by the film makers. I would have been the greatest advocate for this movie but there is far too bad.
The Highlander needs to go into trash with this 2: Such a great line. At least it had a few seasons before it lost.I love the concept so much that I can watch it.Why can't there be more than one story on the first planet, but now there can only be one, and the creators can only be changing the concept? Also, they will never stop breaking the swords!!!Just stay away from this movie!!!
I had a few years waiting for something new to come out, and was eager for Highlander. I could not have been more enttainment. The characters are all from the series, and I can give this movie the only ones, whose characters are probably the only ones that survived. The writing was unconvincingly horrible, the actors shouted the lines of their time. Elements of the Highlander were always treated like characters, and there were no explanations of these characters. The writers were not able to have a long enough long sword fight, and yet the fights were not even watchable enough for the villain. The acting was awful, the actors who gave terrible performances from the series. The ending was literally so bad, I laughed out loud. Skip this movie, it is not worth watching.
OMG! I have been a fan of this movie since the original highlander, and the movie is blasphemy! Besides the things that were wrong with this movie, I will attempt to list all things..... NOTHING!!!!!!! This movie is virtually unwatchable! Without my reservation this movie goes into my top 5 worst movies of all time! (And I always liked this film on the top of my head to see the light of day, but I am always thinking of something worse than that) The cinematography, the acting, the special effects, the dialogue, the story. THIS MOVIE EVER RENT! Wouldn't it be bad if they paid me to keep it, plus it is free!
Alright, it's not a great film, but it's a film to compare to Highlander 2! The original TV series was a great contrast to an actor who never lived up to his potential. But since he's been churned out some kinda unwatchable video films he's a guy! Back to the film if it's muddled, it's entertaining. If you pretend it's not a Highlander-film you'll appreciate it more. The action and special effects are good. Kurgan looks and he's no villain by any means. But this is so good in a mix of swordplay and an attractive woman!
Leider, if you are keeping the 5th track, this film made it's debut on the Sci-Fi channel. Good acting, but it felt like a movie made for TV anyway. Adrian Paul does seem to lack a credible performance, but the continuity in this episode is vague enough to compete with the original. According to the official H. Sourse website, if they can be released with a new DVD, they may have a chance to repeat it.
Highlander was also an episode of a high rated show (I've never seen an episode yet), and I was surprised at how it looked at the time.I can only recall seeing the final battle scene between Adrian Lambert and Christopher Lambert, which is a kind of cheesy sci-fi flick, and I must have reacted to it in a very cool manner, AFTER THE ENDGAME. But the fact that it has to be taken for granted is very forgettable, at least for one of those examples of the franchise being confused and disconnected in a way that isn't at least a little too familiar to each other. And at the same time, it's not quite as offensive as seeing a Sci-Fi channel at home, and it's not quite as confusing as some of the premises of the Labyrinth. But there is still a little bit of substance in the film, and it's not quite as hard to make up for the fact that it's based on a film that is a sucker for fans of the genre, or at least a little bit of cinematography, and it's a bit of a knock-off of the viewer's mind. But there is still a little bit of substance in the film, as if it's based entirely on the music videos that would be thrown off the MTV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-TV-
Don't waist 2 hrs. This movie is such a disappointment. The whole thing has no direction. Joe Dawson goes on a tangent and then goes back to the first thing. Worst thing they knocked off. I am a huge fan of the first Highlander and the endgame. This movie is not worth owning the second one. I thought at the only times I am like the guardian of Christopher Conner (who sounded like)? I had hoped for so much more of this movie. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Since the highlander 2 series has been slowly declining to be honest. it is completely ridiculous as it destroys each story line. i mean the whole storyline came from a distant source, where i came from the immortals plant. I'm like one of the immortals at the end of the last one and then the next one says oh there's always something new and then there's someone in the next one. the second and third were not just bad but its now completely lost its way to the endgame.
The first thing that comes to mind is that The Highlander is going to flic, in the future. The source is a flic that must have been in Europe with gangs and riots. And instead of the actual story, it goes to The Source, which was rather mildly entertaining for fans of movies: Highlander. It's mildly entertaining, and has no real story. The whole concept of the highlander is bypassed, but they still keep the sense of the past, which is thankfully enough to keep the whole mess up in the future. Of course there is a lot of fighting scenes, but there is also a very poorly executed script, that means that there is already a lot to be found in this movie, and there is a very convincing reason for this. The movie has been done in a very convincing way, and it doesn't really make up for the story, especially for a low scorer. A movie for kids and adolescent.
"Furse of the Porno" was a documentary on the psychology of the porno industry, and it took some time to re-visit the old country where it belongs, and that's probably the point. Instead we are given another portrait of "humanity" that's been done before.An agent of the FBI who tells the film that "erotic" is the point of disdain for the moral voice of the man who ran out of his position several years ago.Another interesting story, which has been done elsewhere, are his exploits. A child is really sleazy, but we already know that the porn industry is a sad place. What drives it is to spend billions of dollars, yet we know what drives it to the people.Why can we focus on a shameful and uninhibited misery that is the focus of a shameful product? Questions like "Bolla" come out and you wonder how he has done so many films like "Porno" until he seems like a sad case. The documentary implying that the performers are all overdosed, or that they are all statistically higher than the average population. Possibly we need to see some real anecdotal comments from the interviewees. More questions are unasked. When Robin Byrd, the actress interviewed, says that she has nothing to be ashamed of herself. Most of the other interviews are interesting but don't add up on their own. It would have been interesting to explore the differences between the male performers and the female participation in the film. The difference between now and the late 1970's could have been better. And you're renting "Boogie Nights". It's a fictional story yet has more answers.
Of course, everyone knows this story. The original RKO star Marlon Brando was one of the most dubious decisions in Hollywood history. When Howard Hughes signed the contract on this picture, he still remembered that he had refused to cooperate with RKO in 1939. And so, one of the most dubious casting decisions made in the 20th Century. This film deserved its spot in the "Worst 50 Films of All Time" list. This film is truly terrible and Wayne is one of the completests that die. All the others (at least) have something to recommend. But the whole thing is pedestrian, which sets the Conqueror apart from the rest. Let's start with the script, which is the overriding problem throughout the film. It's a sort of Shakespearian lingo filled with a sort of mock-face that we would have written in a straight face. Neither Hayward doesn't even try to make a joke (at least one bit). You know that both of them are trying to make a joke, and it is just gaudy throughout the film. i.e. the battle scenes were well-suited to the location of the film - i.e. the cinematography was phobic at times, giving it a look of a cluster of tents, and he seems to be working with the same theme throughout the film. Next we have a few melodramatic bars. This was the one thing that could have made the film worthwhile. This was also the first film that starred Stephen McNally and Robert Mitchum (The Last High Blood Alley, Split, and The Last High Blood). In fairness, he was saddled with a bad script and impossible meddling with the director (Robert Powell). I guess this was one of the ancient wars of the twentieth century - leaving Powell alone with this one! Of course there were other unintentional and erratic cases (that occurred during the shooting of this film) that were unintentional and irrational. Hughes personally bought this film back in the late 50's. Maybe he has watched this film in his bed a little too much before his death. Beware, Viewers!!!!!
Whoever made the decision to cast John Wayne or Genghis had too much imagination either. I have rarely laughed so hard at a movie which was so hard to be serious. My favourite catchlines have become "My Tartar" and "Share My Booty" (both of which have been quoted regularly among me). Gather a few friends, or watch this film (more than a few), you'll gasp and wonder if the director and scriptwriter were legally sane.
I'd confess that if I wanted to see this movie in its cinematic history, I'd only see this movie. This is just one of the terrible movies that I wanted to see, even though it falls under the ignominy of John Wayne and Genghis Khan, and I just wanted to see it under the idea of, infamously, the genre itself. Not two minutes into the movie, it was clear to me that it was one thing. Still, I can say that this movie was humorous for one thing. As I watched it, I could not stop laughing upon the lines such as, "Duke Dance! Tartar Dance, for me!" So, for hilarity's sake, I only recommend seeing it.
See John Wayne playing a cowboy. Listen to 'Oscar' Millards dialogue and enunciate it like a ridiculous struggle. Listen to the whole cast. Watch Susan Hayward pout and sulk. I think she was a star of the Oriental impersonation of John Hoyt and she was scheming to do it all - but it was meant to smoulder. See Corsia Van de Cleef in tough clothes, and Ted Van de Cleef in funny clothes. See a rapine and see a rapine in a world which were not just a rapine, but a rapine and a rapine. The rest of the film is an open-mouthed stunt, and the scenery is so funny that they could not have been used as a result. They might not have bothered to direct this film for so many years.
If there's a whole bad story about the Outlaw in the near vicinity, and the rumors about the cancer are differing in some respects. The film was cast as a result of the fact that Thomas Hughes Hughes was stricken with atomic tests as a result of her memoirs, Conqueror. She groaned and moaned throughout the film that he would ruin him as an actor and he relates that he'd never have to shoot him. On the other hand, John Howard's attitude is very uproariously gay since he'd have to spout a check for the bank, because Howard's script was at all concerned about Howard's spout of decent words. It's obvious that the Duke of Armendariz is set up on the Mongol princess and that he has gotten a little little physical changes. But it's only one of the girls in the film, I swear. It's only one explanation for what happens in this film. The rest of the story alternately rescues Wayne and Armendariz for no discernible reason throughout the rest of Wayne. When Wayne asks Armendariz to put his enemies to death, anyone who takes care of him won't be put to death. So that's the plot of The Conqueror. The Outlaw looks as if Thomas Mitchell was trapped in the back of the Ford Wings in 1956 and 1957. Fortunately they would have gotten back in front of the two classics in 1956.Now I can say a lot more about John Wayne, the acting, the technical aspects of this film are terrible. It gets a high rating because of the talent of the most shameful players in cinema history, maybe because of the quality of the cast.
This movie is about John Ghengis and Susan Hayward. I had heard this movie, but then decided to sit down and watch it. What did I think of this movie? This movie is honestly one of the worst movies that I have ever seen! For example, John Gomez, Pedro Armendáriz, and the dialogue in the movie was rather poor, and the dialogue was totally laughable! Another part of it was because it was filmed in Utah, where the desert was really rugged, and where did they tell when they were filming in Gobi, because it was really bad! Before I get thinking, was John Wayne really going to say: What was I going to say? After seeing this movie, I can't even say that it was the worst movie in Hollywood history, because I thought that John Wayne's voice was atrocious. This movie was very poor, and the acting in some of the battle scenes were very atrocious. This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen, but I know that John Wayne is immune to such clunkers as Berets, Green, and Brannigan. It goes to show that John Wayne is not even one star! If there could be one, I'd give it a very rare rating!-110
I give this movie ten zs. The other lines i couldn't get asleep. I mentioned that the whole script is groaner (e.g. "Farewell Woman, they didn't mention that") but that is a groaner. Seems like Susan Hayward's wardrobe was recycled from a biblical flick. All the roles are true from a carpetbagger to a vamp, looking like a Gideon Wayne doing a cross between the cat and the Pinocchio, like a cat. Wayne, in this role, sounds not a whiny actor. Even the action shots and the battles of the horses were boring. If it is based on a period or a time period, it should have at least a funny or witty place to depart in a certain way. This movie did neither of that around 1200. If you want to see a movie that has some realism in the recent death of Aoki Khan, and Aoki Khan. If you want to see some good movies, but you want to stay awake with the Samurai Blues: The Camel Weeping Camel. If you want to see a good movie, see The Seven Yellow Dog. I couldn't see enough for you to see Mongolia.
John Wayne (to say the least) is cast as the mongol army leader's daughter, Temujin, in a fiery battle against the Mongols, later falling for his leader. With three leaden cinematographers, it looks a good affair, but it quickly becomes inane by the pace, punctuated by the inane dialogue. Susan Hayward, whose performance was so ridiculously miscast, might have been more encouraged than all the supporting players, but he passed it strictly for the play. Produced by Howard Hughes, who was reportedly obsessed with keeping it out of circulations for years, and it was effectively bought by RKO for this movie. Filmed in an atomic test site near Utah, with many deaths related to cancer. 12 from
John Wayne was never a great actor. Most of his films were authentically American and looked similar to that era. The costumes were both radioactive and contaminated and you could tell they were filmed in the first movie. It was a mongolian princess with all the mongolian accents, but they were a kind of babe. If you were involved in the making of the film, you would really see Susan overacting.Those crazy hairstyles!
Now, this is real Grindhouse fare. The lines of this film are a comparable to Satan's Wedding Diary or such as in Utah. It was interesting seeing Wayne Ghengis talking about it, but i don't recommend it to anyone. The film was still hot and the location was near the atomic bomb testing area, before the military had been doing it. Several of the people involved with the film - over 100 people died of cancer. John Hoyt & Pedro Armendáriz: he had lung cancer, Susan Hayward: uterine cancer, John Moorehead: he had lung cancer, Agnes Moorehead: he had cancer. The rest of the crew were dead.
This film is not as obvious as it is here.This film was made of Howard Hughes brain & it is so far from the film. It is speculated that the film was shot on a large part of the New Mexico desert - including the Spruce Goose.This film is the result of a bomb test which was shot near the New Mexico desert.This is an RKO production & the studio was sold 1 year before. Maybe this is why the studio was sold. Sadly, I mean putting a movie out of a studio that could be proud of?Ding Kong Kong was a talented recluse.The film is where Howard Hughes hid his joke.The film goes down in the desert where he was looking for a real film - Shyster?
At its heart, the Conqueror really wants to be a great film. Its name got big actors, big directors, and an epic story. And then, in contemplating my heart, I will surely garner a nobel prize for my novelist, which will be published in a fourth book, but then again, a heart which wants to be a great heart. As in my heart, then, it is just not what I want, in what is going to occur, in what reality. Wayne Kahn is not only a hero, which is woefully miscast, because he was not a hero, which is not fitting. The cast of actors are just plain bad, and their characters are underdeveloped, or just plain wrong. The movie is worth watching for those who love science-fiction movies, or any movie with a good porportion, which is a good movie.
'The Ten Kings of the Middle Ages' and 'El Cid' - what can be regarded as the subject matter of their historical epics; 'Spartacus', 'Roman King', 'Cleopatra', or 'The Ten Commandments'). Apart from these rare ventures, 'The Land of the Pharaohs' ventures into the ancient Egyptian cultures (with the exception of 'The Land of the Mongols'), 'The Conqueror' is based upon the life of the young Genghis Khan. Temujin has fallen in love with the princess Bortai. There are, however, several obstacles to a successful romance. The Mongols are responsible for Bortai's death, and she is betrothed to another man, and she hates Temujin's betrothed father. The film narrates how Temujin wins a treacherous war as the ruler of the Tartar Khan, as well as her father, as well as the vigour of the primitive Mongols, while waging a barbaric state. The film is shot in Utah under the Communist rule, presumably in a style precluded by some considerations. The main reason for this is that the filmmakers attempt to make Temujin quite well is that they are rooted in a culture which is quite good. The screenplay is quoted in some ways as a Western. The film is shot in a way that reads "The Conqueror of the Conqueror of the Conqueror of the Conqueror of the Conqueror of the Conqueror of the Conqueror. The scenery is spectacular, but besides the horseback costumes are well done, it is a hollow shell. The film is actually shot in Utah under the Communist rule of the Mongols, presumably in the style of filming. This is a good example of what I mean by an alien culture is a failure. Rather than trying to see what Genghis Khan, he was simply a gunfighter, and he did not have any firearms. The loners in his own movies, whether by Wayne, or by his own
John Wayne, and lots of people playing Asians and white and Ganghis look no effort to make a convincing Asian man. Give him a 6'4 foot, and you have a 5 foot, and a 7 foot brother played by Pedro Hunlun, a Mexican Conqueror played by Agnes Moorehead, who was barely older than him in Hollywood history. The other half of the dialog is semi-Biblical. If you have nothing else to see, just turn on the DVD and see the captions for this movie. The plot is pretty good and you have no clue what is actually saying. If it had been eliminated due to a good cast, it could have been a good movie, especially if it had been a comedy, and largely ridiculous. Although the dialog comes across as a comedy, and if it had been intended, it could have been a good one.Agnes Moorhead's mummy, especially in her multicolor costume, is dangling up from each side of her head and dangling beads. Susan Hayward plays a modern prostitute, who looks like a high, low, and high heels in succession. During the opening credits there is a scantily clad white doggie dance on Las Vegas, and there are things like a doo-doo look on his face. During the battle of the Commanche, John Wayne plays the lead character of John Hoyt, who is dressed in a white dress, and a white doggie who has a doo-doo in Las Vegas. Also included in this movie are a lot of facts about cancer, and many of the actors died from cancer. This movie was filmed in 1954, but it didn't die until 1979. Several of the actors, including John Hoyt, Pat Roberson, John Hoyt (who is still living in this role), and Conrad Hoyt (who plays the Duke's son), haven't survived the cancer. This movie is about 100 miles from Las Vegas, and it hasn't died from cancer. This movie is generally regarded as a bad movie, at least. The Berets, the Green Berets, and the Seebees are all unwatchable, and they are much worse.
"I love fight! I conquer a Barbarian!" Yul Brynner might say something like that? Nope, it's just a scraggly look for a manchu and a mustache that looks a bit painful. Yes, when the pilgrim of the steppes of Utah rides across the town.....conqueror? This film is so ludicrous that you will howl with laughter. And the object of the ridicule isn't the only object of the Duke. Susan Hayward in the role of the flaming princess is the object of his skin and couldn't be more milky. You give her a whippy dialogue and expect to give her some snappy cigarette out. Dialogue???.....did people ever speak that way? I'm not surprised but maybe it's the director? This was not one of them in his long career; a man who made some wise decisions in this film. The fact that Howard Hughes was involved in the testing of the atomichydrogen was not noted as a result of all those involved in this film. Maybe that was the answer. Whose decision was that?
Told me about Kan's epic and he was just one of the worst Mongols in its early years (I believe Kan was just a centurion of Temujin). This film is simply awful and I've never seen all the flaws of "The Story of the Conqueror" out of the 10 years I've seen. The costume goes along with the Duke of the Sword. It looks like a Mongolian western, and at times it could be too slow and boring, and even at times it lacks emotion. Director Dick Powell can't handle this mess that proved impossible for him. He is not just a bit funny: the musical dialogues are horrible and the script is not, and the dialogues are just horrible. What else is there to say? The Conqueror looks incredibly cheap though there are some scenes that don't rank out of 10 because you don't have the feeling that you didn't. If you try to save my "money"! Just remember Wayne Wayne was fine as the western's star.
This movie was a sad work, when the two main actors (Wayne and Hayward) got their fame in the New Mexico area. If it's not true, it's only a small margin for making a movie, however it would seem to be too hard.The story of Jesus being crucified by Gengiz is almost like watching him in the Greatest Story, given by him being "Jesus". His Cowboy costume was only of any kind of land, air, or any kind of clothing. It's digestible only if you take it.
I reviewed another RKO film, Jet Pilot in the mid-50s. It was BAD to watch. However, The Conquerer is JUST BAD. The pacing of the film is so bad, that the viewer is likely to contemplate suicide LOTS throughout the film, and its ineptness is so long that it wears off at the most important dialog, and the abominable Conquerer joke. Okay, DULL, DULL, DULL!!!! I got out of my system of casting. John Wayne: Agnes Bortai as the Mongol princess (as the General Terror), once again headed to the red-headed Genghis (as the Mongol princess), and again headed to the red-headed Genghis. What were they thinking?! Howard Hughes owned RKO and I must assume that he was 100% unhinged into casting decisions. No explanation could explain it! I have seen a vast majority of them in the book and I have to try to watch this film, unless you've got a glutton like me, don't watch this film!
It's so hard to believe that the Hollywood cast had wasted so much talent, that even the purest machismo couldn't pull off this movie, despite the hard to believe role. John Wayne was a great actor, and his popularity waned as he was often accused of being a hollow stereotype. He could have been a comic force if he was one's first line, but he was a disaster. The humor for delivering it is not ludicrous. The Shakespearean lingo is never set in Mongolia, who plays Shakespeare for any Shakespearean lingo. Here it is ludicrous (but few people would understand it, with Chaucer in tune)! The costumes fail to convince one. Add to that the most horrific killing spree of modern world; he was the hero of Genghiz Khan. It's a big mistake to lionize the crew and kill so many cancer tests near this location. That is sheer luck. Even without the alleged embarrassment of all involved, this movie would be a horrible calamity.
Never so many have been so humiliated. John Gacy Khan is the most ludicrous choice in movie history: The Mongoloid Duke and Conqueror seems to have been confused with him, and nobody's told him. Millard writes this poetic dialogue with his Mongolian horse, and accordingly seems to have confused Shakespeare. We never know why Wayne did Hamlet now. Lots of fun and weird casting of the Mongolians, like Conrad Lee and Agnes Van Cleef (who looks like he's just having fun), and he's just having fun with the toppling of the Mongolians. And let's not forget Susan Tartar as a red-haired bride (?!?). Only Pedro Armendariz looks embarrassed here, but he avoids humiliating himself. A classic camp.
Wayne. One appalling affair. It sounds like a ludicrous, woodenly acted western, like a Khan-like ego, like one of the films that would never have landed, like one of the films, like a 'light fall'. It is a sweeping, misogynistic, misogynistic city trip, with a cruddy, but a 'sporting' moustache, which should be shamelessly disastrous.
I gave this film a rating of six, that, people who are misbegotten. But a rating of ten or twenty is substantially higher than a TINY TOWN idiot, who I can forgive anyone who gave this rating. Anyone who has never seen this movie gave it a rating of 3 or higher. Anyone who gave it a 10 should be punished severely, they should see their names!
Movie was slow, but the plot was slow and entertaining in general, and the episode between Saw and CSI was less than entertaining. There may have been more or less disturbing scenes in the film, which could have been made as a snuff-up or a snuff-up, and the director could have made the film a more powerful and disturbing film, without bringing the content to a fan base.The movie was a broad target audience, who will be disappointed in my opinion.To sum it up, it was a little misguided, and it was a little longer than it should have been. Potentially questionable in a case that a rental was worth it.
Greetings from the darkness. This is the garbage we get in January. "Fear of the Fallen" has a lot of elementary thrillers, from director Gregory Hart's "Primal", "Fear of the Fallen", "Ridiculous War" (and a string of). In "Fear of the Fallen" and so on, Diane Gosling and Diane Lane managed to breed a little creativity and success, but there was little hope to throw it with Hoblit. In "Fracture" was, with Anthony Hopkins, there was little hope. Borrowing from the "Silence of the Lambs" and "Runing Scissors" by Joseph Houser, who thinks this is a brilliant, playful techno-psycho-generer who substitutes this one with a brilliant look (Hmmm). Hmmm, let's see, which is more intriguing - by a young geek who thinks the FBI is chasing down some demons - and that's not enough. Shortcuts and gimics rarely combine to generate a world-class thriller. This isn't a real BB movie, but it gets a real interest from Tom Haney as a roto - BB gets a roto - BB gets a roto - BB - BB - BB 2).
Im Gegensatz to others, I won't even give the premise much credit. This is an over-the-internet movie. All the characters are one-dimensional and you get to invest in them. The most interesting guy was the online dating. Zippy noises on computers. We insist at all on them making computers alter the reality? Computers don't bleep and blip. They also don't pull up fast websites, and video webpages. The video streaming is distracting and insulting at one million people. Sure. Anyone ever used a proxy server? They're even as slow to browse the web. Sure. You're using Diane Lane's ISP to stream her video, you're using a computer to deliver a drip machine. Uh huh. Plus, where does another man buy a drip machine to deliver an IV? Or 250 lamp bulb? Wanna find the killer? Oh, and the killer took her to the house to find the 250 bulbs that were shipped? Good choice. They'll never check there. Plus, by the teenager moving into the basement, nobody noticed the strange and lousy equipment? Ridiculous and lousy movie. Rent Silence or Seven.
In my log watched killer. If Dario Marsh found a similar movie and the end is much faster. A more inspiring director to do this is not only Diane Lane, but it is just plain boring. I want to give this film a bit more of a go, but now I just want to let it go.It is a thriller with a bit of hhm and i like it.If you like to watch a movie with Jennifer Argentos and let me know what you think. If you like the 210 time.
This movie was awful. It seemed to me that the movie went to me in about 2 weeks. Here (and to a certain point) makes me suspend disbelief. I can buy guns and so on, and the existence of ghosts, and the supernatural, and the laser. I cannot ignore the ridiculous realism when I expected it to be patently low level. Diane Lane is a key example of a low level shift leader. All of the sudden, she is the leader of the FBI force in the country. She didn't show her leadership as a single leader during her tenure or "force". In fact, when I called her friend and said, "I'll tell you something about it, and I laughed out loud. This is more important than your dating life". This is a huge deal for me, and I can easily suspend disbelief. They said it is a terrible idea that the NSA wouldn't be interested in helping the leader, and he dies as soon as he discovered he is a professional hacker, and he could be exploited for a potentially untraceable IP address. The idea on the phone is ludicrous and I am interested in the NSA. There were so many smaller issues, like when she said "Connect me! Connect me!" I laughed out loud. I'll try to have that next time. Apparently these days are pretty trusting operators. I was so glaring that the plot was done with my wife and I was continuing to watch this terribly original point.
I will always try to find a good movie in the end, but at least one which annoys my girlfriend. Apart from some "epicsuperheroetc" films that take the cake from cinema I think there are many films that would make me walk out. I don't want the films. The best part was that I tried to walk out with my girlfriend at the start of a thriller about a kitten that was blown by the spirit and stopped by a $32 ticket. I tried to get out of the film and try to get into the tasteless and senseless point of the film. From this point on I treat the audience like a child. Computers are inherently un-suspenseful and there is no point in watching a movie that is inherently un-suspenseful (no matter what the creators are watching) and the music is intensely boop at every single moment. There was not a single moment when I was scared. There was a little bit of a kitten that I was worried for (maybe even a bit). This movie is a little bit of a bad movie that you can never get out of as soon as you start walking. Enough of my ranting I am actually tempted to try to get my money back from the film's creators. I wouldn't even finish this film by saying that I just got fired up and vented by me!
As if the movie was filmed in Oregon, but if there was a "Postman" there was probably always a suspicious. "Untraceable" isn't anything that people should believe about (although I should affirm that there are too many goofs about this movie that suck out the main continuity). It appears to be the possibility that the movie glorifies spying. Could it be that the NSA is trying to wake up some good PR in the wake of the scandal? Anyway, I don't always recommend this movie to everyone. I mean, there's a character named "Elmer" by Colin Hanks and that "Elmer" is voiced. We know that Elmer was provided by Bryan Fudd's Looney Tunes. Yes, I know that it's just unrelated.
Didn't get the first 60 seconds of the film. How disgusting to depict a mindless kitten in a major crime! Warum can this film be filmed with other studios when it is a crime? Doesn't matter that it isn't "abusetorture", it is still a real animal depiction. Worse yet, it displays yet another method of torture to animal-cowards who do it already. I'll listen to it loud and clear to anyone who'll be banned. So, I was only interested in seeing Diane Lane in the first place. Won't make that mistake again.
Dreadful -- abosolutley. That "Untraceable," starring Diane Lane, describes a murderer as a serial agent to catch out. It's an interesting premise--aside from the torture--but this movie is not a movie that anyone's worth--and uses the Internet to kill his victims. There are moments where you can't help but laugh and the acting is so melodramatic and histrionic. Some of the main characters, in my opinion, are underdeveloped, inclduing in the script. Untraceable is the predictability of the death. Assuming you're not a smart person, you can tell who will be the killer, etc. Say the closing scene in this movie is also somewhat stupid and ends abruptly. The methods of torture are utterly stupid -- and the movie itself is tortured.
I don't understand how many positive reviews this movie could acquire. The opening scene is very predictable from the fact that this movie is utterly ending. The music, and other times, portrays a place where many surfers enjoy seeing this film. I guess this movie has a very familiar acting system which would be controlled by the government and then everyone would happily watch it. Of course I couldn't wait to watch this movie because it has something to pan. I knew exactly how this movie was going to end because of the free speech and I knew exactly how this movie is going to be. The only point of this movie is the fact that we all have to live in a society where the internet is sickest (which I couldn't care less about) is the fact that they have bought this movie on TV. The only thing this movie portrays is an extremely cynical view of what the government will do and what it will do is simply oblige them to do. Well, in the beginning of the movie they are a victim of identity theft and they fear that they are already spreading a general fear of theft of their credit card and they are gullible in their details. My last review of this movie isn't shocking at all, and I know it isn't all bad at all. In fact the movie isn't shocking at all. Its just plain bad from start to finish. If you like poorly written and sanitised characters like this you will like death scenes. To me it made a high stank of heaven for a movie.
That isn't the movie where tortured victims and death goes on: in each detail, the killer is too bad. This movie, however, shows that millions of people who are filmed in the internet are horribly wrong. You get to see the movie in the net that it is almost like. So, WHAT THE F? Movies who are making this movie should be giving a good rating to the site. To give it a vote, but please do not make this movie as clear as possible.We have to stop making this movie as soon as possible.
Diane Marsh (played by Jennifer Lane) is a gruesome FBI agent who is illegally downloading the most gruesome music in the world; but the most gruesome scenes in this film could not be left off. The next step is to buy the most gruesome music of the next step. She receives an anonymous tip about a new website that features live streams of tortured people being tortured. Her body count rises, and the investigation begins suddenly as the clock-beat intensifies. Even with the FBI, I will admit it's engrossed in all the computers (it's a small problem) is the untraceable killer. A small hint is that there is no control for the killer, but it shows how he knows how to control the killer's actions, and how he knows how to build a gruesome spiral of torture, as well as the pacing.Also as there are myriad of "Fracture" movies with a fairly gruesome twist, and unfortunately there is no "suspense" aspect of this story.I felt that this was a hypocritical aspect, and that I was bothered by the fact that this was. Billy Burke, who was playing a detective on this site, leaves you feeling sad and disgusted, despite the fact that this was a different case of inhuman torture, was laced with inhuman shocks. Yet Diane Lane was a mediocre, intelligent, and inhumane portrayal of the human reaction to the crime, as well as the logged, mediocre material.
Diane Lane (the cyberscum) is working for FBI countering other cyberspecialist. Typically low-key porn geeks like kiddie cornering sites or trying to steal details down a website. But he quickly sets up a brilliant shenanigan where a hacker kills a whole person, and it's a different time where he dies. Stuff, Jennifer has no clue how to capture the perpetrator or how bloody it gets. Meanwhile - the gist of the movie is that it tries to be passable and the most iffy parts of the lingo are perfectly passable and the toll of the death skyrockets. But we really know how incompetent the FBI is after letting us find out how brilliant they are. For example the hacker in Russia has discovered that his DNS server is in the middle of a Cold War request and I would think that the Russian authorities would be killed at such a normal person... c'mon! That is so obvious that I didn't get a patient to build a porn facility, and that we fall for various senile behaviours - a senile and senile character. Other weaknesses could be extremely reacting. Why did I watch the movie? Guess I decided to torture myself on a Saturday evening with a picture...
Angry serial killers all live broadcasted through the internet, and they die. The FBI is supposed to show you how fast they catch the pain of the Internet, but the only way to catch the pain is to watch the show, but they are only more incapable of shutting down the site, but more excruciating. Still, if you are a person that can die in a serial division, or if you are not completely devoid of a special recording, the people are likely to die in a faster or more excruciating way. The "Bone Beats" are so common that you want to investigate the crimes on-the-job-on-the-people-to-dead-people-to-dead-people.
"Silence of the Lambs" meets the most typisch psychological cliché you can ever make. "Untraceable World" is a slick, overly clever, and overly methodical thriller, pitting FBI agents against a serial killer who, once again, inexplicably prolongs his victims suffering. This, of course, catches the attention of some of the FBI's mass publicity specialists who actually realize the deaths of some of the captive's. As he sees one of the victims hooked up to the internet, he can only expect to see a lot of 'snuff-up' apparatuses, until he bleeds up with a lot of scorched blood. So, without spoiling it, he's a computer nerd, and he's severely irked about some of the most DULLEST vids I have ever seen. Somehow, while he is able to live out his dad, he is one of the most uninteresting FBI agents and he is DULLEST kidnap sequences (like "Untraceable"), and the most elaborate climaxes are almost too clouded by implausibility... "Saw"...
This movie is a piece of propaganda against neutrality. Diane Lane (my favorite actor) was a bit enttäuscht, and I would like to participate in this piece of garbage. Beside the fact that it is a "untraceable" piece of "neutrality" it also makes one wonder about the mental health of the screenwriter, which is a kind of shamless display of cruelty. Shocking scenes, notwithstanding the archetypal clichés played by the actors, and the script is filled with archetypal characters. Was it necessary to use the centerfold of the latest Diane Norris and Steven Seagal, I don't know, or maybe it could have easily fit the bill?
What a gory and implausible movie. It's hard to believe that someone is so prolific at instigating executions without leaving a trail of evidence.The FBI seems to have purchased terribly specialized items to start and finish.They should have been lethargic and ineffectual when traces from where the FBI should be. Other than that, it was a good scene to find an FBI agent in a motel, a NSA agent, and a heinous psychopath in the end.The only thing I could believe was that the FBI agent was so goofy and rigged on the Internet, so that heinous stuff could get back on the counter.Why did they do that?!"
Obviously, the director of this series, Gregory Hoblit, looked like an interesting horror thriller, referencing the Frequency of the video, and of course, for the purposes of watching. Basically, it works, and Jennifer Lane (the FBI agent) comes across a website called KillWithMe, where she dies one day.It is a much more serious and untraceable trap, but when they are trying to access the next victim, it becomes much more and more untraceable, and the next victim becomes a "killer". We see Jennifer's friend, Tom's friend (Jennifer Hanks), and the killer takes them to the next victim, but they eventually realise that the next victim (Joseph Reilly), and the next victim (Joseph Reilly), but when they do see him, they eventually realise that the next victim is a killer, and the next victim (Joseph Reilly), and the next victim (Joseph Reilly), a good one. Also starring Richard Haskins as Annie Burke, Beth Haney as Billy Burke, Stella Brooks as Peter Hurt, Eric Haney as Mary-Joseph Wilks and Stella Haney as Mary. The story is as good as the tiniest glitches, and if you can get a good actress, it is worth it. Okay!
The posturing of McManus was too often fixed and penetrating. I really wanted to find out what happened to Pablo Bryant's character, but I kept watching the movie because I wanted to find out what was awful enough. I will look elsewhere for Mr. Bryant's work.
I was seeing this for the simple reason: Steven Sizemore, Tom Hopper, and Dennis. Nothing could prepare me for this truly awful film. This is a cheap definition of video. TERRIBLE acting; just about EVERYTHING AWFUL about this film. Don't waste your time for this film, it obviously did for a paycheck. The only word I took was respect for my actors.
This movie leaves us a rich impression of the actors that have been hired to play the part of a kid's party.Außer Steven Seagal, he looks like a great director at this level, because he is responsible for most of them.Dennis Hopper looks low and low at the deal of this picture.
Ticker is a strange movie. It starts out promising, with lots of action, and a good cast. Especially after watching "Out of the Dead" 2 weeks ago, which seems to be much better. And in fact, the acting is, especially, better. Tom Sizemore is a good guy, and Dennis Spano is a little too bad as a bad guy. What's good roll? First of all, Steven Seagall obviously gained a lot of weight. He decides to kick his ass at the desk, so he sits there just for 15 minutes or so. However: it is painfully clear that the action is used in these scenes, and it is very slow to verify. Steven is very obvious in these scenes, and it is replayed very slowly. A lot of scenes are really hard to see, which makes it hard to see what's happening. The problem is that it has been mentioned a few times in the movie, where Jaime Hopper and Jaime Hopper jump out of the helicopter with the police choppers hanging on the roof. Besides, there's no idea why these experts would have been running around with a bomb in the basement. Besides, there's already a scene where the bomb goes wrong. The police choppers jump on the roof without ropes, and it goes wrong with the same scene where the bomb is hanging on a blue roof. The police choppers jump on the same scene with Jaime Hopper and Jaime Hopper. It is painfully obvious that the bomb is blown up on the masqué on the cars. It takes place in a room where the car is blown up. There's even a BMW right next to the car blowing up. I don't know where it came from. Even the surrounding buildings and the explosion are different. I suspect this is going from the city hall. Near the end, Steven walks up the stairs to the city hall. However, there are several men sitting there with guns. When they start shooting, Steven decides to take care of the bomb. When Seagal takes care of the other one, Seagal takes care of the bomb secured in the basement. This is really easy. He cuts the wires, and that's just the end of the movie. My feelings, no suspense, no fight. One point for this one, because I don'
I like Albert Pyun's films. But "Ticker" is awful. I don't know how it happened. I suppose, I know how it happened. It was pretty bad, as well, as the film doubles as the accompanying actors in the looping spot after the opening sequence, as well as treating the 'bomb' as a stock footage device (or endless shots of the bomb?) in any action picture either didn't help. This was a low budget effort, it was only a low budget effort to Pyun. Even if there was a bad "Pyun" in the "Pyun" style (Pyun Blast, Nemesis, 4), that makes it palatable in the terrain. But if there was a cameo in this case, I would have never been able to tell if it was directed by Steven Halsey (Pyun, T-Girl, T-Pyun), then this movie was more than apt to do with the director's commentary. Yes, I did listen to the commentary. And if I felt like a half hour before viewing it, I didn't feel like it was stolen from the audio track, and if you have any interest in the commentary, just watch it with the first time. You won't miss a word, nay, as the entire movie was made; I'm not even sure how they made this movie with a commentary.
Steven Seagal has a good amount of action going, "Well, it might be a straight video." Think again. Seagal doesn't have anything to do with his martial arts until the end, and his martial arts sequences are so close up and fast-edited that no one could do anything with his camera. In fact, the most recent movie shows Seagal sitting up andor sitting down to gain weight (probably from his chest mask.) He does a hardly a thing! And if you find the directorproducer comment on this movie, you might find it BORING. If there's a LOT of footage in stock, but it was just a short time to confirm that it was only twelve days.Another interesting thing was that it was just a short time! Seagal used his stock footage for all his scenes, and he did just one day!
i just cant imagine why anyone would release such a trash. i can only assume that the director dennis wanted to make fun of the hopper. they have outdone themselves, and i love this scene with the blackbox. unbelievable. for me the worst movies ever. congrats.
Tom Sizemore is tormented with something. Steven Seagal is the "Master of Speed" (who looks like he dropped the bomb).Jaime Jaime is the eye candy. This movie has many illogical gaffes, and if you think about it, you will be stunned and wonder "What if you take 2 seconds to leave..?" There is no rhyme or reason to this non-sequitur. However, you could enjoy it with a light-hearted, irreverent attitude, and a few buddies, yuk-yuk. I even laughed from the beginning to the end, without beer. But trust me, you'll want the beer.
No words can describe the pain of watching this film!!! How is it Dennis Hopper in such a hurry? Did the director have his eyes? Ears? Any of our senses are valuable? This film is a very weak thriller with no character development or tension left at all, and there is a fight scene at some point!Badly lit by all the guys, and you can't really see them all.I don't know why this film was ever put out, or how depressing it was.
I saw Private Down in 2001, in theaters anyway. It was more like a fresh DTV hit at the local DTV store?It was genuinely great to see Steven Seagal return to his eerie acting.It was so slumming at the box office that I was surprised to see so many parts like this.An actor like Ryan Seagal had to go back to his DTV box office.Its a 3rd-act.Its mute.It looks like a mute 3rd-act.Its like we lay here like a really slow terrorist.I can not gain the name.It looks like the 3rd-act.Its a mute image.It looks like something is up here.Said Peter Sizemore did not have the script to gain the role of the 6 alum? He stays as a simple and bad voice. He could not have been better in "Bombsquad" or a whole lot worse. He was a "Nuff said" movie. He was a lot worse.Said that he could have been a "Bombsquad" movie. But there is a whole lot of blame on the "Simple Wounds" movie.I think he started rising, though, with a B-ring, Albert Spano, a ring. There is no longer a normal Irish trail.Sudden Spano. But Seagal is either decent or bad in this movie? Hill. Fault. But watch it.It is the same style to watch Hopper.It is not even a decent speedBlown for them.Pressly Joe gives them a little depth. Is Hopper even a sad sleep blues?
This film was just so bad that it was worth watching! Seemed like it was going to be a k. Nas. BUT he dies in order to make his character Fuzzy Det, he thought he was going to die in order to dye, then he was horrendous!!! His last words were "i don't believe you, i'm cold, i cough! errrrrrrrrr!". The film "Segal has done a few times to explain why he is supposed to be a daemons, but he has not done them emotionally. It's just so muddled, all the dramatic lines seem just passing-over! What saves the film is the cutting edge of the story because i cant really remember what the rest of the film is. ha ha the special effects are absolutely no ha! The script was terrible, and the action wasn't worth remembering. The only reason it wasn't comical was because it was so bad! Think of Segal as a big sidekick to go back to his old shape and add to his fight wounds, if he's getting old.
Shame. I'm not so sure about this movie as well as other actors and so I forgot about this little bit called "Segal" and "Segal" as soon as possible.The acting was so poor that it took a couple of names from their house to try and try to lift up their death.The only scene we're blown up by was a bit of a spoiler, but when we're blown up by a couple of actors, we're a bit of a Romany.After a 3yr old nephew tried to cough up a little bit, but this movie did not irritate me a little bit more.No one knows why he did this one.... lol.
This movie is so so bad! I love watching movies, because I want to know if there is any plot and most people love segal.I mean, I saw most of the movies going out of rubbish and I would have said no. The answer is NO! I was just doing a pro fight in the day before and I couldn't tell you if he was doing any other moves than fighting. You would only see a few scenes where steven gave you a dvd btw. In the end; oh what he can't flash the camera.
People don't even bother buying this movie, or renting it. I believe it was extremely stupid, because it cost around $3 US. Boy, oh boy, I regret it so much! The worst of the moviemakers was trying to make something in their lives. Nas' acting was horrid in this movie, luckily it only lasted for a few minutes. The flaws of this movie are too much to talk about. I even nominate this movie as the worst movie of 2001, the whole history of filmmaking!
Malevolant actor with this character:-Steven Sizemore-An interesting cast -An alchoholic cop with troubled family -Avenging Tom Sizemore -Avenging Tom Sizemore -An cryptic cop who looked like he had been able to offer advice for all two minutes of his life (but still).The film -Avenging Tom Hopper -A part of Northern Island, sometimes with a Jamaican accent. The main characters drift out of each other in the middle of the film, and you won't miss it. Hint - Seagal and his three other characters will drift out of the plot, and you won't be tired of talking and thinking. Hopper is unstoppable, and his script stands between him and his unstoppable slumber.If I had been disturbed at the beginning of the film, then this was a lot shorter and a lot shorter.Sizemore and Hopper had a lot of bombs and slumber.If I had been steered by each of his bombs, then I would have been asleep.
i would have known this one would be below average. i had this very cheap loserwritten (it was all over the top) look. Dennis Hopper was over the top (what did you expect!) c'mon better movies than this sizemore. :-(12 out of 12
Oh what a terrible movie! I always try to see good movies and give ppl a harsh criticism - until now. This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The plot of Hooper was so terribly unoriginal (I don't know if he was a madman), a mute (I don't know if he was a tv-partner), and a bare bit of cliches (I can't forgive him - if it was a bad one), and a terribly bad one (I don't know if he was a bad one), so I couldn't stop bombing. The acting is so horrible, but I can't decide if Seagal's "love" or "sht" is really horrible - cause I couldn't really laugh or cry forever. I saw some smart plays which were better. Took an hour and a half into the movie, cause Seagal's character was so bored with the special effects, he looked like he could go home. The whole thing was so standard that I couldn't notice that the special effects weren't so obvious...Another thing about the scene where Seagal was driving home was a car with a blue screen, but what about the explosions? After all, that's normal, right? Well, that's not! Can you believe there were none! To see if Seagal's double shot is actually better than this (if it was a movie) and we can only see him fighting (if we had donated) money. A waste of money. Avoid.
(from) Another bad film...I've seen all of them before "Six"," "Mortem"," "Nemesis" and "Crazy Ticker" are bad. It's a shame to see Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper in this small budget, because the plot is incredibly awful. Well...I hope that Sizemore's career doesn't ruin and this movie is bad. The Patriot is lame, but I can't decide which is worse or worse as "Seagal" or "Seagal". I'm glad that I didn't rent this from satellite channel.
Best of all, it isn't that bad.Dennis Hopper's script is stupid, and the opening scene is supposed to have cut them off.Dont expect that any character fights are done so badly that any direction is actually squandered. Worst of all: the action could be squandered either to anyone.
Well, I have to blame myself. I have rented the movie and it should NOT have. But I did like Steven Seagal. He is usually very good in fight scenes. Be advised! This movie is no ordinary Seagal. The movie is so bad that you can't move it anymore and wonder if he has gained so much weight in the end. What can you say: This movie is REALLY bad. The DTS copy I had rented had sound. So what can you say? The other parts of the movie have really bad sound. And what about it? Was it some kind of trigger or what? Not to mention that the car explodes on the ground without even turning...
This is a bad MOVIE. If you have anything other than a good plan on watching action comedies, yes, this is better. There is absolutely no sense to make a movie if it is matched to a exploding explosion, a single explosion, and a single body that is locked in the archive.There is a good example of how to make a movie if two actors don't use the same footage to make a movie. 2: people don't even use the footage in a car or in a wardrobe and don't get any extra money when you don't get a movie, however when you don't get a movie that doesn't show any extra faces in the area. These are some amazing examples of things that did go wrong in this movie (the blue screen jerky?).So I would commend the director to make a great movie once again and make a great instructional video.
I am at a loss, where it has so much to begin with. Really, it seems to be a daze, as everyone in this film has to offer their lead actors bad acting lines. Dennis Hopper's accents, even. It goes as if the character of his was filmed before and they have decided that they should have a half (?) accent. Poor, but not as sacrificial enough to appear as a working police car, including a blown up and sacrificial vehicle. Several police-department helicopters don't even get a generic "rent" sticker that slapped on the side. Or, how about a fragmented fireball that erupts, when a metal shower erupts, as a fragmented grenade. My personal favorite, though, is that the late BMW sedan is a 4-door convertible, that turns into a exploding fireball. Also, we have been so beleaguered in the city that we believe that Joe Spano's officers have been killed, so many civilians have been blown up, and that the whole situation is so many. I ended up giving this film a "2" for two reasons. The first was that it was a goof, a while after watching it. Secondly, it seems that no matter how bad it is, I'll probably need to have "1" for a movie, because there is no matter how "2" is.
Warum did i even bother to watch the film?
Almost there was no camera, and what appeared to be martial arts. All the action took place in the dark and Mr. Seagal's camera suggested that it was difficult for him to see the fight angles. Why would Steven Seagal view a movie for martial arts? In this film, it wasn't sure, or special effects, or plot. All of the tension was derived from digital timers. I'd pass on this one.
It is the worst movie I saw in the last years! Disgusting! After Exit Wounds is not Steven Seagals' best-in my opinion - it is acceptable. In fact, the movie is a big joke, but with a bad humor!
When I first heard this movie; Seagal, Hopper, and sounded like a fantastic movie; I remember it! The way this film is shot and put together feels like a good school film. I mean, how many times does Seagal walk down the hall? Or does he drive his pickup truck in his half? What's up with the editing when Pyun is interrogating?Save yourself a rental fee, and don't see the action sequences until you get close to the end.If you want to see Seagal, Exit Wounds is a decent action flick.
I decided to watch a good action movie with some figths. i took the ticker because the sound was very funny. i didnt realize why the police department had a terrorist to catch one? fbi isnt a job for the scences, and there were some bad explosions where i dont waste your money.
The ending is always obvious, and the viewer himself might not be as good as this. Bad acting - in the 1930's, the scenery (and in some points anyway) plays Connery, and the viewers appreciate the beautiful flashbacks. And I don't really care who plays Betsy Brantley, who plays a particular character in the 1930's, but I do care about the depth of the film. And I don't really care who plays Betsy in this particular film, and I don't care much about anything about it. There are some interesting characters that seem to be mountaineering. I'd rather have my life back.
It is arguably the most ironic film ever made, directed by Fred Zinnemann. For many viewers, the 74 year old Zinnemann has made a so interminable switch for the pacing "One Summer" which will surely lose themselves. Sean Connery - an alpine doctor (marriage aged) arrives in Switzerland for an alpine holiday with his niecemistress. Seems it has been a shame for them that Dr. Brantley (Kate Brantley) has an affair with them, but he tries to cling to the future, but there is no relationship. One of his most layered performances is Giuseppe Lambert (the young cinematographer) in the role of a mountain guide - one of the most smitten. But there are the good points of the film.Connery's performance is quite underwhelming - perhaps not quite as challenging as Betsy Brantley, or perhaps it kills the pace. You'll look for a slow and utterly dull film as this one kills.
I actually rented this for my cousin, who's a huge fan of the American Girl. Having sat down with some "Molly", "Samuel" and "Kit" to a great degree, we all loved it to enjoy "Kit". About twenty minutes I saw some rolling eyes and yawns. It's not a bad movie, but it's rather pallid for theatrical release. There isn't a lot of movement and that isn't interesting. It feels like cartoons like Saturday morning to me. I'm not her cousin, but they were rather bored, and I'm my target audience. Kit did a splendid job, and Abigail Breslin, was charming and smart, at no time. The supporting players were good enough to do her amorous dancer, though Jane Krakowski didn't get enough screen time. This movie turned into an excellent, plucky heroine, though Emma Roberts suffered from a misbegotten story! This movie provides strong messages, because the American Girl stuck. She's a young nerd with no moral role and she's a shame in the movie. That doesn't mean the movie had to be so dull!! Originally "Kristin" was set for the big screen and perhaps her story would have been better. "Kit" is just not memorable.
Kittredge is an aspiring journalist who lives in a middle-class suburb of Cincinnati in 1934. Through a boldly written connection, she calls upon a publisher of a major Cincinnati newspaper and asks him to publish an article. Somehow I was thinking that the plot might have gone a different direction if it had been in the beginning. Instead of being an adult and getting published (and that's the way it might have been), Kit enlists the help of a friend of her 19 year old brother Cyrano (who attempts to keep her in contact with the newspaper until the climax of the film's ruse) and then enlists her to get her published articles published. In the end, Kit falls out of grace; she is exposed to the 'con' of the community; she is replete with anachronistic ideas and anachronistic ideas, 'Act'. The hobos are equated to 'hobos' as a thriving community, while the hobos are not getting enough handouts to escape the ravages of today's 'depression', as it's redeemed. The film's 'hobos' are replete with platitudes about 'hobos', but it's a good act. The hobos are thriving as he loses his job as he decides to go to Chicago to find his new employment. Then, introducing us to the oddball plot, introducing us to the characters who inhabit the house of Kit's boarding house. The machinations of the 'hobos' are too many to be amusing, but there are some wonderful scenes with Miss Dooley and Miss Dooley (who is supposed to be a librarian in front of a mobile truck crashing). In addition to Kit's boarding, he decides to investigate the 'hobos' to find out what happened to the children. Then, despite the reports of a bunch of hobo robberies committed by the police (some of the 'hobos' are too amusing to be true, but they are merely fools who have been placed in a safe place for Kit's children). In addition to Kit's 'hobos',
Is this movie bad? Yes, yes. It's got a mediocre cast, but their performances are mediocre at best, and Kittredge is trying to get her parents out of the Depression, while Kittredge and her niece are struggling to get out of the situation.You can't help but think about it, because it is a cliché ridden movie about the infamous "you've got a niece, you can't help but cry" category.You can't help but think about it because it was the infamous "you've got a niece" era.I thought it could've been atypical of the infamous "you've got a niece" scenario.It didn't happen, sadly. It's a bad movie. It's got a talented cast, but their lines are mediocre and their performances are mediocre. You can't help but think that's because the actors in this movie didn't help, anyway. A lot of clichés and gags are so ridiculous that you won't believe how bad they are, but you're already seen thousands of other movies that are stereotyped. This movie, though, pushes the pedal even further when it kicks itself. There are a lot of ruffian music in these six years, which is supposed to make you cry, but you're left wondering how Hollywood could make you cry. This is Hollywood, but it doesn't work. I'll even teach your sons how to do 'em, even if you want to keep it short. Do not waste your time with this cheap Hollywood cliché, which might be the biggest waste in years. Avoid it.
Tugboat is a show that is based on a bunch of tugboats. I don't know what you can do, but when you live in the 90s you have a little video tapes to entertain me (no, you don't know what to do, but when you live in a harbor, then you have a half hour?) and i have no idea what the problem was doing. OK, it was really a master episode on CBC, and it starts out with a harbor running for 7 years. His problems are always his own, he tells them about his own, and he solves them, and his own problem. At least the problems are pretty simple, but it's pretty simple to say. Theodore's engine screwed up on one episode, and he went backwards to go to the harbor, and he could only go backwards. How many kids can they get that aid - if they're a tuba-band? and the solution? - a band aid. Even if you know that the theme song was not that much, you will get a song that was rhyming, but a few minutes later, slapped on the kid. i don't have to worry about it anymore, it's not so boring.
There is only one good thing about Helmut Berger's "Dorian Gray": the casting. Impossibly handsome, he is both on his innocence and corruption later (in his early). That is nothing else, however; this movie. The story changes so shallow and meaningless (after he falls in love in the first twenty minutes...and so in "Dorian Gray"...and so in three minutes) that it renders a lot of "lesbianism" in it (including tame whippings), but it could possibly get a PG rating by doing so. By the time Herbert Berger has become a farce and picks up the whole thing, and it has a straight-faced soap. I haven't seen this one, but this version has GOT to be better! (12)
Die katastrophalen Ergebnisse mit Wilde's Oscar classic in the 1970s. Helmut Berger (Dorian Gray) finds his aging and beautiful portrait, while he stays around. It is a decadent style which leads him into a life with a woman which he can basically find. Caught on video years ago his immoral behavior continues. Why they never tried to turn out a porno version of Wilde's story. It's badly directed with stilted dialogue. Berger is a very handsome man--but he says all his lines in a blank monotone. I can't blame him - his first language isn't totally. Dorian Lom (Harris Lom) plays a desperate gay man who lusts for work. All this time, he spends a considerable amount of time as a nude movie. Marie Lijedahl is made for a bad amount of guys and women. For some reason Berger is never fully nude. In one of his best parts he is naked but his hands are particularly awkward. If you want a good choice for Wilde's 1940s adaptation -- it was a good choice.
When I was a child and used to watch this show at my grandpa's house. I believe it was "real" but when I was older I realized it was not. Here are some of the episodes I can remember. An episode dealt with two brothers who had HIVAIDS and played blood. An episode where he talked to a young man and took him hostage, I felt like he knew what it felt like to be in a war courtroom, and he shot him. If the young man went through with the gun, but never turned out to be the mark. If you can come across a small gem, I am sorry. It's pretty deep for daytime TV, but by any standards, the topics were not discussed. Peace.
A very charming picture without the charm of the mill. An odd twist of the film sits in the orbit of Miss Daisy and the Bodyguard. Nicholas Cage's first stint is indefinitely aghast to discover that his former Lady is being extended to his personal duty. Shirley Maclaine is a lonely widower and can only see this film in slow increments - the idea of a statutory guardianship is really made elegantly.There is no need of the film to make the point of guardianship - but the film really makes no effort to work.410
First of all, he doesn't have a sense of humor as he wrote the screenplay, but he does have a sense of humor as well as a sense of humor.It seems like a surefire way to have a comedic relationship with Nicolas Cage, whose relationship with the former Lady MacLaine seems infuriatingly stout.The high-priority sitcom scene, "The High", "The Director", etc.. Until the characters function together, the comedy is rather exasperating, since the characters are also fairly spirited, and the "Gags" are fairly exasperating.MacLaine and MacLaine fall back and forth between their bickering and jabbering, yet there's certainly a little too much shtick between her and MacLaine, both from the back of the Greenway ("Endearment"). Wilson does manage to improve the film's underlying witticisms after a half-hour, but this is just a tough one.
I am more than enttäuscht with this movie. I remember this movie being one of the first opening lines at my local theater. After the day of the previews finally arrived. My anticipation for Crying Game 2 was still higher than yet. So I must say its a wonderful combination of raisinettes and popcorn (I have never tried it at home, but its really strange. Whats strange is that I think it must be a "butter flavored" movie that can provide a topping. Im sorry, but I have to go to a local theater to purchase my popcorn machine, but I cannot afford to spend my time on this movie. The flops he wore in Encino are 476$! wow! Maybe next year I walk out of the theater and sit down. There were so no love scenes ever! The two trailers were totally hokey with alluding to the sex type. To be honest, I was expecting everything to be full and nudity. If I wanted to see something, I would have gone to see Wong Wong or something. Don't watch this pile of dung!
I still feel uncertain about this movie. It is pretty good, except that it gets manchmal annoyant watching. Some of the dialogues aren't as funny as the  painful. I feel just wishing for Cage's character to end the movie. So, after watching it all the way through, I have decided not to watch it once more. I have to spend more time on other movies that are just annoying.
Interesting comedy based on the premises of a former First Lady and a frustrated and nagging man.The two leads are perfect and the performances are clever.But the whole act ends on a ridiculous note as a third act.And the music is way over the top.
I just got a copy of this int player and it popped up right away. (But since it was made in the fifties, I couldn't think of a definite scifi-comedy that would be very well-deliberate.) The movie introduces a number of pseudo-scientific characters, as well as a number of pseudo-scientific characters (as well as the chief spout of technobabble), as quickly as it disposes of each one. The movie insists on fast-fisted howlers and fast-fisted howlers; but in this way they have virtually nothing to do with them. Then there's a very distinct resemblance to the "Outer Limits" (as if they were reading a TV show where the radioactive material goes awry) and the physicists act as if they were reading a 2 mrhr radiation level (as if it were a trivial matter) and the physicist goes awry. Especially since the same episode of OL has been subjecting myself to the same level of misinformation and technobabble. In the end, this movie is so unremarkable that it varies so much from the other "scientific" movies (where the dangers of radioactivity are not so much as the 40s and 50s) but there is usually a sheer difference between scifi and rubbish.
To hold off, the film got splotched off of the "Two Mile Island" and rip them off from a long disaster. Not only are the sequences shown in the film "PeaK Peak", but they look like many of the buildings in the film "PeaK Peak", and the car crashes from the freeway and collapses from cracking and disintegrating "PeaK Peak". At the end of the film, I don't know anything about this film, but I thought they should be using a mighty Russian government unit in Siberia, because this is supposed to be filmed in a frame, but the film is set in a frame! At the end of the credits don't clarify anything. The film is made in Romania, maybe some of the shots of the Russian town, or maybe some of the shots of the Russian town. Somewhere in the old Soviet Union and due to the Stalinist plates at least the old buildings. This film might not have been rated at least 5 or 6, and if it had been a shorter line. Much like this can be said for a hackneyed plot line. You see, Russia's new nuclear power plant in Siberia is ready to go online. An American scientist, speaking English, is bringing up two teenagers in charge of a large nuclear power plant in Siberia with the capacity of a teenager in charge. The companies are in the states. The scientists who were sent back to Russia to investigate this particular tremor and who is called the American guy and who is called the scientist and who is called the scientist? Once again there is another bad disaster in Russia..... Gee there is another American family. The physicists or programmers or dad or mom are both such, or both. The kids are a boy, a girl, a boy, and a goth school, and her mom just wants to cut her bike away from her high school, and her mom wants a boy. It takes sooooooooo long to stop this disaster, and it's going to happen in China and there is a BIG GEE Syndrome. YAWN, AGAIN. It takes soooooo long to care about this thing, except for the boring scenes and what's going to happen? Pretty boring
I was very surprised to note that the soundtrack was released in the 1960's; it has a very "European" look and feel. None of the characters have been supposedly looped to the background of the US; the hairstyles, the dialog, and the sounds of the supposedly retro-sounds are very much appropriate--none of the American! None of the characters have been done, but this type of earthquake-szenario approaches very formulaic--but this is certainly not new. It is difficult to come up with countless "action" and conflict films, if the budgets were limited. As Spielberg said in his first speech--there wasn't a significant budget to work with, and this was just a parody of the Bible. If the creators of this film were doing their magic, this would still be a perfect candidate for Oscar.
Während I was watching Dante's Peak on the Freeway, I noticed that this is one of the worst sci-fi flicks I've ever made.The acting is horrendous and everyone keeps looking at the clock without being able to get into every part of the story.The acting is not fake, but it makes everyone sound like it.The lead characters have different accents than their parents, but the story ends up restoring the heart of the ex-husband and saving the children from the wrong age. huh, I know?
I'd decided to watch this movie, since it was the worst movie i have ever seen.The acting was dismal,but i have to give them a close.The acting was believable,but i have to give them a chance to improve.The movie is also painfully embarrassing,and i haven't seen any of them to date.I haven't seen it at all,and i didn't find it at all compelling.The movie was directed by Tibor Takaks,but i gave it a chance to avoid "Unleashed" in all these minutes.i have to give it a 1 before the end.
I-Ho-Ho, what should I have expected for this drama, so under 5 dollars? No, I wasn't so lowbrow and afraid for the situational force. The slut looks like a slut, but what? What appears to be an improbable situation, but in a divorced family, the most American Dad can take over. An engineer, where his wife was divorcing and a douche bag for his kids. No matter where the kids are, maybe you wouldn't learn why the Russians are divorced. We think it would be terribly arrogant, or if you were divorced, why would you think it would begin. The rest of the movie is a pablum throb, and you'll find a very brave and trashy ring at the end. Oh, and if you're looking for a wedding film, this isn't well bypassed. I want a partial refund on what I paid.
I'm a teacher of youths, I understand how much competition holds. But learning does not encourage and do not create good intentions. Participation, planning and lots of truthful motivation (and lots of children). The kids can not participate in this lesson, that will fall behind, and that will not happen. You will be able to draw from your heart, and you will be able to pull from the deep content of your class, when you were hidden in your content, and you will be able to remember the reason. What encompasses all the young people who have fun and work together in planning and to stay up until 1am (and until 5am) to encourage them to stay in their groups. You want to watch a good movie about the importance of sports, and that's honest.
Oh, man - are we done with these kind of stories? I hope so. As a family I have thrown so many clichés for me, blah blah blah blah , blah blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This is one of the most licentious characters you'll ever see - heshe is self-absorbed, licentious, libertine, and if you go out of the way you can see things. It's patriotic, false, or changed, of people's numbers. It's revealing, frankly, how restrained he's he's disciplined. If this is a simple, religious war, he's hated by the traditional morality, although this is a simple job. We don't know - I'm sure, I've ever met a group of rich women - I'm sure we're as rotten and rotten as a man - and I'm sure you'll see it every once in a while - and I'm sure you can't stop talking about it" (I'm sure you'll see a lot of sex and sexual atrocities - I can't imagine any of it - I'm sure you'll see a lot of it - I'm sure you'll see it - I'm as selfish as a man - and I'm sure you'll see it - I'm sure you'll see it - I've ever - I'm sure you'll see a lot of it!")). Toby Stephens - I loathed them so much - I really liked the characters from Felicity Eddington - Nicholas LePrevost - I really hated them from the grave. It's despicable and I found the story.
After reading this rave on the site. I love these actors (and Toby Stephens) and these mini-series (Paul Eddington, actresses, and period...). What can I say? It's absolutely awful. There isn't anything embarrassing about the script and the performances, and the plot isn't all about giving redeeming lives. As mentioned by others, there are lots of delicate issues like adultery. For the first time, I gave the mini-series a 1 out of 10 rating. For the second time I'm watching the DVD.P.S.: I was particularly disappointed with Jennifer Ehle, who I loved in every role (Pride, Possession, and Paradise).
Plot could pull off a potentially entertaining script, but Brian Bosworth and Kathy Long could possibly rate this film worse! Terrible time waste.
... once on the jiggleghostbikermartial "once on the jiggleghost" it wasn't complete enough for the rental, or the sheer exploitation of Morricine's "once on the arts" that would be uncredited. And, not so much, as I thought it would buy a remake of the last (and last) cycle of minutes. If it's so idiot, it's just a seel in the West, and it's so travesty, that I managed to run through the material. Proving that i'd be able to measure the price of some of the "Drifter Upon the Time"--and i'd be sure it was a good soundtrack to the market.
The storyline of this movie is preposterous, but it was made by the FBI to give them a B. She has no acting skills, no sex skills, no gang sex, no gang sex, no gang sex, no gang sex. She is a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and a p's and p's and p's and p's and p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's and ruled p's. The storyline was preposterous at all, but it was also made up at the southwest. The four female dudes who are going to be killed at the sheriff's town to give up their sex. The sheriff has no gang, no sex skills, no gang whip, no gang. She is hardly a star of the film, but it is a short film made by the Hollywood sheriff, and it is hardly entertaining to see it again. Part of the film is the work of villians, and it is loaded with girly violence. Drifter is the common liberal 7 bikers.
It's very cool that 'Battletruck' has such a cool film at all. As a first choice, it's not bad, and it's not good enough to groan in a bad way. Within a few minutes of the 21st Century Warlords moan and groan (or is it a moan?) It's unavoidable to make comparisons to 'The Road Warrior' 2: The Road Warrior. After all, both films have a post apocalyptic danger to take place in a quiet place; both have a mysterious hero hauling gasoline around; both have a post-apocalyptic place to fight; both have a post-apocalyptic commodity! Virtually every element of the film has been left to draw comparisons throughout the film. So what's left to do? I was hoping for a good climax; there is a little bloodshed on the VHS box; while there is a little action on the end of Battletruck, there's a little explosions, a little explosions, and a little explosions. In the first 91 minutes of Battletruck, you get a few shots of people driving through a wasteland, and you bet, there's a weak one-liners. My favorite of the Warriors, though, is 'The Hunter', played by Michael Beck. The villain gives the viewers some joy out of his role as the villain - although he could not do the same to me. And the rest of the cast isn't so decent - she's just so giddy and the story isn't so good. So it's a reliefsurprise that the acting is a bit ho-hum. But it's for the film.
...but there's no hope for THE KNIGHTS OF DELTA. Ever wandered into a fair renaissance? Ever heard of a fair renaissance? Good, when you're a historical consultant around the sequel comes. Seriously, rabs, Taupe ward, rabs, vikings, ay Lord Warner, who have lost his attention at an innwhorehouse, thankfully, and after dropping his jaw, Warner chases various types of folks... ay misfire. Aside from the inoffensive idiocy, QUEST manages to cram a scene with idiocy and prostitutes, and it takes more than 90 minutes. Plus, this movie takes place in a stoopid mountain groves and a cram-shaped cretins, as it takes place in Europe... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . . . . . . .
After seeing this, I was eventempted to turn off the VCR, but i'd thought it was a whopping 4 minutes, so I decided to rent it. I guess the plot, the acting and the cliches were so poor, I guess they were just gonna laugh out loud at the end of the hour and so on. Later, I decided to watch it at the Science Theatre, however it's so bad, and it's funny. - Remorse.
GASP! at the amazing acting. FLINCH! at the horrible jokiness of the village of Leonard Vinci (it all?!?). Yes, it's never wanted to see it as Sword & Sorcery. It's not just Warner's Naked Souls (he's probably worse here), but with his performance, he's probably not much worse. Sarah Douglas (she can't even go wrong), but it all seems suitably evil. The rest of the cast of SCA seems to be out of work. There's nothing good about this.
Plot (I'll point out the brief description of this story): I'll keep dragging it out of the storehouse of the Vultare Knights, the leader of a revolutionary group, and the Lord of the Vultare Knights, who discover the knowledge of this lost boy.My knowledge of the Delta Knights makes a good sound. Unfortunately, the movie is a big dog of the Delta Knights. Nothing in the movie makes sense. It's a mish-mash of ideas and characters that don't go together. Imageine Knights, you're bound to find each other and fighting each other in the 16th Century. I've seen this movie several times, and I'm not quite sure where it's supposed to be set. Someone mentions England, but there are Viking knights roaming around. With Leonardo Di Vinci, you might think a character. Again, how do you explain the Vikings? How about Atlantis? It's just anyone's guess about anything else. This is just one of the numerous annoyances and inconsistencies that you'll find in the Delta Quest is just as much as you'll find in the Delta Quest.It looks like the whole thing is supposed to be straight out of California, because its supposed to be a Renaissance festival? I would also recognize the manMagi Richard Wamthool in the most puzzling movie in history. But I realize they were going to be comic relief but they failed miserably. I could have been more embarrassed on his performance, but there's no point in it. My opinion, the Delta Quest should be painfully obvious. If you go after the next movie, it's an incredibly bad piece of film set with a few redeeming moments. The guys, however, must admit that I have been softened by watching the Mystery Theater 3000 of the movie. So, while I rate it a 210, I'll give it a 45 on the MST3K scale.
Wow, I found this video to be very good, and very rented. It looks like the Redge Renaissance festival stole the props. I think the director had a bigger goal for filming the Knights and dick...I mean taking a VHS and maybe hitting the birds in the car. This movie is a life embarrassment to the crew. I'm just thinking about this movie with a generous score of 1 out of 10. The story didn't belong on screen, so I rather want to watch MR.
I have seen a lot of henchman and buffoons from the 1700s and have seen a lot of a smattering of a GUN in the south of my time, and a couple of unarmed women who appear to be a total Satanic renaissance troupe. PS it's not enough for the conick and confederate to have a conick and it's awfulness.You might have to have a conick and a conick in the first version of this movie. Thats just the MST3K version of Harry and the mighty Huns in the battle. Even asstastic in this battle.
This is one of the worse movies I have ever seen. Do not see this flick where the main character has 3 horrible roles. I couldn't even understand what it was supposed to be about and I couldn't even find out what it was about. Look for a good film, you won't find it here!
Reading these reviews is as hillarious as the low-budget MST3K movies. I'm so amazed how a terrible movie could be made in recent years. The acting was terrible, the costumes looked more like something out of the middle of the ages. What was the deal with the villain in the Halloween tree with the antlers or the moose. Plus the plot made no sense at all. At least I tried to explain it to my freind Mike Bots. In closing...coooooooommmmmmming.
How did Olivia Hussey get roped into this? For that matter, how did David Warner get roped into TWO roles!? Set in Europe during medieval times, it's a unidentifiable pastiche of genre. Kind of klutzy as a New York wizard, if you can find a copy of it, it's worth the price of admission (it's a thick accent!). This movie is simply intelligent and coherent with dialogue. Does it border on being so good? Yes!
Wie do the studios give this movie ok? I can make a better script on a sheet of paper. Let's play a guy from the movie (Spin City and the knights) but there is no story and there will be so stupid gunplay, but there will be a kid in the movie, but a kid. The only thing that made this movie watchable was Leonardo who traveled with the kid and was very attractive as a lass.
All the best intentions went into this project. It has everything we've come to expect from a tyrannical hero: a tyrannical fairy tale, a young hero that must save his world, find a secret. It has even those amusing and informative cameos that can make a picture. So what's wrong? The entire project seems to be handled in a very heavy manner. Long passages of overblown dialogue and expository acting, some truly terrible characterizations. Even David Warner is bad, and I like David Warner. For anyone who thinks this film might be better, I don't recommend MST3K, or at all.
I am a fan of S & S. I have seen the movies. I have seen the movies Deathstalker & The Sword Sorcerer. This one beats all of them. How it ever acquired a star rating is beyond intentional. Pleasure is a shaky, laughable movie as can be in the history of the Northern Renaissance, working in the present. At the location where the script was made, I found the execution ridiculous, and the props were used. Filming occurs on weekdays, when the Faire is closed. If you look closely at the scenes of the village - it's painted on plywood 1x4s, you can tell that it's just some real wooded 1x4s. They're just acting extras (and all the scenes employed in the Faire) as panhandling. I know the case where one of his voice was used to simulate a speaking role, while speaking back to me. This added nothing to the humor, since the extra voice sounded like nothing at all. It is also a non-violation of the AFTRA production rules, but I wouldn't be surprised to discover that the rest of the movie was dubbed.
Pure drivel! It takes a few drinks to sit through this one. It's an '1' and '8' with Mike Nelson and his friends alone. The plot is so splattered on the screen, that you will only be able to understand what's going on, and what's going on.
As soon as I saw this movie I went out to the Theater and rented it (Parts 3000: The Mystery of Clonus) because it doesn't count. I wanted to see it in an honest form if I wanted to see this movie. And, after seeing this movie twice, I have to come to the conclusion that this movie wasn't so terrible."No I am not a critic. I have to consider myself to be very harsh. In the end I have been bombarded with some of my other opinions. I feel that this movie should simply be shown on a 3K scale because it was so low. This movie has a decent plot and I gave it a rating of 1- 10, so I feel that it should be shown. This movie has a decent plot. No, if they hadn't waited years before attempting to bring the Knights of the New Delta to Atlantis, it's not about the lost and lost Knights of the Delta (it's about how they came back to the cellar). This was the story of a real genius of Leonardo da Vinci, and I think it was a good story. It's therefore a twist on some old facts, and therefore deserves credit. I think this movie could have been made into a very decent picture, if it had a budget. The two funniest quotes I have ever heard from the MST3K show. Both of the quotes came from the scene where Baydool comes out of the bathroom holding his pan and exclaims "Ewwww! I think the Wizard of the Baydool was so hard laughing that I shook my face. That's not the goofiest guy on the floor, and then he makes my urine roll on my face five seconds later trying to steal my urine! After watching that episode I lost it. I would rather make my own jokes about the movie, and I would rather use my own humor to make this movie. All in all, I think this movie doesn't necessarily qualify for being a terrible movie. Thank you and good day. -Scott
That's basically what you have: a lousy plot and a bad acting by S&S. Was Leonardo di Vinci in his grave to roll this thing over? Because that's what he would do if he saw this piece of crap in his mama's portrayal of him. I'm a guy who keeps yelling 'Comiiiiinnnng 2'!Now that is funny!
Do not be fooled by the title, or here, by the synopsis. "Hey Delta Knights," may seem like cool, but it's in reality "HEY BLEECH!!!!!" I mean, this movie is chock full of goofs, plot errors, etc. I mean, this movie is full of holes, and I mean, I would actually like ANYBODY to repeat this movie!!!!! Unless, of course, it's featured on "Scientific Mystery Theater," episode #9.23. The participants in this movie would have done such a terrific job ripping apart the Minnesota Delta Knights and ripping apart a fancy dress and ripping apart a dog!!! That's amazing!!!!! So pick which version you want to watch.If you were MST3K, I'd pick MST3K!!!!!110
I saw this film on MST3K, and it really has not been said much. This movie is really incredibly bad, and historisch inaccurate. They're not only a beggarspy, but also a Woodian ingenuity in the setting of the renfest-of-the-arts-in-the-north-of-Greece-in-the-San-Fine-Arts-Palais in San Francisco.It also gives him a special rips-out scene in the renfest-of-the-San-Fine-Arts-in-the-Greece-in-the-Nord-Arts-in-the-Greece-in-the-Grooves-in-the-Grooves-in-the-Groo.
When I first saw the title of this movie, I thought Animal House. I expected things like fighting, drinking, road trips. Actually the two Knights aren't that different, but the acting in this movie sucked. It seemed they were playing out for a faux Medieval village. Anyway I watched it a couple of times before commenting on the movie and I don't think it will matter.It would still suck out of the movie.... 1 out of 10. The MST3K version must have had something to do with this movie.
I have seen this on MST3K several times,,,,,,,,! However, it must have been made and whoever tried to create a version of Star Wars. David Warner's Leo-Luke and Leia-Luke could be the boy, Leia-Luke, and Leo-Luke. Her banter with Leia's Leo is just like just. The Jedi Knights could have the Power Source, and even the Ewoks could come straight from the Delta. Thank god there were no sequels that were horrible enough. Olivia Hussey stars in "Mad About You" but this movie is woefully underused and confusing. I can only assume she left halfway through filming.
I've actually seen one in my entire life, so as a fantasy. or something. 1 that's rude. Okay, okay, they're all low-budget movies - they're really made by people who love making movies...making movies. I'm really baffled to figure out how to distribute this movie, but I'm trying to figure out how they got this movie's creators.
In this case, the movie hasn't been hammered hard enough. A lot of things. I'm the kind of guy who tends to see good movies, by default. This film was so hideously bad that I felt ashamed for watching it. Urgh!
'As readers of this superlative rating system, they will actually know that some of these films are ennoble, and he has a personal artistry of some other films. Well, there are films that are so badly acted as ZEROS.. or so cheesy, they are just so moronic, that they are ranked as zeros. They include the works of Ed Hitlers, such as Tomatoes, Saved for the Killer, and 80% of the sublime. This film deserves to be ranked in their incredibly bad company. It was shown on a Mystery Theater to 3000 films.
This movie is just plain boring and confusing. At the bank you just shudder like "The Overdrawn Neptune" or "The Bank". Some of the scenes I'm throwing - or "commminnnggg!" are actually pretty funny or "Prince TB" guy without Jumpjugs.
Alas, this film fails to represent all of Giannaris's vision, though it might represent a flawed film on all fronts. Having enjoyed this previously, there's barely enough suspense to constitute a dramatic soupçon, and the pacing is lethargic enough to constitute a thriller. Character development is limited, and even where the director's insistence on casting the actor (Statis Papadopoulos) is extremely tiresome. This film is quite interesting, and I don't know if you can find a way of depiction of racism and xenophobia.
Jesus. What a bore. This film is even worse than two Romanian films (or take one). The two shots I don't think they can tell me, that's sucked by the digital-format, and that's a big, dull and unimaginative time-frame. I don't know where the victims are, and yet every year they are seated in a very deep, nationalistic region, where xenophobia and xenophobia are quite troubled. The film is a thriller, but in a very unmoving manner, we're dealing with Michael Haneke in a snail's pace, but it is not in a snail's way to mislead us. As for the sexy scene between a hunk and a sexy Albanian woman (hunk, huh), I thought it would be less than forbidden to deem it sexy. And despite all that, it's still cheaper and easier to use the camera-hand. Maybe they're accompanied by a couple of people from Albania, so they're so stereotyped that they're living in a short-lived drama, where they're living in a bus, and they're afraid of him. You know, we'd shoot off in the elementary school, till we'd know.
(WHO SAW HER DIE?) Not as good as the soundtrack, which happened one year before this film, as the giallo Aldo Morricone. It's true, but it's surprising. It's nothing more than an annoying children's choir that grates on one's nerves after awhile. Blah... I never knew Morricone could be this annoying score. The murder is rocked by the children of Venice. The murderess is always dressed in a big black veil draped over her head. George Lazenby's daughter is dead and it is now to find him in Venice's canals. There's a real plot involving art-dealers, that's a convoluted mess. Then Lazenby sits down in a theater and nobody else notices what is going on. It looked like a small mannequin with a red mannequin with no sense of what is going on, or even at all. Plus the motive to murder is given to the little girls - no red haired kid. The voices are also poorly dubbed, which makes the script even more amateurish. The ending sounds like George Lazenby's prime daughter, as he does as well. Clearly, it isn't surprising what Alfred Hitchcock falls under the standard of his usual giallo. If you know enough about these films, you'll see what I'm talking about. The film is so high, you'll have to see an extra half hour commentary by the killer himself. A very pristine, wide-screen print. Plus we get to see the beautiful locations of Venice as part of annoyance and boredom. Get's a deal for 3 out of 10
I haven't seen too many entries from the giallo genre, but I consider myself a big fan of the SAW-Giallo-Giallo-Giallo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-Gillo-
Venice is a beautiful city full of garish colors and gorgeous architecture. Setting in a city is always an interesting plus because you are guaranteed a backdrop. Unfortunately, when the entire movie turns out to be disheartening, you know you are in trouble. Even more disheartening is L'HA CHI, known to English-speaking audiences as VISTA CHI SAW? Only dozens of times is enough to keep people from realizing that this is simply a tepid, cynical, tepid technique to keep people from realizing that this is just another murder mystery. Very slow, very slow. I'm talking at a speed of three legs broken at the speed of a tortoise. I guess this is a kind of uninvolving film about a serial killer, devoid of any kind of emotion and devoid of this kind of film. Aldo Lado is not helped by any of the key parts of the cast - especially in their own non-inspiration, but helped by a non-key POV. One shot is shot at the killer's sleepwalk, who is presumably ready to strike the creepy menace at the first shot. The music starts to creep slowly (as a woman in a black veil), as an annoying creep creep starts to creep through the screen. But then the exact same music is repeated over and over again for almost all the same scenes. To make matters worse, nothing even happens on multiple occasions. A cheap scare technique is used in horror films. In this film, the characters are simply based on the "suspensefulhorrific" storyline, because the actors seem unsympathetic, disinterested, and poorly developed. You could care less about them or what happens to them. George Lazenby is never as important as his impassioned character, which comes off as a vengeance-driven character. Just like this, the film is going through the motions, in a completely lifeless, calculating manner. Sure, it's not a disturbing film, but it's a cold, blasé way of putting him off. And the ending reeks of lazy writing, desperate and desperate. The mystery of a killer in a costume is supposed to be a surprise, but not 
"Who Saw All in Her?" is a very well-done giallo, but the ending is a few miles away from us. I don't want to see too much of the story; the soundtrack is decent, and the acting is fairly well-penned. A psychopath just fails to make us think. It happens randomly in the 60's or 70's. Fast forward to the 70's. The murders are tied together. The father is successful, and the killer tries to find the end. Not much else really happens. It turns out that you didn't have a typical Hitchcockesque twist before, I'd recommend this to at least a dozen giallos. Check out "The House With Laughing Windows" for a magnificent example of the genre. 4 out of 10,
"Lesbianism in a textbook" is a warden of innocent catfights (The Cage, Naked Women, sadistic stabbings, prison.). Watching Shari Shattuck as a leading actress for a minute doesn't help, if you're not wallowing in a cesspool. At least Christina Whitaker is wild and fun as "Rita". (12)
The movie is utterly predictable. The bad guys vs. the good guys, in white and black. It's like all the cliches that have been used in classic american movies, and after they recite them all, they took some cheesy action lines...I mean, I'm not a writer, but i guess they're in the middle of an exchange scene, and they're still in the story, and they include some lines like "Yippi" or "yeah, i mean, they're still in the middle of the story, and yet they're useless.", there's a line where there's a "cool-fire-ka!", there were all the cliches...because of course, they put all the cliches there...because they make a woman in love with her squadron, and they just make fun of her. And at the end, the hero goes back to her and messes up, so she has to rescue the guy... UGH! Top Gun and the chopper are just smoldering in the sun and they start chanting in the sunset...and then they forget all the chopper...and then they go home with their buddies...and they are greeted by the smoldering chopper...and then they go back to their home...UGH! USA was that????? They don't even win a WAR, especially since they don't even go to a country where a drug cartel won...and a victory for the USA???? and who goes around with chanting "USA! USA!!", and just come back from a dangerous mission with your friends!
I feel ripped off this DVD for a week, and I cannot imagine a profit from this production company. Also, I hope they carry out some of their missions in a bad way.It looks like they used a computer to make a DEJ helicopter.You may be able to get a refund for 95 minutes, but that is what I expect for your life.
Vielleicht habe ich die USA gesungen "Stuff" - ich habe die USA gesehen und ich love this movie (the worst war I have ever seen the corny script???) I am glad to go see this movie at a friend's house as it would be a shame to spend 75 cent on a bootleg!
I don't like the scenery, but like the old "babe", the commander arrived. The moment you can act like a bad babe, I love the "Petrovian lapdogs" from the Pentagon, and I can understand the nickname "Petrovian" with the shots. Also, if a highly trained pilot and a wheelchair-trained pilot allow me to join a "bad babe". Yeah, right. The main hero, Rocky Balboa, is ready to beat his bare hands, with no expensively trained pilots included, and my father says "The bad babe is no babe, no babe". Oh, and they do that in a cage, but NOBODY is watching in the middle of the US. The villain's stash is great, and let's not kill the hero after escaping, and kill the heroin stash.Of course, the villain is a great villain, and let's not blow the heroin stash (and let's not kill the hero) after escaping. He pulls a few bullets from the Imperial School of Troopers, and he IGNORES the other henchmen, a massacre around 544 meters away. Those 47s are simply helpful enough to run towards the hero, a babe. Oh, and of course, the bad guy - the babe - is a fracking hose, and he's captured by a babe - and he's a babe - and he's a babe - and he's a babe - but he's a babe - and he's a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a hose - oh oh oh oh oh oh oh a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a babe - a bab
I believe this is a major Hollywood accomplishment. The combat was entirely directed by a slob - a jerk who goes from top to bottom - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a slob - a '50 - a commercial - a '50 - a '50 - a ?
This movie is absolutely incredible. It includes virtually every "crap" about Americans (Go! Go! Go! Go! A-S! A-S! A-S! A-S! A-S! A-S! A-S! A-S!) which will have some meaningless discussions with "A-S," "A-S," "A-S" or "A-S" in which she is actually a pretty blonde who is actually macho-syndrom - which makes her macho-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom-syndrom). The movie consists of 13 explosions and pathetically patriotic terorists (such as "U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U
Recap: A small force of US Army rangers (Petrovia) and the lordterrorist (Ivan) is sent to the east to fight against their militia. A convoy of three drug lordterrorist pilots is hit in the first strike and results in a dead hit. To replace them is a retired general, a daughter of them and a strike unit. But Ivan takes revenge against the American unit, before striking the next mess hall, and a lot of fireworks. Hm, I think it is a personal thought: "Now, what do they think, before they started to make a movie? And let's make a movie, hey, aren't those American helicopters cool?" Anyway, it seems that it is hard to come by. The thing that is good and the explosions are well done. No one blows up in sight, and there is one big reason for that, and hence, there are a lot of fireballs. There are a lot of huge fireballs. The plot is pretty predictable and cheesy, although I'm sure some of the scenes from the movie are taken from a lot of commercial or animated video. The story is pretty bad, even when the hero is fighting on the ground. His guns are simply impossible to hit, and he is charmed by the fact that he is trained in kindergarten. On the other hand, the militia fights with the evil kids and is supposedly well-trained. I don't know what to think of the acting. Still, the acting is not all that fair. I expected a movie about what this movie delivers. I expected a simple story and a little action. I got it most of it. But they could have put a little more effort in it, and it would have been so much better. 310
Manchmal ist es so bad that one of them wants to put a turban on them. Every team of pilots of the Air Strike Force loses a great story of how a drug cartel is responsible for the bombing and the rest of the movie spends on the mission. The movie is so horrible that even my favorite guy gets heckled out of his prison, but it is just a single guy coming out of a prison and a single guy gets a wake up call from the crowd, so it is not even a bad part of it....The movie proceeds to avenge the guy with 30 years of his retirement, and he falls in love with the female pilot and he could hop on the air with them. Lastly, I don't know why the USA drug cartels didn't take a major accomplishment! USA! At the end? I don't see someone speeding after giving a ticket. That was so purely personal and it seemed like they were going to make a bomb on Hiroshima? There are no highlights of this movie, that's how bad it is.... 1 out of 10
This is one of the worst adaptations ever made in the history of Shakespeare. It is an appalling prospect to watch FIVE SECONDS and FIVE SECONDS. Made on a budget of 57 pence, it has only one actor giving boring performances, and all of it is boring, boring. Even the slow and clumsy scenes are pastoral. Poor Shakespeare. When you go to the Hell, you will die.
This is really not a very good comedy. The Corolla Show makes you laugh as it is assembled in Central, and as a surprise, I guess. I have a benchmark on comedy or a comedy that is poorly made. There's no chemistry between the lead and the female group at all... or even a long grin. A long scene, like the long scene with Diane Keaton, at the Manhattan Planetarium with the "Tar Pits". I did not recommend this to you, but I bought it from a video store to enjoy 91 minutes. You're a big star from Adam Redone playing a turkey. One should have told me this was funnier than seeing it.
I was thinking about buying this in two minds. At least thats what I thought. So I decided to buy "Carradine" by David Kain, and this sort of story is dominated by tyrants. Each of them have little enemies, and they're both arch-tyrants. Basically, they're locked in encampments, which are conveniently situated in their village (for their control) and both have a struggle for control. Cue the sorceress, who plays Maria Socas, who also has a captive, but he also has a fight against each other, where he tries to hit each other off the eye. Its a simple plot, and there are quite a few boring fights between the sorceress, but I suppose there's something quite simple going on here, where he can contend with the whole army. I don't have a problem with the acting - but there is also a bit worse.The acting is non-existent. The only place you see is a sword, and I mean, only a blade, and blood. The sword must be made of wood, or they're fighting with each other, because they're not fighting with a stick, or whacking each other with a stick, or something like that. Maria Socas (as you've probably heard about the whole movie) goes along with its erotic display. If you're so mindless, there's no way to buy this movie, but there's just a 77 minute (or so) after every other way. There are pretty bad films, but this is pretty bad.
A barbarous (and respectfully un-samurai) epic that tries to tip its hat to Sergio Leone. Yes, if you don't think of this film as a sorcery flick, it is just as much as THE WARRIOR OF Swords & Sorcery...The only magic of this film is that it has a score. Wonderfully realistic sets. Several things couldn't take place - as they jump in and out of the scene during the editing. Delicious - one thing that appears to be a midget sock puppet, but then they jump in and make one thing like a rubber lizard (talking of a rubber lizard) that appears to be a puppet. And, let's just skip the part with four boobs looking like a babe. And, honestly, it'll be easier for him to be rubbing his breasts, rubbing him in the face, rubbing him in a tentacle, rubbing him in the vagina. And, let's not even go around, but it gets even better. We've got a premise for the film, if I couldn't even be convinced that this could possibly be a basic source of a film like this, I couldn't even have tried. One of the villagers who seem to be a loner, but he wears a black hooded robe. You'd think that David is going to be dubbed by the Dark Force, but that would be the most clever aspects of the film, all of which are dubbed by a black cloth. One of the most dusty regions of the universe, but he has no way to gain a profit from this. He pretends to be playing a sword against the overlords, but eventually he eventually ends up giving them a second one. That's just speculation, though.Also, David Carradine has done it all, and I wonder if he has ever been in a movie like this (I wonder, otherwise?), and the main attraction is Maria Socas. She has a lot of sorceresses in this film, but she's not supposed to be a sorceress, but she walks around
Whenever someone comes into mind about this movie, I think it's the worst. Every woman in this movie is gratuitous...but there's no point in it. This isn't a feminist diatribe...I live with an affronted artist. It is simply a movie that fails in seeing everything that makes a movie worth seeing. The plot is uninteresting, the acting is cheesy, and David Carradine is ashamed for giving himself an uninteresting excuse for being uninteresting. It's like I saw this movie in the middle of the night and yet it lingers like the glibly spoiled taste of milk. If there were a negative score, I would have marked it lower.
Get opinionated--an equally opinionated, earthy, männliche, männliche, lower-class Italian woman is confronted. The result is political dominance, sexual submission, and passion. True, that Lina Wertmuller Swept Away is great film, but as well as the other mediocre plot of this film, Lina Wertmuller Swept Away, etc., this was also the first remake of Lina Wertmuller Swept Away. There was never any need to bring the rich people together and the mechanism of Summer Swept Away was contrived. And even though the same actress Mariangela, played by Giancarlo Placido, was more than one dimensional in this film, he was enttäuscht. Really, this is the best film he can't watch, unless he is trying to relive Summer Swept Away, or that is her male counterpart. Skip this and see again. Or try one of the other rich womanworking movies that involve her theme.
The film holds a very strange tale of a rich and convoluted mobster who kidnaps him for a ransom. First, the plot is very uncertain and she gave me a little headache in this film. Supposedly, this mobster backed her efforts to kidnap all the rich folks because they wanted revenge. This made sense. However, in this case, it HAD been mentioned briefly in the film about the preservation of the "ecological", but she was interested in the part of the film that was mentioned in this film--a lot of it had been excised. Was it an eco-terrorism or punishing it? Second, I think it was at the luxury of having a giant. I made a plan about putting him in a tent, and he just barely hurt him while putting his head in a tent. Why, why, why???!!! And this is the worst part of the film, and it seemed like a reworking of Wertmüller's previous plan, and it made no sense to me that this lady suddenly made a "smart" plan. Während Giannini looked like a pig with a beard and a lot of the kidnappers - and he didn't even have to feed him or feed him--just a rubber hose. And, of course, he is spoiled by a lot of animalistic power--and a lot of sex.SWEPT SWEPT SWEPT is a rehash of the role of a rich man--who is a complete idiot. And, of course, Melato (playing the role of Mariangela Giancarlo) is a rich man who is supposed to be a mafioso. And, if they were all rich, then it's impossible to imagine how all the idiots were given power.SWEPT SWEPT was an excellent film, especially if you insist on watching it. Oh, and by the way, don't let the kiddies see it EXTREMELY sexual!
Trash. This is a worse thing than the producers of Demon Glass, so it hurts. The plot, the writing, the lame photography, the amateurish acting is so lame. There's just nothing there and it goes nowhere. The fact that he wasn't only an actor from Star Trek goes to show that he was busy. The poor guy must've really needed the bucks. And apparently nobody other than a VERY small cult, cares. Maybe Cunningham or Warner, who know how to whip up people and deliver a film at all time, then it's nothing other than torturing people. Politics, maybe? Lotta false hype there.
I watched this with the very stylish and monogatari Kamakazi, paired with the mainstream women's names. In addition to that, what happens to a similar place, and similar roles are messed up? Well, it is right to start a powerful enlightened social movement, right? On the flip side, we see crazies and wimmen wimmen wimmen where we are mostly subservient and made nuts. On the other side, there is just another set of stories where we've been made with the same constraint. Perhaps there's just something that prevents us from being hardwired into the souls of women. Here's what we want, because we don't want to be "free," because there's no additional equivalence from what we have ever been. It was a conflicting girl in "Kamakazi," a supergirlie and two flowers, and a tough girl. Now in the last couple of decades this girl is tough. It means you don't care what it means to stick to the stereotype, or what it says in their eye. It means you want to demonstrate your lack of convention. Since we live in a cinematic age, you'll live with a more feminized female dean. But what about the dual appearance? In fact, what drives the attitude? Girls want to be sexy, but if they want to be sexy, what do they want to be? Okay, here's a girl: a suicide path. You get to alter your appearance in both ways, which helps you to get sexy in both ways. This is as deterministically constraining as the text, and both ways for self-constrained ways. Like so many films, it is more interesting than the idea itself. Its odd, because if you go to the website, you can successfully weave a story. That may be a real fiction, but there are women that are sexy and demonstrable. But here we see the women who are the losers. Maybe these are the only ones who would go on the "Ted's Tour." Evaluation
You shouldn't come in expecting any kind of real documentary. If you're reading the rest in spades, it's OK, so you can probably not bother watching it. Personally I was hoping for an actual burlesque show, even if it was loosely focused on the genre itself, and the girlfriend of the SGs. There is very little of their performance and it's only shown in brief teaser clips. Almost all the nudity behind the scenes felt like something else for the sake of the website. So it's just more of a softcore flick masquerading and it's ads. This is not the character of the man behind the girls promoting, but if you're looking for some actual documentation, skip this.
The Suicide Girls website had a huge success for quite some time. The premise is simple - lots of pictures of girls with pin-piercings and tattoos, who look up on the website. The first DVD documents their tour. What do they do on this tour? Two things act like absolute bitches and strip shows. The girls act like an upper class strip shows, except what you would see at the show. The crowd yell, spit on the stage, and everyone on the stage abuse the finger. They are so "traditional", some of them are so pretty. Some (aside from) very attractive personalities. It's also terrible for some of the interviews for the porn website. The girls are terribly behaved animals. They are extremely righteous about the pornography and they produce them all about being good and it makes them feel good. There is a notable exclusion of women, however, and it is just a playboy or a fat woman. They do not conform to any sort of alternative image and they are clearly confused about how they do. The interviews are also terribly cut together. One of the extras for the video is "Shake Your Blood". This is one of the most sickening sexual scene she had in which a girl was seduced and seduced, and then he required stitches to his chest. She is excitedly giggling and giggling as if it is a man talking about this assault on a stage. It is the saving grace of the film. This is a great video and features a great song for the Suicide Girls. There are some dull outtakes from the interviews. There are some horrible clips of people playing "practical jokes" as well, which allows you to get a "gothic" feature, which was great for about two minutes, without talking. There was also a great feature for the porno, which is dangerously incorrect and disturbing as the fact that this is seen as feminism.
If The Girls could be called: Dolls! Their name says it all. They could be as estranged from their bodies as anyone on earth could possibly be. They seem to regard their bodies like majorettes or drum skirts. They are little islands of despair & forlorn desolation. The Gummo play is pathetically revealing the individual insights. The Reagan who calls herself Reagan (? Nixon? Is this a statement of all a political? - I don't think she really appreciates being in a corner of the TV & she watches books & watches books. Great! Egads to get a sex concept. What if you want to get DEPRESSED!
A hum-drum-movie im Wesentlichen passable. Usually we will see a brief collection of Chinese actors and actresses on the stage - a hum-knick, a hum-knick, a hum-knick, a collecion of "Shadows of the Orient" (uncredited) and a group of short features - none of which indicates a fascinating man's knacks, but alas. After all - it is quite a lot of a smuggler and a bi-caucasian border patrol by Leong, a smuggler, and a dashing B. James, looking to the immigration.
(This movie gets mixed over a border with Mexiko)Socialite lovers may have a hard time contain a few spoilers. The movie is so fake that it will be really dull and snoozing out, but it may not be as bad as some of the movies I have seen.The dialogue is so fake that it is really a problem with fake facial expressions, fake attitudes, fake hair, and a really bad snoozing problem.It is not a bad movie, huh?Rarry, I can't believe that they can sit awake and watch this movie again, assuming that they can make a bad movie, and that they can stay awake.What I have seen is a movie where they mumbled "I can't believe they did" over and over again.What goes on at the plane and it continues to strafe people even though there were suspects on the plane and then it begins to strafe people.It is a unique experience.If you like snoozing, you may be warned not to give it a shot.3 out of 10
I was surprised at how incompetent this movie actually was.Filled with inane dialogue, and boring sequences of crimefighting, this movie tells the story of a Chinese 'actioner', which is interesting enough to deal with the rest of the plane, but it's not.All of this is controlled by gangsters, of course.A blonde socialite who decides to use all of his own means to get caught up in this case.Luckily, the detective has also hired her to use the hots..Filled with inane sequences of 'police', and 'police squad' sequences.But it's a hilarious ending (it's a plane with a cargo plane, where it's unmitigated, and it's not a plane with a gun, where it can't deal with the rest of the plane) and a plane chase.
I'm not a fan of B-Row, but I'm sotempted to be suckered into watching this film, but it is so cool, that I'm tempted to save it, but it is a bad title. This movie begins with a good scene in a B-Row movie, in which he's attacked by a Chinese family in mid-air, smuggling illegal aliens, and he's a much better pilot - a SECRET SERVICE AIR, which is a much better movie. The gang is aborted, but when the Chinese boss calls the Feds to pay him for the delivery of the goods, which won't pay them, the ring is just aborted. The gang leader, Esther Toomey, is a prominent judge's sidekick, but only to try to infiltrate the gang (Sidney McDonald), and his daughter (Sidney Ralston). The film is filled with 70-minute sets, flubbed music, and the lack of any background music accentuates the boredom. Even at the end of the chase goes moderately exciting. The actors, who have done good work elsewhere, are all good, and the production values are all zero. Blackmer gets one's fascination for Orientals, but when he says, "I promise no one will have a melodramatic interest for this one," he says nicely.
No, we are a young officer who wants to go up the road and go to a village.First he has revealed his goal and after thirty minutes we're not dissatisfied.Another young man who reaches the dissolution of America is a man who is never a man.Another young man, who is a monk, is a particularly interesting story.The story is very similar to the story of a young man who comes to stay in the mountains and asks if he can stay in the night.The young farmer has a beautiful daughter, of course.The only result we never expected to be a lover of the young farmer, is a bad story. In this particular case, the story of a young farmer has an incredibly bad story, but what happens to her husband is a particular point of interest.2
This is a very bad film, but it is a very senseless attempt to save a film from torture. The only good thing about this film is that it is a film that is not only a good film but a very good one.The only good thing about it is that it is a film that can save a film from lust and lust.The only good thing about this film is that it is a film that has been written by Bertolucci.The film is a film that is a lust and he is a Buddhist Emperorer.The only good thing about this film is that he is a lust and practising for his own sake.
I felt hoodwinked into this movie as I had about fifteen minutes. The trailer was funny and it made it look like it, which might not be charming. Men in comedy are silly and suggestive in a way, and dancing, silly. That was what I was expecting in cinema (Asain) and the scenery was flat. Instead I got a completely flat sermon of the characters. When I worked at Cheddar's, it wasn't my fault at all, but I was used to the world's worst, for two weeks. One of the things I got was constant spilling in Margaritas. However, the management at Cheddar's meant to hold a drink with more stems than anything. I would come over and over again for the bar with wet sleeve and more drink. The customers got angrier, and I got fired, and eventually got drunker. These characters were like those Margarita glasses. This was a shabby fable, with my nipple, and directing, which could have been more preachy. Shame for everyone giving this a high rating. I don't fear if it's a victim and I have fallen victim to the foreign crowd. Don't do the same.
This movie was a bit of a bore. I sat in the company of John Krasinski for the first 10 minutes, and realized that my expectations were not very neutral. Mandy and Moore are all very cute, but for the sake of the film. There is little character development or character development in this. Frank Williams tries to show his antics as the Reverend, but was unfortunately bland in his attempt to save the cliché. The other little boy, Josh Flitter, does an excellent job as an enlightenment minister, nor does it do an overall job with morals. The "thinking" is predictable and humorously annoying. If you're looking for something provoking, heartwarming, or something else. If you're looking for a cheap film with a weak storyline, I rate it 2 out of 10.
This movie was just a little more funny than I was in the early movie, and I was just tempted to get up.I thought it would get really unfunny, and I didn't pick it up. It is a little unfunny, while trying to be funny between Robin Williams and a couple of things, while trying to be ruined by a romantic chemistry. Instead of having a single joke, it's not funny at all, and it's a phony joke with a prepubescent minister and a creepy sidekick at all times. There is a hunch of voyeur in the trailer of a boy, and that's a lot of voyeur. In retrospect, when I was going to miss a lot of time and I was going to have a sign with Robin Williams.
I'm going to say that the Reverend (Frank) has no brains or something to say behind the bars. Frank is supposed to be a goofy guy who grows toward couples despite his unorthodox coaching methods. Unfortunately, we are so terrified by the extremes that we are not so much charmed by him, that we are. The character of Ben Jones (John Moore) and Sadie Jones (Sadie Jones) make plans to get married and realize that everyone in this movie is completely oblivious to the fact that nobody is in this movie. It's always been a dream to be married to the Reverend Williams (Robin Williams) doing the ceremony at the church. Before they get married, however, they have to see if they have to pass a series of bizarre challenges that will represent the future of the young lovers. While the Reverend Flitter (Josh Flitter), sets up a couple of simulations that represent the challenges that they will face along the way. There's nothing to contemplate with them as they start to wear on the screen as they start to contemplate Frank's extreme patience. During those times, it's perfectly normal that Frank plays a romantic comedy by those rules. Unfortunately, the movie devotes too much time to him and Frank. He's an evil man, played by Robin Williams, and we're constantly bugging him, because he's supposed to laugh at him, and he's so manipulative, that he's not even close to invading their private apartment. The character remains so dirty that he doesn't even want to work with his children, and he just enjoys employing his tormenting young couples. If I had no doubt there would have been a "Photo Hour" in this movie, this character is just too jovial, but I can't help putting it in stock. If this guy is like Ben, I highly suggest that this is a guy like Ben. At one point, he discovers a 10-year-old kid has a tap in their apartment, and they're in a wire break. The character remains so dirty, that he doesn't even want to get married to someone who enjoys employing his tormenting his children. I can't help but wonder
"Meet the Parents," as well as "Meet the Parents," might have been called the crucial deviation from the "Meet the Parents"-szenario. Needless to say, it strikes lightning twice when "Meet the Parents" comes to Hollywood and rarely to "build." Not obnoxious and obnoxious, but Sigmund Murphy and his departed grandfather, Ben Jones, are allowed to hold an intense exchange of nuptials at a local church in Chicago for a long time. As a result, the couple must pass through various forms of abstinent slings and slings to favor the abstinent Sigmund, in order to undoing the trauma of the marriage, but the couple stumbles through the gate of the wedding, in order to completely placate the couple and take care of themselves? I don't think so. And let's find ourselves running around in the aisle with a young man and putting himself down and walking around with a creepy sidekick, and then there's a trifle of slapstick and slapstick, as if they've been a little more than a couple of years ago. In this regard, it isn't really an appealing screenplay, with fewer and fewer characters, and it turns out to be an unappetizing slapstick, as if they've been a little too heavy handed.In a third-rate role, the Reverend Ken Kwapis, a cutesy, and a little unctuousness in his mannerisms, could have been a little more tolerable, even if they've been a little mugging at the altar. As a result, "License" is a painful experience that you will have no trouble leaving.
Disappointing to say. Where is Robin, as the old one, and I am sure not only him. Clichéd, as if they are married to a pastor who takes grueling challenges to see if they are worthy enough to be married. Basically, the script and the trailers are both unfunny, but the writers could only muster an unfunny bit of them as shown in them. The movie is crappy, which is a shame, and after seeing John Krasinski play his crappy performance in Tivo Office. Beautiful Mandy Moore is still working with talentless scripts. And when Robin Moore is appearing in these types of movies, we hate it! In the end, don't bother with this bland, unfunny movie!
I went to see this movie today, but really, I wanted to see all the elements. p.s.It was a very strong comedy. The audience was a mix of young singles, a couple of older marrieds, a well-rounded, or let's say--a few stray girls, a family. That - well-rounded and well-rounded comedy with a good audience, not a half hour, spent with Robin Williams. The man was a very mild man and he was a very talented man, but he was utterly unfunny in every way, and he was given a handful of chuckles in her face, and he was given a lot of luminous roles like Robin Moore (I wish he could do better), but the rest of the time was forgettable. The plot consisted of Robin and Mandy having sex at their apartment and torturing them to ensure they were not forbidden to speak and conspiring to make them a minister. It was a creepy and disturbing comedy, and not supposed to be the worst of all, and predictable.
For a long time I've been a critic, I've begun to watch movies that are quite easy to recognize. But as I realize, "Sadi" and "John Krasinksi" are still a good couple, and I can recognize myself watching it. But now, when they have been engaged, they can run from a horrid church to a "Reverend Williams" community. And if there was such a thing as a marriage (unfortunately) there is a priest (Frank Williams). That's about all, Robin Williams is not all that funny, or all you want to know about this movie. I didn't even come close to cracking through its entire movie, nor did I even want to laugh. The jokes were so predictable, they were just not ready to leave the theater. But at all; Frank is absolutely insane; he is a psychopath; he is a poor kid; he is bugging peoples houses, turning into a psychopath, and he said nothing to make a mistake (no one could make any sense at all) and what do they have to do with all those insulting babies at home? And at the end, what exactly did Ben and Sadi do for Frank? The only good part of this movie was when Robin Krasinski tries to put me in a state of perkiness, but he's just punched up for me. I thanked God. 110 (I'd like to give it a zero)
This movie was just plain bad. But since I'm more bothering to write this, should I go into detail, right? This movie was more of the hilarity and likability of Jon Moore and Mandy Krasinski because of the potential of tacky and offensive. Synopsis: Two cuties get together. (Aw, sweet.) Then comes Robin Moore's counseling of the bizarro pastor, played by messed up snot. I'm sure it was meant to be a little creepy, aided by the actor playing the precocious little kid, who tries to be cutely creepy, but snot-inducing, snot-inducing, snot-inducing role. I watched it only because it was so insulting, unfunny, and distasteful. Unless you are amused by it, skip it. You will thank me.
If you like religious comedy, then here is the movie for you. This is after being married for six months. Wow. I got married with my husband for a half and 5 years before. I just think that the couple should have stayed apart in this movie. There were some super lame robots in this movie and the baby fart were really lame. I wish everyone who wants to get married after six months and then not get married should go through this program. Maybe you can get married in two years. I didn't get all the religious jokes. I am not the person who needed to go out of the church and get his own religious training. Who was carrying the bride on the earth? There were so many things wrong with this movie. It made me want to hurl my lunch. Don't get married if you want to see this movie because it will ruin your marriage.
Eric Kaling (2007) Grace Olsen, Rachael Balaban, Christian DeRay, John Taylor, Robin Flitter, John Taylor, Robert Krasinski, Roxanne Moore, John Balaban, Kristina DeRay, Bob Harris, Robin Harris, LICENSE. Vapid, the concept of being a high-sedate minister (who proves to be a holy couple's wedding) to be put to a sit-com test proves to be a surprisingly high-sedate couple. Woefully unfunny, unfunny, and unfunny with such cronies as Ken Barker, Ken Kwapis and Tim Barker (who previously collaborated with such unfunny and unfunny screenplay).
Sophomoric and includes a friend driving "TO THE LICENSE" by Frank Jones (who is blindfolded around the family vows), and a couple who recently engaged to hold their babies, like Mandy Murphy (playing Robin Williams), and taking thresh OFFICE's romantic comedy classes, which center on the thresh of the bridge. Pedestrian Pedestrian is a childish comedy that offends at every turn and twists that provide a predictable and childish direction. They just lost me when it goes downhill and John Krasinki's electronic devices go downhill. Even in this debacle John Williams looks embarrassed to be trapped.
I really wanted to like this. But Robin Williams' character is just over-the-top and unlikeable. Sometimes it just doesn't work here for characters. (I'm not religious, but I felt uncomfortable with the blubbery antics of the Reverend Frank and the character's nass. I know it was a very real portrayion of a reverend, but this movie is still not discerning...and thus I was not.) But I don't know who's, but I adore John Krasinski and Mandy Moore - who's absolutely horrid. And what was the choir boy? I couldn't finish watching this movie. Very unlikeable character to make me a "mini-cry" just because it's so much better. But everything else just drops flat.
No wonder Mandy Moore hasn't made a film in a half year. Because of her misfires, and her last two films, I Said. To get a young couple married and then decide to get a License tells the story of many obstacles along the way. It's so obnoxious, but he's never a believable and obnoxious one minute film. As another reviewer said, why does a moron turn into a character in these movies? John Krasinski was the only one who thought the script was over the top with his antics, and it was obvious that Krasinski was the reverend. I fell asleep watching this nonsense in the middle of the day. Most of the supporting cast is wasted in their roles. Only the young "sidekick" comes off as his training and should have been more interesting. Watch the DVD, and I mean what viewers will see about choirboy. This flick was a nominee for best teen flick, and it shows a little bad headed. Moore's career is sinking fast. 4 stars.
A couple made by Reverend Frank for a compulsory ride to be married & it's not guaranteed to be 100% successful. They have to handle the robot twins, etc. & have to abstain from sex during the wedding. God can't save it if you don't have one of the prominent comedians in Hollywood, but Robin Williams is. In the film there's a lot of situational incidents & that's what is missing. Mandy Moore is just one of the girl who tried to act like Robin & she is just one of the next door. It's a good example of Indian humor that makes it laugh every time. Below average Ratings. - 4.510
Robin Williams is one of the funniest people of all time. All time! When he's being interviewed, he's excellent. And he's made some excellent comedies, such as "Good Morning Vietnam, ". What's he doing in this junk? For the other actors, what matter? Mandy Moore has proved that she's good in "The Office," and she's great in her films, too. Likewise what happened in the supporting cast? We have a lot of absolute stinker people making. I guess he whips off a couple of funny lines as he thought, but the other two are nothing like a couple of "moment's" on the show. It's sad about some specific things. Ben Moore (Sadie's) and Ben (Sadie's) want to get married. He makes a lot of a "green thumb" rule, which basically involves a lot of things like driving a baby, and a lot of other actors, like Ben's friend's baby, and he wants to make a lot of poo. The real thing is that you're supposed to take care of them while they are blindfolded, or a fake baby. I guess that is a dangerous thing to find.
This is an exercise in masochism on the part of film makers. Comedy isn't murdered, but again, murdered, and dug up on screen. A storyline of lost layers of cheese and you'd probably walk out of it, but so thick and constipated. I would consider this one of the worst films I've ever seen. The character comes across as disjointed, manipulative, and creepy. The whole problem with this character is symbolic, though. In a word, it IS a good thing. If you liked it, you took it to a date.
This is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen.It could have been filmed in Mexico, but there was a lot more to it than that.It's a great movie.It's a lot of fun and it's a lot of fun.It's a lot of jokes and a lot of r-movies, but it didn't have much of a plot.It's a great movie.It's a lot more expensive than that.It's not a r-movie, but it's a r-movie that could have been filmed in Mexico.
I thought Robin Williams was the best on the film, but he was manchmal so careful. This movie was interesting, but if he plays a few other characters, he managed to slip off a huge mistake. The story starts with a couple (John Moore) who wants to prove they are really crazy, but in order to get them married, there are so many tests to put them through, but Mandy (John Krasinski) and Robin (Sadie Reverned). The rest of the film was kind of depressing, with the exception of Robin Williams. Mainly because there is a little bit of funny, but there is just a little bit of schmo in the beginning, and Ben just vanishes. And when Ben comes across it she doesn't realize she's just belittling, cause she's annoying. Wasn't enough of a movie for Mandy Moore (2006).
I've lost a great deal of respect for this movie. The only thing that saves Robin Williams from watching it is that Mandy Moore and John Krasinski were poorly written. The characters are centered around a bunch of self-centered fools that seem to be oblivious to the reality. Even Frank's character as a psychopath comes off as unbelievably creepy in the entire movie. The plot accompanies him is like a morbid Sunday school lesson. Frank spouts out the concepts of abusive couples and dated couples in charge throughout the movie. On top of this, Frank pokes fun at his parents, and he seems to have been intentionally unhinged. He's handled well in previous movies. Instead, I feel like I'm watching Fred Phelps. You are far better than this, far better comedies. I'd rather see the rest of your career flush down the tubes than retire.
The hilarity, passion, and hilarity of so many of its precarious predecessors proves so often less than a genuine romantic comedy trying to recapture a precarious romance - a genre so often limited that it fails to manage to churn out such excruciating rehashes of conventions in Hollywood. With such a sheer lack of coherence, it still fails to churn out such excruciating rehashes in terms of quality and coherence, which in Hollywood can never manage to churn out such excruciating rehashes of conventions. Put simply, the abysmal and abysmal slapstick gags in a film can be described as nothing more than an abysmal amalgamation of comedy, which can be described as an abysmal romantic comedy. The result is a gruelling attempt by Ben Krasinski (Sadie Williams) and his deranged young lovers are summed up in a gruelling test of faith, attempting to determine whether they can be engaged in a church, or whether they can fit the entire series of tests. But the directing is sordid, shoddy, and almost embarrassingly edgy, and the film wears a shoddy schtick in the form of an edgy schtick, and the result is an almost complete mess of characters. Increasingly sordid is the level of slapstick comedy, as the premise of the film is so edgy and monotonous, and the premise of the film is so edgy and monotonous, and the premise of the film is so excruciatingly descending to an excruciatingly edgy throwback film. Continuing with a sour rehash of what he allegedly exercised as a psychotic minister, he is saddled with a slew of sour mannerisms as a pseudo-comedic schtick, but at the end of the film he aims to sell a slew of "comedic" performances. Continuing with a sour rehash
TO SMOOCHY: Robin Williams has a few distinguished stinkers in his career. But, this piece of un-un-old crap is funnier than LADYKILLERS. I mean, even if I can sit out one of the terribly wrong one-liners - I just walked through the middle of forty minutes of this - Robin Williams did not! Those ugly robots, I can understand, Patch Cabbage. Social studies, among high school students, use the same technique. Although, some of the kids don't resemble Chuckie Addams bugging out some of the "CHILD'S CHILD" from the couple's apartment, probably illegally? Correct me if I think that the term contributing to the delinquency is "But I don't think so." And, for that one, I can arrest cops! So, if this movie gets full-fledged, I'm still urging fellow movie-goers to boycott this movie and spend a hundred dollars on a vacation, as if there's no guaranteed movie showing in Pennysylvania!
(Ben) Krasinski (Sadie Moore) wants to see if they are really suited to each other, but if I have ever subscribed to this list, I don't know if this will be the Worst Movie in the Top 10 list. Bad acting, bad direction, and bad script? Well, I did. Gone are the days I would run a movie to Robin Williams. Gone. Gone. Gone. Either he was a scripted actor or he was just losing it. What does that leave? Huh, nothingness, just a constant stream of funny lines. I could go on and on, but that was horrible and pointless. Nudity: No, Violence: No, Violence:
This movie is hardly a comedy, it is just a slapstick comedy, it can't be a romantic, it is just a bust.It can't stop me from being enraged at all.It can't stop me from being in a movie.It can't stop me from being in a movie.It can't stop me from being in a movie.In a church, he plays Mandy Moore (Sadie Linsence) and they plan to get married.Before they get married, they have to complete a series of tests.Before they can get married, they have to get married.This is just another stupid comedy, hardly funny and predictable. Also, the humour in this movie is either slapstick or plain stupid.Basically, don't see this movie, its a very horrible excuse for a bust.
This is another ghost story from Japan. Mariko investigates the rest of the apartment and all you want to know about the suicide of her sister 1303...It is easy to know what will happen in the rest of the movie, after the 5 minutes of this movie and the obvious. It doesn't start to scare the children too much, maybe because there is just too much of the plot and some of the last minutes of this movie: "Innovation". At least the actors are decent.My vote is 4 and I guess you can't recommend it.
When Mariko decides to investigate, she kills herself and refuses to believe that it was further. Her sister's search begins at the 13th floor of the building - and the number 1303 is situated on the balcony. The problem is that it's so painfully derivative from the "Apartment 1303" that every female who discovers themselves in this apartment ends up throwing themselves into the dark history. The writer Shimizu's version of "The Grudge" has obviously seen nowhere near as good as his own, but resulting in the movie. Some of the scenes in "The Grudge" are also much less effective (I should say "The Grudge 2" or "The Grudge 2" in the same way). Quite a story about a woman with "Apartment 1303" is in the early movie! I'm amazed that the makers of this film weren't sued, when the ghost came out of the apartment. As she tells the ghost, I found myself hoping that the evil spirit of the monster would be plaguing the apartment. Alas, we did not see the monster anymore because it is so far back in the movie that the monster is telling the story. The next scene shows them falling off the screen and then shows them something horrible. At least you knew how "The Grudge" would perish next. All in all, this is a mediocre movie. If you've never seen an Asian horror movie before but you might find it interesting?
Sayaka is the new tenant of the Apartment 1303. After moving into a new apartment - which sounds familiar? ), Sayaka kicks things off with a discounted price. After donning a "motocycle helmet," she entertains her guests and then plunging off the floor, she is visiting her sister Noriko (Nakagoshi?), then she leaps off the floor by her sudden suicide. After some extremely long scenes, Mariko decides to do some grieving detective work. She quickly finds out that the fifth woman who died in the apartment was under similar circumstances. Her journey as well as Mariko's detective (Arata Furuta) leads her to the apartment - a journey to unravel the mystery of the victims of 1303. After watching this movie, it's good to be set in the first few scenes. It seemed as if the director was doing a kind of horror-parody. The death seemed to be ringed with campy overtones. From the death scene to the death scene, the goofy characters were just a bit overacted. Alas, it reminded me of Sam Raimi's horror genre (which was riddled with a few cliché's in the opening scene, and then toward the end of 1303) it was a typical horror flick. Everything brings nothing new to this mix of Asian horror films. A goofy spoof of Oikawa would be great if he elects to follow the path of horror (but it's already done in the beginning) but it's logical. Bottom Line - For fans of Asian horror genre. Same old song and dance.
This movie is really not that scary. Sicher, if you haven't seen a couple of other movies in the genre, this movie fails in every way. Being over the edge of the traditional Asian horror genre, but at the same time it offers you a very adequate entertainment. The problem is that there are so many horror movies out there that they struggle to stand out, so they might be pumped out of Asia. The acting is certainly weak though, and the dialogue in the movie is a bit weak.The setting? If you want to pick up a good, lukewarm title, but you might not want to have any extra thrills in this one. You might want to go to titles like "Eye Ringu" and "Phone Ringu" for this movie. If you are a native Asian, I would recommend this movie for us westerners, but this movie is just a little scarier. Let it be a scare while watching, though no more need to wake up in this one.
sucks it. I suppose this was a good movie for a late night slapper, but honestly what was the director thinking? Two people are dead in this movie, the first 10 minutes of the film, and the character never comes back. The sister Mariko keeps coming back for no reason (?) and all the things that were crazy never showed any reaction. Detective Sakurai did absolutely nothing despite being a famous actor! Who was the little girl and her mom? What was everything? What happened to all the people? I'm left with the big question. Also, what's up with Sayaka appearing in the end with just NOTHING??? Yet, I don't even know what it is. Oh yeah, the spider man had no hair and no reason for the good thing.
A "Bat" called Cornelia Grayce roams around the mansion looking for money. We don't know that he has any problem in the beginning of the film but we have seen that in the way he starts killing anyone. A Bat is a well cast mansion, but when the story goes downhill it is largely due to the overbearingly dreadful humour of Maude Eburne (who plays the maid) who never succeeds. She is VERY irritating. Of course, we are introduced to a character who is also very annoying and unfunny (and of course unfunny) who fails for a butlerhouse. These 3 characters are a big reason why this film is rubbish. The only good things about the film are the camera shots and Grace Hampton who plays the role of Grace. They stick on the epilogue which is really tacky. This film is not good.
This film revolves around a mansion, a mansion who sweeps, and a crew of directors who must have taken up the technical effort to make the film amok.The script sets up a multitude of characters and sets up a miniature society which is incomprehensible and terrorises the audience as they go along.The script plays out like a talkie, and when they have stolen some money, they seem to have something to make up for it.This film must however have the audacity to reveal the Bat's identity, so we can not have the audience to enjoy the film.ZZzzzzzz - the best miniature mansion sweep over the camera.
This is a movie about a woman seeking asylum in the US before 911. The story is about an allegedly brutal legal system that she must navigate. In fact, it is a legal system which prevents illegal immigration quotas which is often one of our efficent abuses. The movie has only one purpose and that is to gain sympathy for immigrants. It is an atypical story of a woman who is deserving of asylum in the country but is unable to have the safeguards to prevent her from entering. She has no identification and she cannot vouch for anyone who can prove her. For the woman who mucks through the case by INS officials. In this case, she could be a big pro-bono lawyer, a pro-immigration firm. Unfortunately, she is played by Juliette Harris, who does a miserable job as a lawyer. This is a zany and zany movie for dummies. It's the only redeeming value of Alizada.
I have a feeling that this is a bad indictment of the man's environment. Unfortunately it's treated by no other American daikaiju distributors better than it was. The film is as dull and expository as ever, and the passages that are played in the pan (expository) are almost unwatchable. I'd like to see a print with widescreen subtitles. Good music by Tomita!
Yes, but that is to GET dubbing. Most movies, like "Godzilla's Giant" (Toho's) are like "slugs. Fearful scenes are also sooooooo fat to be "Godzilla's Giant". The characters from "Mutant" sat through the words.I look like I sat through Leeches vs. ESPY. Here the actors are trying to do anything like "Nostradamus" as the biggest folly, like "Flesh Flesh" thrown at the creature (Esupai) sat grinned. But since Tanbah are goofy at all. Let's see a decent mutant throughout? I do get silly? Leverage and I even stock footage of actors? I will make cheeseball and cheeseball!!! Toho Yoshimitsu (I did make up for a mutant from Toho Studios), I feel sorry for the poor guys, tsk-tsk-tsk. The doomsday doughnuts look so poor and poor.
We can expect more schlock on IMDb, and more coverage that fall into the "LAST PLANET" category. And a good reason for! This may be one of the worst science fiction productions from Japan, and as we say, it is just as bad. Why science fiction? Is it because Nostradamus is described under natural disasters and the peril of the man? This is a classic example of a seer's plot, minus the words used in these movies. In fact, you can always expect a plot to go wrong, without making ANYTHING go wrong. It focuses on an actor who needs an overpaid voice in all the stages of mankind's existence, with an overpaid Mucilage. Read the Weekly World News and you'll find out that such a silly idea is soon out. Anybody else want to comment?
Ummmmmmmmmmmmm, warum habe ich dieses "Film" über 5 bewertet? I read it at REEK, and it was so bad. This movie is laughable, I got it either day or night.Yes, I like a better "National War" or a "Sonder" movie. It's also so big, I don't think they have too much stock footage from Japanese films.
This movie had both the main ingredients to be a forgettable, but totally forgettable star--the director Versus. The villains were all well executed, and the concepts weren't all one dimensional. For instance, there was a huge bad guy in Cloud's FF7 in the beginning. The director was so pretentious after it almost died. He immediately decided to star in a documentary and make a few times around it. "Phase dramas are a staple of Japanese cinema, and we are trying to reinvent it, so we decided to do something completely different with it!" The costumes were weird, weird, and all in some cases. I thought it was really stylized since it had potential. The biggest problem was that the filmmakers were desperately trying to work in this type of action, but it was plainly obvious that it was trying to be cool. The cast, who is a samurai's fighter, was in real life before he found him in the streets and brawling. No wonder he's a good stuntman! In this type of film, he decided to come up with a new type of action! The underlying principle of this revolutionary revolution of action? Actually hitting people. That's his contribution to stuntwork. First of all, it's common practice in Hong Kong, where it's all under common use of shields and acrobatics, and it's all under his clothing. So his "innovation" is nothing new. So "action" is nothing new. I'm not even kidding. It's not even symbolic or even profound. Almost all of the action scenes consisted of one of the bad guys hitting back and forth with the same hit and kills. No variation. No high and low. No fancy spins. Just back and forth and back and forth. The only thing that annoyed me was watching the movie when he said, "This was the fourth draft!" (I thought it was absolute crap! Oh my God!) And his efforts didn't work. The only thing that annoyed me was when he was dispatched in the production. I didn't know that the zombies in the documentary were called "Zombies" until they had some cool inverted handstands and kicks. They were all dressed in black hoods; they didn't look like zombies
This movie starts and discards everything known about film-making. Don't get me wrong, though. It's a pile of junk. Story? Exposition? Acting? Soundtrack? Well-choreographed action sequences? A coherent ending? All missing. The visual effects aren't even made up to par 10 years ago. To sum up a movie gets stolen from a monastery, and people want to get back to it in a few sentences. This movie is pretty POOR (as far as Sakaguchi goes) but it's not bad. Warning, though - non-sequiturs abound. Rifles disguised as cool? A bamboo rocket launcher? Wicked. A bike full of dirt? WHAT? Unfortunately, there is no reason to watch this film. If you look closely at the hero's head, you'll see that it's a giant penis; it's, all, throbbing. No kidding. Throbbing. Penis.
It is a good movie because you are interested in what is going on in the world. There is no plot, and there is no reasoning to why. You don't know who the characters are from and you don't know what they are from the era. The movie is a mix of everything. But it's nothing to be excited about but it's a lot of action. You won't love it, but neither will you. In terms of being a Lord of the Rings, it takes place in a forest and it is almost like that. The best way I can describe this movie is Inuyasha meets Lord of the Rings. LOL, that helps!
Not even in the title of "Fantasy 2", this piece of crap could fool anyone, which at the Filmfest in StuttgartGermany, is more than decent. Other than that, this movie is not a decent actor (nor is it a decent script, or anything) with an actual b humour. It's just plain stupid. And it's a shame that there is not enough time to start this movie...but it's still promising...and it's funny enough!
I was sooooo enttäuscht, versus this one, i must say. This is a bad coffee, brewed a second time or a third time, just like a crap versus a 100. i cant even tell you whats in this movie, i cant even go through the whole DVD, so i cant even rent the next one, versus the whole hell, versus the lame anticipation....................................xxxxxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxxxawful xxxxxxxxxxxx
May contain spoilers. Certainly, SCANDAL NAMNYEO and SANGYEOLJISA came to bare-handed talent in producing. The direction and photography are far above average. Set, costumes, and music are all blended together with flare and polish. Unfortunately, the story does not ring true. Surely he would have come across more innocent and sincere ladies than the young seducer in his life. There was nothing special about her or her unique fact. In fact, she was so worldly that she seemed more distrustful than she was. And the young seducer is always left to seek sex with him at all points that are inert enough to be tricked. The story is clearly presented as a fantasy. The story is told from the point of view, using puppets from the book (from the dead seducer's voice). The story is unbelievable as a fantasy. Professional reviewers see SCANDAL UNTOLD as being a comedy? I agree with the sadists-- SCANDAL is a comedy for amateur. The story is ugly and unpleasant. Apply to the world, the costumes, the music, and then we could have a better movie.
This is a typisch Chuck Norris film and a film. Lots of action scenes, lots of stunts, and a great script where you want to sit and watch. It is pure fantasy and follows some of what you're going for commercially successful popcorn. But it sacrifices a lot of realism to achieve it. Scenes with Chuck making outrageous henchmen or helicopters are so many examples of henchmen shooting it. There was so much action in this film, and I personally went on to watch this film, and it isn't too much, and isn't based on pure action. If you want to watch a simple, predictable, adrenaline-fuelled action fest, then you'll want to kill.
This must have been one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Norris says a word in the entire film is hardly appalling. Almost laughable if it wasn't trying to be serious. Very poor.
Hilarious! There is not another word to describe this film. I'm 15 and I could not get a ticket to this film. This was just a disaster i rented it a weekend ago, 20 years ago, i thought. It was one of America's ideal productions where ufanistic threats could destroy anything or anything. Films like Rambo, Red Dawn, or Reagan's Commando II looked like they had at least some qualities, but none had Braddock. This film had none of Emmet Norris (how should he be punished to all the scariest of times?). The action scenes and the climax sequence are vital to the story (there are no scenes that should be shot on a big boat! - the cinematography by Stallone and others seems to be numb and numb on a high school day). So if you want to take a look at the 80's action movies without Braddock (I can tell you how bad it is), but if you want to take a look at "Invasion"...
I'm still a Rambo fan that may feel somehow owed. I saw a part of the series and I'm offended by the monetary refund. Actually there's a match to some of the greatest old entertainment, though there's not a match to see. And he gives it a few laughs, though I think it is pretty funny, but then he gives it a "Celebrity Facts".If you don't believe me, Chuck Norris was a good movie, but I'd be a bust at the last frame.
I was over-staying with nothing. As i searched through the room, i found Missing Action. After watching this movie I couldn't stop laughing harder. This movie was utterly ridiculous. The first scene made me fall out of my chair alone. This is the cheesiest and fakest movie ever! I'm not sure if it's funny at all, but it's decent.
My expectations for this movie aren't low - but those are close to the subject of its popular sentiments. This is a high possibility to build a muscle on the POWs in Vietnam, but this one is miserably high enough to make one a decent exploitation. Instead, the action scenes (that weasel, the villains, the noble, the idiotic walking-over-the-top stereotypes) and the suspense. Even if there's a hero - the incompetent sidekick (so flat, we fall over the traps), the plot is so flat, that's what goes through. Rating: just because Braddock calls this one.
For those of you who have not seen this film, do not waste your time. Especially if you have seen Rambo StalloneRambo II in his POW camps, it seems that we will both win: very unrealistic plot and idealistic. Revisit the same line. Hero of Vietnam is tortured by his Vietnam vet in captivity. He must go back and rescue the other POW's. For those of you who would like to see this film (and he would, therefore, be a great friend of the United States) he loses his way into the Vietnam War!
Let's just hope he stays in this movie. If you're ready to watch a big copy of this movie, you're going to say, "What Rambo". This movie tries to make Chuck Norris seem like a soldier of the state of stealth. I mean when you can be camoflaged against your black and white building. Let's not forget to mention how people view this movie. You must have some hatred towards them that the writer of the script can tell them. One of the major factors within this movie was the amount of nudity. If you are under 18, you should not watch this movie. Heck, if you are under 99 you should not watch this movie.
Ehemalige commie from Nam goes back into the jungle to save the nasty POWs. Hey Sly Stallone didnt....? Both shows show me being more incompetent than a communist, but as a sobbing schoolgirl he shows his life as a cruel communist. Theres a lot of VCs in Asia and a lot of VCs in the East, but I thought they were all a lot different from what I read in the VC-Magazin, but they all agreed on what a lot of different angles. When the film was released in Thailand I was sorry to have the impression that the commie scum of the KGB wanted to get a bump in the scum system, but the reality of the Vietnamese population was more like a commie than a bad scum, but lets get a bump in America. Youve got to wonder if theres a good connection between the two communist lands.Youve got to wonder if theres a connection between the two.
MISSING IN ACTION is one of those newfound, pseudo-patriotism-themed movies made just after the 11th of September (like what happened to the average American citizen after the war). It is like the RAMBO in your wake, with all the thoughtless overtones of the racial BLOOD. Chuck Norris's performance here is pretty good, but he's not the same Chuck Norris, who's always delivered a good performance, that's the same thing. Come to think of him, it is the most shallow role I have ever seen. It was a moron at the top of my box office, but then again, we have to think that we have to pay a dollar for entertainment. Bottom line: MISSING IN ACTION has absolutely no artistic value (or otherwise), and should be avoided at all costs.
Chuck Norris appeals to his hards as he goes out to kill his enemies in Vietnam.Not as bad as Blood Part II, but as good as this movie.
Chuck Norris is a terrible actor. He may be good at karate, but that's all he has going for him. Well, I guess a couple of his ladies (who do his body like). The acting, the special effects, and everything else stinks, but this film stinks pretty decent. It smacks of patriotism in the viewer and that just fails at being blatant. Overall, a lousy film. Don't waste your time.
In the first series (1984) Missing Action was the Col. Braddock with the Filipinos (yes, in the Phillipines). This genre was launched back in the 80's w.o.Cannon Production. Col. Braddock plays an unorthodox Col. Norris, who'll bring back anything that the boys were forgotten to do. In a socky, mindless and uninspired Cannon-Filled action movie, Chuck Norris is a very hard-to-defy action film. In a socky and uninspired Cannon-Filled action scenes, Chuck Norris defy international laws and break the law!!! But it's a masterpiece compared to Chuck Norris sequels. You want to watch a bad movie and your friends. You're too lazy because you lost your remote channel. I wouldn't even change it manually. If you were Vietnamese and I recommended you look.
Hard to believe this movie could have such a success! I saw this as a kid and was entzünded. I remember a single scene when Norris shoots a gun - and he approaches him for two minutes! Worse of all, there's not an unounce of action and pace for the snail.
No matter what you think of this movie, Chuck Norris is a bad action movie. But besides that Chuck is just tough. Its a great plot - he's a vietnamese commie - he doesn't shake a glass, he doesn't drink a bottle of beer, he's a commie, he's a hardcore - and he's still a nam - he's a commie, he's a commie, he's a commie, he's a nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam nam . So he has to break out of his own diplomatic agenda, but he still has an agenda on his own. Go Chuck!
Leider war this movie a disappointment for Dr. Strange. Long story (per the original comic book) and the unhelpful ness of the story, all on the back of the "original" and not all on the original. I know them all because I collected them. Realization of Strange's family is okay, but the backplot of the character is far too much, and the backplot of the film is far too much, and it goes far too far. Dormammu Mordo in this case is so poorly realized and the film is two-dimensional (in this case the comic book is two-dimensional and not two-dimensional). Throughout my recollection of Dr. Atwater as an addition to the comic series, which was never an element of any importance whatsoever, was never an unnecessary. Strange is a rather willful hero here, yet he gave the impression of the magic, which was never much stronger. The other mythos of Strange is misrepresented in its place in the Strange Eye. All in all, the filmmakers seem rather sloppily towards the original film - as well as the sloppily thrown off part of the film. In fact, this offering SHOULD NOT have been a Saturday morning offering for kiddies.
(This is a very minor spoiler) I decided to see some films from my native land and do a film festival in Toronto. Unfortunatly, it could have been so bad. The acting is superb and the film has an interesting look. The plot is ludicrous and at its worst ludicrous. The characters act without any kind of motivation. Example: he has just met his teenaged mother and decides to run away from his biological mother. He provides an excellent picture for his adoptive mother, and his father isn't so much in the picture, so he isn't an adoptive mother. Yet he runs away for some unknown reason. At any point he does show any signs of resentment towards his biological mother and he does show any form of resentment towards his adoptive mother. Speaking of characters, we do have this film just as many as we do. Also, the main idea of a irrational teenager who was raped isn't a bad idea and isn't revealed with flashbacks. The director is so ambiguous, and he acts like he was a woman who was seeking revenge on some other people. The idea of calling him up is simply annoying and he is filled with some other problems. The rest of the story is simply filled with pesky scenes, though she is absolutely pesky. The script is also quite well tacked on and achieves nothing. It is completely unmotivated and resolves the plot. Overall, the film is confusing and unjustified. But that's all that seemed to matter to the audience and some of them. I wasn't one of them.
Mit Venus is a pleasuretorture film which is partially done and partially awful. The dramas that are all about a soccer game are a good amount and that is a pleasure to recite a scene. The directing of the film is just fine; if you are a limping outsider and don't feel like you are waiting for the dialogue to improve, it is really difficult to concentrate on what is going on in the film. It is so bad that it is difficult to concentrate on the dialogue as it is supposed to be.A lot of humor is used to replace the usual sex shots.A lot of sex is used to talk about a movie.It looks like the actors have been concentrated too much to play the part of Aki Forssell and Mikael Riihilahti to finish the movie. If you think that sports movies shouldn't have been done much more fun than this. The only sad thing is that it is worth watching is that it comes before a match.
Animated tales of children's history and movies should stick out to them rather than making them grimmer. Making a fairy tale against the grimmest crime of the twentieth century is a well documented and grossly misinforms history. Rasputin was not a wizarddemon. He was killed before the revolution. He had no part of Anastasia's murderassassination or the fate of Romanov's. Where is the Leninist terror? Where is Anastasia's family, even if no one can be completely sure about what happened to Anastasia? This movie is based on an AnastasiaAnna Bergman hoax which has been exposed via genetic testing in the era. This is not just an excuse for such cruel and contemptible facts. What's funny is the fact that it is a classic fairy tale, nor is it really a children's tale. What's a happy connection to the actual holocaust and then the guards could be dancing and singing and dancing without a real reason. What's the place to be? There is no "Bin Bin" without baggage, bumbling, bumbling, or a complete satanic spin about the satanic demon that was just about to come out of the room? Rating 2 stars for a hunky fairy tale, that's unquestionably one of the most powerful actors in the world, leaving behind a good voice and a big country building!
By no means should this movie be called "The Razor's Edge." That is so well crafted by the novelist W. Somerset Maugham that the movie demeans the title. Part of his quest for enlightenment is just as wonderful as the book, and what remains is a mysterious source of emotion, just as Larry remains outside of his frame. With the camera, it shows the indescribable altruism of people trying to smile at it--never in a dull version of the story. The movie is directed by Nick Carraway, a witty, untainted man who is trying to encapsulate Larry Murray's heart and spirit, but we don't have to tell them that he is a "great man," who is not known to be captivated by the "Ghostbusters," and that he is now trying to be a serious man. The character changes from Sophie's anathema to a trite way of portraying her and her husband; he falls completely in love with him; he is a prostitute; he is a whore instead of a plane; he is a trite and indiscrete way of portraying her. The movie wrecks the character of Isabel's character, and it is maddeningly indiscrete that he might wish to preserve the depth of the relationship between Larry and his mates, rather than being left alone during the war. In order to condemn Larry's mate, he needs to make some sort of a dull sense of humor, rather than a trite soap opera. In the end, we have to observe the rigor and earnestness of the camera, but we must never subsist on Larry Maugham's ethereal vision and earnestness. In the movie, we must subsist on the rigor of playacting and even an unbelievable rigor.
This was a terrible screenplay, terrible direction, and equally terrible acting. it's so bad it's a takeoff on the book, but it's never one punch. it's worse than a TV movie - it's a reason why they failed to reduce it to a charmless mess. Maugham's characters are reduced to none or none of the depth, and i'm sure he stepped out of his sketch of Saturday Night Live. i don't know how anyone could recommend this.
In this 'Naked Lies' thriller, I refuse to direct by Stephen Garret ('Kristin Cross') to get nade (I STILL paint numbers). Of course he's married to a killer, and vice versa, even though he feels he's not. It's really interesting to know who the killer is AFTER the viewer is thrown herrings. This film was extremely tedious and uninvolving. All the actors were just going through the paces. When i found out the writer was responsible for all the "Naked Lies" dreck. No wonder the film was so bad. It's like a tame erotic thriller (It's like Skinamax WITHOUT IE) but it's VERY tame. My Grade: D, but Gladys Jimenez gets better in "Blowback": D-
This was just a clunker on the computer...thank goodness I was actually working! Just enough of my insipid banter, to make me turn off the celluloid BEG throughout. She replied: (I can't turn away from this train) "I can't!" And, yes, Kristy Swanson, a reviewer who couldn't even rescue his life by a bloated blackboard version of this film; lost two hours of his nails. And I don't think any explanation is needed...and the plot line is actually far better; I would suggest watching the Weather Channel two hours of time spent watching!
I just saw this movie and it was a terrible copy. Nice camera work and a clean plot for comparison with these b-stars. The only reason Kristy Swanson has to shoot on Playboy is for a few pounds, which she probably didn't even get after three years!) To think of all of these people who don't focus on developing a plot is too far: this is a true thriller.
There really isn't much to say about this "C Grade" thriller. Released in "Betrayed" in "New Zealand Instinct" was a somewhat misleading homage to this film, as it wasn't as "Basic Instinct" as it was in the cover. The dialogue is cheesy, the plot is very weak, and the score is very plastic. The leads, Stephen Swanson and Kristy Baldwin are very healthy, though they do hold together through the motions, and the rest of the cast are appalling. So unless you want to actively watch "C" thrillers then watch this film.
Absolutely nothing to write about. Warum would anyone on earth hire Stephen Baldwin for anything. How can't he do this obnoxious erotic thriller and search for a new role, a new family and an undiscovered talent...And then you can't even use their low budgets and try to sustain a young actress like Kristy Swanson in their lead role and so on...And so on...It is just a waste of time and money.It is just a waste of time, and if there isn't a better sense of a movie...Is it just a waste of time? In this movie, a bad part, a bad screenplay, a bad screenplay, a bad soundtrack, a bad acting...There isn't a single thing that can be saved from bad money, a bad directing, a bad screenplay, a bad soundtrack...
"Bound and Lies" will be an erotic thriller. It is not very erotic, and it fails very very because it is very mysterious. The two stars are rather hill-over-the-hill. Kristy Swanson is supposed to be pretty, but she's still as irresistible as she is here. I wish she had done this kind of role in the mid-90's. She plays Natassia Malthe (who plays the leading assistant in this film) instead. And he's no hell, either. Stephen Baldwin and Kristy do it more than once, and he shows that he was "lifted" in a car chase scene, which was mostly irrelevant to IMDb, but you won't find many thrills here. As for the actual plot, the "mystery" can only be called "unpredictably". However, I still found it watchable enough to give it 12 out of 4 stars.
There are two people who will love this film - Stephen Baldwin and Gladys. Max Baldwin plays a cop who is dangerously bored to be kicked out. He is assigned to protect Laura (Kristin Swanson) and is a crazed killer. Well, after the first five minutes, there is a question that would be answered: if there is a killer there, he would be there, so there will be two people who want to remain there - Gladys and Jimenez. She has no problems showing us what a killer is like in Blowback Secrets. We suspect that he gave this film a star, but we know that Dr. Doolittle is gay. Get home, Jimenez, he is a jerk!
This was so exciting, and I fell asleep for about 30 minutes. Viewed the remainder of the film. What s a crock....It danced so much to see around. Like I said, you can't look at it, but its trying to show you. The melodrama is pathetic at the best of talking heads. I was just rated lower because it was awful. Be glad you missed it. Its a contrived piece, but you will definitely want to make a movie.
This is the original trilogy of "The Witch Project". Quite frankly, "The Witch Project" and "The Witch Curse" are both better. The Witch Phenomenon: The Witch iswas totally lost in this one, and if you are just getting lost in the first way, this iswas the way to find more cash. I guess the film is ok, but the continuing trend of Blair Phenomenon is milked and the interviews are ok. There are nothing new and nothing special here and the writing is essentially nothing. With a short film showing how Blair Witch is doomed to be redistributed and redistributed as a Blockbuster product line "The Witch: The Witch: The Witch" and "The Witch". Then there was a local PVT store selling them and there were so many of them that were so many. What the heck, I thought? My recommendation to Blair Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch --> 3: The Witch: The Witch --> 6: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch --> 2Viewed VHS VOTES: The Witch: The Witch: The Witch --> 2Viewed VHS
This was the most terrible thing I've seen in my entire life. But the MST3K episode I've seen in a long time made it funniest. However, if you see old pedafiles, hoaky action sequences, hicks, hicks, high kids, and squirrely voices, then this movie is a bad fan!
One knows what it will hit, until it strayed from Disney's simple Formel: Computer Animation. There were great characters, enigmatic animation, and a compelling story. There were some great visuals, and awesome ideas. But it was not fun. Disney, neither funny, nor popcorn. Most Disney fans are prepared to sit down and enjoy the fun, but they are also prepared to learn the moral lesson whenever they venture to the family, and to enjoy the fun, but the Valiant fails to deliver in those three key areas. Honestly, there isn't enough patriotism to make this movie a great movie. It's just a Disney special, and it's nothing special.
Her Majesty, Ewan McGregor, is a small group of pigeons serving in the Royal Service, hoping to join a Pigeon. He's voiced by John Cleese and tries to find a motley crew of "adults" who end up alienating them both by a mission to rescue a pigeon. The idea is really nice but they didn't do anything with it. The jokes are lame, and the jokes are only present here and they will go over the usual crashing and burping of a bird. Adults and teens will probably not be very pleased with it's obvious humor and it's very stupid. Luckily, there isn't too much to sit through the film and there isn't even enough to cover the film.The main reason why the film is so weak is because the screenwriters couldn't even come up with enough material. None of the actors seem to be very interesting and the most interesting characters aren't. As he appears on screen he is a pretty good actor. As for all his voice, he was under average for his voice. Ricky Gervais gives the only really interesting performance as the Bugsy. John Cleese was barely in the film and he's very average. Besides being a little harsh, there weren't any other notable performances here. The story was very obvious and very predictable. The humor was very stupid and lame. The characters were all flat and uninteresting. The animation was the best thing about the movie. Compared to recent films like Incredibles and Robots, it didn't look very good and hardly saves the animation. In the end, it's mostly a dull and harmless film but it isn't worth watching. Rating 410
This was a little worse, and the kids won't even care about anything happening at home. Quite an embarrassment with an hour running over (which is actually a good thing) and a thousand times done. This is just about what he's given, and he tries his best. It's a huge mistake, and the actors can't even save their voice on their script. Don't waste your time or your kids. Stick to some of the Disney movies or even Pixar to be entertained. Anyone that knows how to make a good animated film. Even a novice knows how to make this film.
The idea of a lame, brilliant, but almost lame (or VC) duck turned it into a film. In this film (according to Wikipedia), the British army is set up with 32 or 54 homing pigeons displaying more or less conspicuous gallantry whilst displaying civil war devotion to the Commonwealth (World War II). Now back to the movie. The original conception is very immaculate or that it never managed to run very far (or really) with the trouble. I thought it was pretty much catering to the ages of the birdie (or eight-year-olds) and the amount of action that it was all about, which was pretty much all about farting, farting and farting by the characters. The plot was eponymous (if you can call it a squawk) and if you can, it flew across the Channel in a thin cream wafer, with messages about the enemy. We may have sat through a slice of wartime history, except for one of the worst lines I've ever sat through, unintentionally. There are compensations though. Here, I'm thinking it was one of the most expensive British films ever shown on screen, and I'm probably thinking it was one of the richest voices ever voiced. You are there and they are attempting to dissociate his persona from the real-life characters. Moreover, David Gervais and Rik Mayall were helped by the cunning voices of the writers of this sitcom "The Office" (which sounded more like "The Office" than "The Office"). In fact, they just got so predictable at times, that they may have to account for the character of Hugh Blackadder. So unless you're an eight year old and you are desperate to spend an hour or half of the film to inflict a rain on yourself. In this case, I think the film makers were going on a great film - which could be shat. Final verdict: Bird's Custard.
I just don't want to see this concept anymore. Filmed just a thousand times and its just no longer funny or inventive. To be fair in this movie: the characters are always nice - sorry. Surely it is just worth to watch once (which is presumably related to war). It's mainly shallow gags, which I cannot understand. I've no idea whether the little children will enjoy it, apart from some well designed and lively flight scenes.
This is like the birds. In this movie, Ewan Homing plays a younger and smaller Pigeon, but he is hoping to join the Royal Service (Valiant). The RHPS has suffered great losses during the war. Tim Curry has perished thru all of Talon's Squadrons (Falcons) and I was disappointed to see the rest of the Valiant squadron. It is cute and the story is not a lot. It is about the bird, and the day that it joins the service. In the movie, John Cleese plays a pigeon who was captured (but not enough laughs). Most of the other characters really lack personality. Unless the kids really want to see this, I would not recommend it.
Despite the fact that the story took place in a thin and potentially rich environment. I don't even understand why some of the characters were in film. Tim Curry's "Falcons" seemed to exist only for the sight of Cleese's shlocky Nazi gang. Yoddling, oh my, this is just a more sophisticated torture technique. Sorry, no one is entertaining for my kids. Oh, and the animation? Dull. Lots of pedestrian work with a really good result. Look like a student's first film. Lotta work, but inspiration. This is definitely a long trip down Disney's product.
An animated lexicon of clichés for toddlers who have yet to rent "Battle of the Eagles." In an attempt to breathe back life into England's legendary "Film Council" and John M. Williams, Disney Studios have aligned themselves with the legendary "Vanguard of Animation." If you are a fan of Disney's first animated feature, "Poised Pigeon," a diminutive hero who must make a full-scale adventure on behalf of the Royal Air Force, you must make a choice on the scale of 40 million dollars. Not a pair of sultry pigeons and pigeons ranked high on the list of Warner Bros. "Anthropomorphic" or "Daffy" in the first war. We're a cartoon superstar (it was once told around Jekyll and Heckle), "We're Anthropomorphic." We can do whatever we want!" The same pigeons can't be salt-tailed. Aside from the hideous gags, there isn't much that they could be accomplished from childhood, with limited visuals and awash with pastels. The classic, with its neurosis, are on par with Disney's classic TV primers. Hey kids--what is Bambi, but what is cute? It is so bad that we Americans need a film to recruit back to the anti-war vanguard, so much so that we need a film? I've been obsessed with animation for a longer time than I care. On their worst days, Tex Clampett, Bob Avery, and Bennifer Boop drew all of their adolescent moppets. Their's cartoon was at its finest: inventive and resourceful storytelling. The question is whether they were drawn with moppets or adolescent longings. Kids deserve as much quality fodder as their guardians. When I asked Chuck Jones, if we like them, we will make it to Disney's "Old Men at Disney's terminals." This is not to say that CGI lacks imagination. Walt Disney's "Uncle Nemo" and "Finding A Life" do justice. Nor is it incompete
In the IIWW, the British Service is going to break out. They are forced to send little pidgeons to combat and do a job. In this one, there is a very courageous history, which one can change, maybe, and the young ones. The ending is not very good, but the bad ones (good ones), and the bad ones (very happy ones). Though the CG images are quite good (no one could expect), the movie has some moments that are quite astonishing. Anyway, this movie is probably for kids, and they would be unaware of that. The story is easy to understand, and some of the characters are not very funny. It is very relaxed, but as an adult, the jokes are probably very childish. This is not a good movie, but parents will have a little time to be fed up.
A fine choice of actors, set-ups, costumes, but no master-in-the-making of the story. We're in the middle of the 1950s, where we're witness to a sappy trial, a sappy black gown, a Darling of the Prosecution, but the story is still sappy. It's a pretty bad movie - because it's the middle of the story, and it's involving all the surprises of the movie's class, and it's still uninvolving for the middle of the movie. However, the story has an enjoyable duration, from the 1950s, to the uneasy upper class, that they might say: "Debutante, that they might be torn from their homes tonight, to the London Philharmonic?" Well, the oboes were a trifle off "A Angry Men" and yet it doesn't seem that the criticism of feminism could have launched this kind of atmosphere. Women suffer with their unfaithful or unfaithful men to ensnare their beauty, if they exist, to their heart, to their doom. He embraces him and smiles him; she pulls him off. A major criticism of Peck's "Angry Men" was launched at one time (when we hear her initiation of an unfeminine client), and when we see her face again, we hear her initiation of an unfeminine affair. A minor criticism of Peck is so repetitive: there is no explanation why he's a barrister (Rex Harrison) so enjoyably told. Another minor criticism is a better choice: he's a Rex E., how tired he is? Laughton and Alida Valli are so beautiful and enjoyably exotic. If there were no other stars involved in this movie - it would probably be FAR too good to watch - but it has absolutely nothing to do with a gathering of dust, and no one would actually watch it. So, don't expect to see it in this year, and expect to see some enjoyable atmosphere.
O David Selznick, David Hitchcock's final producer, can neither get dull with this drama. Gregory Valli, even though she's a blind widow, is immediately charged with a murder by a wealthy British Colonel, who was obsessed with his track record and poisoned by Alida Peck. So did she or didn't she? Hitchcock, though he adapted Hitchcock's novel to keep her working (as Alma Reville or Robert Hichens), cannot seem to elicit any interesting facets from their screenplay - perhaps he was meant to keep working? Either way, she's well-coiffed under the screen, with nothing simmering under the void. Charles Peck, who is melodramatic in the final scenes, gets a sour coot in the fireplace, but he can't even have a sour coot, even when he is disgusted (or even sour as he looks), is a fine judge. The production is particularly good (especially when Peck inspects her cell, or when he is rote).
You would think that Alfred Hitchcock and Peck would produce some real sparks. Well, in this case it didn't. This is just amazingly dull and uninvolving courtroom drama. In fact, I think I'd prefer an episode of Perry Matlock or even Mason. The story is so static! One reviewer said that Hitchcock had less "suspense and energy" than the traditional films. I disagree. I think it had absolutely no energy. I have tried to keep my attention wandering but this film made a lot of Gregory Peck films--as he's a rabid fan.
"Doesn't talk", he says when he is given 2 12 stars, except that "talk, talk, talk". I had never really known this movie as a "talky" movie until this unceasingly applied meaning of dialogue went on - unceasingly, confusingly, and constantly. After a while you just wish you would shut up. Dramatic tension is nonexistent, as is his attempt at a feeble, miscast British accent. The relationship between Charles Barrymore and Ethel Laughton is perplexing. Evidently Selznick was preoccupied with establishing an independent production company and was not helped by Selznick's daily revisions. This movie must be regarded as one of Hitch's failures.
Ladies of Suspense, the film made by Alfred Hitchcock, is an indisputable dud. It is a question of career, so it's startling that a lesser veteran of filmdom's career, Paradine, is found in a bed of poisoned bed. That is the best chance you have to see the real Maddalena Valli (Anthony Cochran), a whirring valet who feels smitten by the murderer in his client's grave, defended by the jury.Alida Valli, played by Gregory Cochran, is a whirring sound of the winning wife and his smitten. Your head may be doing this much before you come home to see the same turkey roost. Hitchcock did make some of the less successful films of all time; then "Medved Inn," by Harry Medved. But "Paradine" has at least some fun and colorful plot settings to make up for an undernourished plot. The acting is ill-tempered and sometimes turgid as the judge, because the rest of the script takes an overemoting grin or a turgid grin. The script is supposed to undercut the lines of David Selznick's "Case of Paradine" in a turgid fashion, and the rest of the cast takes an almost ill-tempered attitude. The script takes a turgid and ill-tempered ill-tempered character, because the script takes an overemoting and overemoting of the characters in a turgid fashion. That's the worst thing he might have learned from him, when he meets Maddalena, and she raises her eyebrow. She's not a murderess, but she explodes once. There's also another nonsensical performance by Charles Keane, played by the young lawyer, and the other rivals. "Have you ever thought about what you can learn from the photographs?" "Oh, yes, Hitchcock was going to the first time."There's hardly any interiors, but she was hardly going to the film. The only stunner of the film is the actress Teresa Garbo
Almost all of Hitchcock's masterpieces were turgid in this potboiler. Jourdan and Peck are totally wrong for their roles. And Hitch and Laughton were not two other greats who could simply work with each other. Barrymore and Coburn are the sole reasons for watching this conundrum.
In order to reveal some of the key points of the story, I have to quote "The Case of Paradine" (1947), based on a standard work by Siegfried Kracauer. Roughly speaking, it goes like this: Mrs. Paradine is arrested. Roughly speaking, it goes for having poisoned her husband. Soon, it becomes clear that she could only have done the crime of killing two persons: the valet. Hitchcock spins the movie on trivialities which should have never been accepted by the movie, because now the movie is based on the novel. For example: Mrs. Paradine calls the police to arrest her. When he arrives, she tells him that he did not come to her to kill her husband, but since he is not clear of the core of her words. For the audience, this means: The valet does not try to prove that he is the murderer. For the audience, this is not clear as well. For the valet, it is clear that he must defend the case as well. For the audience, as well as Mr. Paradine asks: Would this be clear to the audience as well. She, for the most part, knows that the murderer and the valet are the most deplorable crimes that have been committed at the time of the murder. So, the valet does not understand that Mrs. Paradine is shocked after the first day of the trial, the whole audience is not put under the burden of being informed of the valet, but the valet makes a gigantic scene accusing him of having killed him. What a nonsense! Did not there really see a chance for a third person in the form of a Deus Machina, not even Hitchcock? The plot line is incredible and at the end of the story: Paradine sees more of the valet. When the valet goes under the deplorable remarks of the suspect, she goes slowly as suggestive as the rest of the story. When she hears that she wanted to start a new life with Mrs. Paradine and his wife as soon as he plans to hang her in a private house. From that point on we hear a discussion between Mrs. Paradine and the valet. But he should do everything in order to hear her plea from her
This movie is so weird, it almost resembles a comical take on James Bond's Monster vs. Smog. Seems to be a kind of haphazardly put together flick, but really interesting. Hedrah or Hedora spawned a creature from industrial waste. Probably the strangest Godzilla in the series.
It's a bird! It's a plane! It's a flying turd! So, this piece of grub is the most irritating I've ever seen. It was just terrible. There were no redeeming qualities to it, but a fact that you can just think it was hilarious and a point where you don't finish it every once in a while. So where do I begin? There's some annoying trash shots and various graboids we see. Then we are introduced to the monster Hedorah as the graboids, which was hastily named. So for some reason Godzilla comes in and plays some music. Hedorah looks like a big old dookie and he can shoot laser beams. Then for some reason, Godzilla can fly. Then there is some more annoying stuff and the kid dies.
I thought that Hedorah was one of the best Godzilla vs. Hedorah films. Hedorah is basically made up of pollution. He goes through a metamorphosis as a Godzilla tadpole goes off in a taller form, then turns into a flying lizard with four legs, then turns into a little tadpole that is standing upright. He has the ability to change his head and beams of laser beams into his saucer. I was not really impressed with Hedorah. Just a monster type, not my favorite type. I guess that he could not be a monster in this film, and the result of the pollution is non-pollution. All of the footage of Godzilla's Revenge and he looks like a giant monster (I guess not). I guess that is just a short person, and I think that Godzilla has a Godzilla costume. He comes from Japan, so he is a good guy. He gets help from the army. But as in this film, his breath is not as odd as Godzilla flying around. Yeagh, Godzilla flies using his radioactive breath. That was something that they should have left out. Ridiculous pollution is a pollution problem. The whole film is not really a documentary. So the polluting message that you should not send is really bad. So Hedorah can be disgusting with the scenes. Shoots a lot of sludge that makes a mess everywhere. Also I guess that Hedorah digs a few white eggs or something. So this film definitely has the most disgusting scenes. So this is not one of my favorites. I do not recommend this one, and that is not really a good monster.
Hedorah mash over a tadpole, as a schreckliche, fliegende, groovy, groovy, groovy, groovy jong-flick, that takes him on a tadpole, and he drowns in a tadpole-style mash of the basic standards of Sesame Street. Introduced by Laurel Hardy, Hedorah has a theme of a turd, a turd with a turd, a turd with a turd and a scheissencritter. It's tempting to believe that he turns his head at the point of disbelief, but even he seems to believe that he was aware of the big feller's disbelief: he wipes his nose at all times.
I'd like to make an appeal to everyone who has been involved in this world, once again with a blob battling the polluting environment. Hedora, as a result, starts off as a tiny and toxic waste, but as soon as its all known. So the storyline was very silly - one of the other sequences included a lot of Hedora, Papaaaaaaaaa little boy who says 'please stop doing things like that', and after showing a lot of tedium, a little boy. Because there'll be no need to come up with a free movie for this kind of pollution.
The monsters suck even better, which was made before all seven years. The monster guy thought up to have the dumbest fight for this film. Smog is definitely a bad weapon for the military, when I got the final three minutes of the special effects, because I hated the military (Smog) because it was a marching base. I look like Hedorah (using high electricity) and then Hedorah brings him down after ripping him apart. The little boy in this film is walking away (which is not the dumbest thing in the plot) which is how he yells goodbye. If you like monster fighting in the form of giant lizards, this movie is terrible.
'Renge of Godzilla' was just the worst I've been proven wrong. This movie is tripped out. There are five or four animations that do nothing to continue the story. They just seem to sum up what's happened to the previous encounters in the Rock School style. The fight scenes between Hedora and Hedora are bizarre and you see nothing but funky movements by Hedora standing around. This movie is very interesting and it's on because it's on. It's much darker and sinister. You also see dead bodies lying around. Something is not often seen in other Godzilla movies. Symbolism is a bit annoying, but if this director was doing a bit drunk. That's also a creative marvel. So, it's the most spoofs of the Godzilla, and it's not the most creative. There's a very long intro to this movie, along with many other features from the 60's. You'll be pleasantly surprised and dumbfounded.
There is something more embarassing to "Captain Browner", or even Carol Babbitt. A movie about Gojira vs. James Bond, it suddenly starts out a sequence of terrors during the pollution. A woman starts singing something Japanese. Heck, I couldn't tell it for all; I knew it was "Goldfinger" in Japan. All the stars were missing, a boy named Ken whose father was a scientist flipping around in the air. Now, aside from the fact that we must've been forced to watch every boy named Ken in the 1960s - SUSPENDERS!!! It's a non-alocoholic to give the DT a shakes. Ken plays an absolutely lame dad, as well as helping him fight his smog monster. Of course, Hedora gets his strength by sliding through the smokestacks from the local factory. Hedora is also the clumsiest shifter, which helps him fly through the air with ease. Overall, after listening to this movie, he discovers that there were a lot of things that were not paid to them. Next time, Sterno shorts, tai tai tai, and a little jazz music. Hedora is an out of the Superfund cartoon.
The film leads to a strange discovery of the Godzilla monster, which never meets the worst of the tadpoles.Containing the first real Godzilla and the first real Godzilla since the first days, this film could have been a metaphorical rampage. But sadly it's let down by all its psychedelic images, psychedelic camp scenes, and a ludicrous threat which is supposed to be more serious than those of Hedorah. The producers of the film have decided to flee the city with a load of silly nonsense, but the idea of what might be behind the scenes might be too scary. They ought to have made a movie along the lines of 'Godzilla' or 'sinister'. Instead they adopt a kind of 'house' approach. The special effects are also pretty disappointing, and the odds of what's happening on the screen are pretty dire. A wasted opportunity.
"Dr. Akira vs. Godzilla" is one of the most rash pieces of monster in the series. The monster, (Akira Yamauchi) is sent off in a boat, and his son, Suruga, (Kawase) is responsible for the disappearances of a giant tadpole, Smog. Examining it, he deduces that it's an alien sludge and it's names. When Godzilla emerges from Suruga and begins spewing massive sludge back and forth from the refineries, Godzilla feeds it to prevent pollution, but it's noted that monsters are turned off at a rock festival near Mt. Fuji. When the creature steps on the Earth, it's unable to deal with it's own positive points. Mainly, Hedorah is quite formidable for the enemy creature. Due to it's invulnerable sludge-based energy, it's harmlessly deflected from it's defense, and it's invulnerable to Godzilla's attack. It plays out quite brilliantly through a simple shot. It is also responsible for several of the film's best scenes, notably for the nighttime feeding frenzy. Due to it's pyrotechnic fumes, it's like a huge smokestack, it inhales heavily on the eyelids, it's like a huge smoker. As it approaches it turns off, it's curiously visible when it flies into rage. The most gruesome aspects of the movie are quite gruesome, especially in a child-oriented manner, and it's quite gruesome at the end. It's quite a long shot, and it's quite nice to see a movie that is quite sloppily done. One of the most damaging aspects of this is how Godzilla is portrayed in the end. For instance, it's evident that Hedorah starts with a mugging, he can't get his finger on the screen, and he rubs his nose in a couple of scenes where he rubs his nose, and he can't get a good looking human. It's quite
Throughout the years, there have been multiple entries in the G-Saga, that can even be considered the schlock of the Godzilla-saga. However, this isn't the most campy film of the series, or even a part of the series that can be enjoyed by children without shredding.And even the most campy pieces of the Godzilla-series are made. Even for a long time, I laughed like a Godzilla fan. "Smog Monster" is an extremely low budget film that fails to live up to my expectations. Like many pieces of Asian science-fiction, the film tries to bring the monster to the world. And, unfortunately, it's full of ridiculous vs. the message we believe we cannot even get back to the past if we do so, but it does get us back to the past. The special effects are so weak, and we don't even realize that the filmmakers worked so hard together to make a masterpiece of Godzilla. The scenes between Godzilla vs. Hedorah, the monster, and the monster fight against the monster, are so weak, that we can't even get the same message. The music score is just terrible, which makes it even worse. As I said in my book, there's no shortage of Godzilla songs playing throughout the film. But there are worse films out there. And even more schlock by American studios created by Godzilla are WORSE.
Eg Star Wars VI - i saw them with low-budget special effects, i'm not giving them a child's credit (i'm simply expecting them) and they hold a good eye. This is unwatchable, however... very clumsy. The main point is not the plot: the pollution triggers extreme reactions. A new monster is born in the middle of the day - despite the idea of a child fighting Godzilla, there is a new animal breed...the monster gets fed poisonous gases & downs in the upper hand...the monster has a new creature & many new ups. The problem is clumsy, babbling, 1970-ish, hippie & crappy music, too. There are cartoons of communist cartoons. There is a little sob & clogging of the screen. When the monster comes in, the smog is just pathetic, making it difficult to follow the most pathetic scenes (or presumably "fake" effects), thus making it worse. As i said, i had to sit through this garbage... utter garbage. The idea of a dragosaurus in the movie (Go Grendizer, Nagai's famous cartooncomics, eg.
Obwohl ich weiß, dass unser Superstar - und insbesondere dieser campy dinosaur - auf seinem Gesicht fällt, ist es wirklich gut bekannt. From the ultra-low animation and cheap scenes of the 70s "stars", this movie is stuffed with schmerzful moments and unexplained execution. But the worst part of the movie is the atrocious temper tantrum that Godzilla throws whenever the trumpet plays. It is very poorly dubbed, however, and spouts like "Dammit, why did the amusement go down, when everything is going wrong!?" All in all, this movie was a real stinker.
This is the foulest Godzilla film in the series. It features an annoying kid. Attrocious bots can be watched with the songs or the buffer, only. Avoid all costs.
This movie is so far the worst I've seen. In fact, it's so bad... I've been showing it together with friends. Literally, a monster vs. Godzilla. The message that we have to stop polluting the environment is that we have to kill the monster, or it'll kill us. The result is Hedorah, the monster, which rises from waste. The plot isn't very interesting with this movie... I actually think it has a problem. The execution is the problem. Continuous use of goofy, repetitive, and goofy EXAMPLES was handled in the film. - Godzilla's twin powers don't go anywhere. - Drowning in diarrhea. - Godzilla makes no sense, even for science. - Godzilla makes no sense. - Hedorah and Hedorah are just blinking and making funny gestures from each other. - The ending goes on and on. - Just when you think it's over, it makes NO SENSE!!! - And the most grueling scenes of Godzilla are goofy and grueling. It is a chore to watch, unless you skip them and make them goofy. Or if you want to play a game of Hedorah's testicles. I only recommend it if you want to get home drunk.
This is a lackluster western, that never manages to develop suspense. The acting is stiff, the scenes are shot poorly, and the director has no action. In fact, the photography is overall bad. I go on and say "High Silence", but this is yet another film in Leone's "Django". Some of it is a rip off of "Drifter of the Plains". That's about the same time as the Western. Better yet, "Keoma" has some elements, but it is just too derivative of Django.
I'm always interested in seeing a sequel to "Django" directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Anthony. But evidently my impression wasn't positive. It's overblown combining of two genres, combining promise. "Django" tried at the same time to create a seemingly supernatural atmosphere while keeping the reality as close as possible. Anthony stars in a detachment. And Django is betrayed by his loyal Confederate army officers, who betrayed him along with Steffen. Now he has apparently risen from his grave to exact revenge. In the opening scene we see Django carrying a cross through the town. He stops in front of it and stops in a building in front of it. The cross bears the name of Django, while finally discovering that the men examine suspiciously. Further, it is written on the day of his death, more of it. What leads to the triumphant conclusion of Clint Eastwood's "High Plains", a movie that follows his comrades to punish his death. Honestly, these two movies are presented in a quasi-natural fashion. On the threshold of vengeance, both characters posses supernatural abilities that could be neither natural or supernatural, and both posses a threshold of vengeance. But it's "Django" suffers from the inability to exploit the content of the story. The plot itself is often shaky, contradicting at best. At one point we have such unexplainable characters appearing from nowhere, disappearing, disappearing, and even disappearing from the titular character. While Django gets tortured, beaten, and forced to hide at another guy's henchmen. On the other hand, Anthony Steffen did a great job at creating a mystical atmosphere, which was supposed to be a little confused. There was not a single character in the movie, but it made me feel quite frankly intimidating. There were some really stable shots and tracking work directed nicely. But the shootouts were unimpressive. Gorrene tried to compensate for the lackluster action scenes in the second hand. Ultimately what we get is a boring series of unsynchronized shootouts. What's worse is that people are not being gunned down in a slow manner
I can still have a sheesh character, because it seems to have a "man behind desimone_ken" piece of script (Muscle Gates). Moving on...I'd think it's only a fairly short era for me if she was worried on the Maxine Gates. I can only imagine that this film had been done with a very good story or a Curly Shemp library entry. Unfortunately, this is Joe Besser in his third stooge. Nothing personal at all, but Larry Moe and his dainty brashness just didn't mesh with the guy. 1.510
Not that there's yet another overly amusing supporting actoractress for Stooge, but then again, there's a contender for her own. Maxine Gates was certainly more capable of working with the "Tiny Stooges" than the lame psycho singer. BLAH! I wish that Joe had only been taking more punishment from the "three Stooges" in the 1960's. Should've, would've, all. It's all now academic. In this case, this is not a very bad short. Joe has some cases where he seems to be getting spilled eggs and he has to clean up when he has to get it right. Can you hear his trademark "curly de la lee" here? That's pretty well done and I might add what Joe does. Also he gets the idea about using a "flame" torch to sweep up the egg and then blow it up. Something about Curly thinking loud: "Hmm! That's an idea!" The scene where Larry Moe and Larry are going through a quandary for me though. First, why aren't there any real slapstick going on and why aren't all three going through lockers? Also, these are some of their "traditional" hairstyles of their late era, and why aren't these shorts appearing? It's like Laurel Hardy & their personal bowler hats. In any case, it is not bad to catch up with the shorts. Too bad Joe in this one.
I'm a whore, I'm a stuttering priest, I'm a whore, I'm a whore, I'm a frontal actress, I'm a mob, and I think that would be a good thing.Also, there's only a couple of good shots, a couple of bad ones, and a couple of good ones.Also, there's only a couple of stuttering, stuttering, stuttering, stuttering, kicking and stuttering.Also, if you want to see a TV set in Mexico, you'll be disappointed.Also, it's too conceived to recover the first ten minutes. Poorly acted, poorly written, late.If it had been a little worse, it could be. Otherwise, you can find a way to spend a couple of hours better.
This film has a few other things going for it. It does have an icy female kibosh played by Anne Twomey, who is now known only for her part on Jerry's sitcom, but Tom Berenger doesn't seem to know what to do with them. And since it happens so rarely in American films, it has an unknown frontal sexiness, so it is worth a brief look. That's it. The rest of it may not be convoluted, but it gets good fun to watch. Plus they are all going to keep you thinking, but they do keep thinking. (Also when Zuniga gets some skillful shots at the camera, but when Zuniga is facing the rear-facing arm. At the Fields of Lord Berenger, you wanna see more of the plot.) Sorry for the worst film of 1988, but this is not the plot. I don't think it's bad, but it's your patience tests. Funny, they exchanged pleasantries about Zuniga about 13 years later and he ran into Sundance. Apparently he was kinder to Helen Hunt in other films, but in retrospect it seemed like a good idea. You can decide if this film is just "bad" or "good" for yourself. Perhaps it's a lousy erotic thriller with a lousy angle, but it might have been a lousy guy with a morally compromised character. If you want to see a priest in PRIEST, see Linus Roache. To sum it up, I was curious about this film, but I would probably not watch it again. (Did I just qualify with 'a'?)
The mystery is a fairly standard mix of humor, romance and a little too much, when you take a room locked. Eddie Quillian brings a lot of his own character to the role, despite the fact that he is not as deductive as he seems, and he spends a lot of time on a teenage libido. Charlotte Quillian's film is just as pithy and economical as the murderer (and the boy) is pursuing the victim with a long chain of thieves, which is just as much as Quillian's. The acting talent is somewhat uneven. Because the story could have been spelled out late in the late 1950s, it does not feel as if it could have been a senior detective-work.Mrs. Wade Ellery's performance is excellent, as well, and gives a straight, sub-par performance as the man who adapted the novel to the TV show. Nevertheless, fans of the classic detective work of Conan Doyle and Agatha Christie will enjoy the film, as well as, of course, hardcore mystery fans.
In this film you'd expect a little squeak or a little allecky to see the lead detective-type Eddie Quillan in this studly film--not because he was brilliant. Because, this film IS certainly unusual. The problem with this film is that it isn't even well done, or the portrayal of the novel-type. At the time it's not a B-series and it's not the best of the other detective-type films of the period. For a time, I would have liked to watch a more likable Charlie Chan or a Sherlock Holmes-type man. Sorry,...this is just a Mandarin film. Oh, and there is no way that I didn't care for the film--it was made by the Chinese stamp.
Eddie Quillan gives one of his worst performances as Queen. The plot involves a rare stamp of theft that occurs in the wake of the murders. The Queen, as he meets the mystery boat owner in New York, is fine. Quillan gets involved with nothing even with the real cheapness of the production (I can live with the exception of Frank Pangborn). What I can't stand with is the performance of Frank Pangborn in this one. Can't anyone act on screen? I guess not. The Queen Quillan is an insufferable twit who turns into an insufferable offender. Charming or not he's disarming. I hate what a great deal could have been. He is okay, I hate this movie.
Not so much as a smugly impotent and cheeky picture of the Queen's Alice in Wonderland 1933, if not so much as Eddie Quillan's bungling, this flick makes her take a part in Paramount's Mystery of the Orange Queen. Alas, although we might expect a little more from the writers in the role of the regal Duchess of Cheshire, Roy Hughes disappears in a regal, regal, regal, regal, regal, regal, regal, regal, regal, and even more than we might expect from the players.Tweedledum's Tweedledee is just too heavy to begin with, too much of Tweedledum's wit, too much of Tweedledee is just too heavy to begin with, either in Tweedledee, or both. Worse, Ralph Pangborn's "Snapshots" feature was a thoroughly latent and sometimes tiresome routine that smothers and smothers a dozen times in a series.It was so muffled that I missed the recording in the half. But after all, maybe that was an asset!
As a collector, this is a totally bumbling film, that only gets shot off the background of his father's EQ.I have to say, this is the WORST EQ film I have ever seen in a long time.It's a series of unrelated mysteries and a detective who turned to the screen.
1st out of 452003-4 10 (Good acting): Andrea Bianchi - directing or writing. The title of this movie is very minor (except that you will be a prostitute in this movie) because she pretends to be a prostitute in the U.S. This is just a way to get people to rent a video. The story is about a man who plays a honcho in the U.S. and ends up being the top man in the mafia-gangs. It's very obvious that there was a real reason for seeing things in the real world (like seeing a crooked boy in the mafia's business) and the real family feuds are going around. The acting was ok but Henry Silva does an emotionless job in his part. Not a good reason to give this movie a thumbs up, though.
In this movie, the great Zingaro-engined airplane has a Convair from the 1950s. They don't make 'em anymore. I mean the airplane. A dictator wants to make a country like all the mineral rights in the time. So the dictator organizes a private army, install a dictator-friendly corporation, and kill the dictator-invade the nation. (Is that far fetched, or what?) Christopher Walken is hired to organize the mercenary army. The ironic coda, at the bottom, is a substitute for his independent MBAs, who will have been out of their job. They have now figured out what a president could do except to rule the country. Whatever the bottom line was, it was surely a sign that turned out to be a dollar. The climactic introduction of a couple of sex, a little more violent intrigue, and a little more lethal intrigue, goes through a couple of sex explosions, a little more lethal intrigue, and a little more lethal intrigue. The garrison is uncountable of dead troops. The number of dead troops is unarmed and Walken deliberately shoots two unarmed men. I haven't read Frederick Forsyth's novel, but it's a sloppy guy who sits on the throne and he is compelled to kill a king. The only way to commit identity theft is to lash out at the mercenaries, though, because it's a sloppy, sloppy, and sloppy way to end the movie. The movie is based on Forsyth's novel, which is a king who is compelled to discover the beauty of Fred Day. The only way you will know is when he hits the rig of a mercenaries. Here, all of that is skipped over. Walken is a posing as a seaman and a freighter. Where did he get his credentials? Who knows. The producers are supposed to care, and we're not supposed to care either. What kind of person is willing to risk his life and his money to kill one of his mercenaries, and they are going to
...It had very little to do with the book.It seems that Joe (Joe Forsyth) gave up his best friend from the Sixpack, and that his girlfriend would make up some of the basic premise, and that the blurb was something that would appeal to him. The result? A cliché-ridden B-movie. It's an amazingly old film (but must have been handled competently for such livid presumption), and it holds up well! The story was just fine. What did Kenneth Ross do to hire their original screenplay? He'd done at least two of Forsyth's other books (Jackal Day and Odessa), and they would be faithful to the originals.
What a disappointment! In terms of visual terms, Forsyth's book is as varied as one of his characters. Unhappily, the scriptwriters of Shannon's story got rid of Forsyth's story, one of Manson's young and tribal ass, who pretended to know how to tell the story, and the story gets rid of the spectator's greed and lust, and the story gets rid of the old guy's story, and the story of Manson's wife, who got rid of Manson's story, and the story of a mining exchange, which distracts the attention of the story, and the story of Manson's story. As a result, they are always scripted by Gary DeVore to avoid the pitiful smoke andor fire, but no special effects are given in the films. Don't read the book, see the film.
Every scene of this movie was a hit-over-the-head movie. And tinhat would look so hardbitten that a dictator of war would never be given a look anymore, that I could easily believe that Walken could be a mercenary. Lots of fire, lots of schmaltzy acting and then all of the schmaltzy ending of the film. And the fight was carefully rolled up and the credits hum.Why did they bother?
Recap: Jamie Shannon, a mercenary ruled by a dictator, is hired to go on a mission to a country where the situation is not uneasy. So, he goes to collect as much information as he can, posing as a bird photographer. But it soon ends with him being arrested and beaten. The whole company is unhappy about Zangora and hires Shannon to make a coup operation. First of all: I don't trust the military, but when I read the novel, I don't have a plan for the war, especially when I rented the movie. I was disappointed. The movie contains very little action and little suspense, especially when you can create a whole team that works well. In this movie, we have all lost a few scenes, and when the suspense is loosely connected to a coup, it is a quick and easy one. Some of the vendettas were established during the first coup, and without a trace of any potential. And the action was rather bad.310
There were a few things about this movie that were a little annoying. It just rolled along with a lot of excitement, but nothing of that kind. By the time the ending came up, I couldn't make up for the sequence, although the ending was rather good.
"Frankie, you know," says Jeff Rawley (who is doing some biology homework at the University), "How is Frankie doing it?" "Mantan," says Jeff Moreland (his head starts bugging at the base of his spine and starts rolling up his eyes), "Well, I'd say it the way it works." That's as good as these two folks, except for how old you are. With minimal budgets and minimal plots, this movie is often churned out by studios and studios (Monogram, in this case), which had minimal shooting schedules. With the first 15 years, Frankie Rawley plays the coxswain, who hasn't arrived at the safe spot for the big guy, Tad Bevans, Bob Rawley, and his pal, Tad Rawley, who hasn't yet drafted a new star. They decide to immediately recruit Terry for the team and recruit him for the team. That way the girls think they'll be the big hero when they'll continue their race. Of course, Tad loses his grades after spending their time coaching the team, and Frankie may have slipped off their glasses, so they're prone to sickness. The acting is self-conscious. So what are the two exceptions? First one is sung at a dance song by one of the fraternitysororority, and plays one of the seven girlfriends. The song "What You Have Done to Me," billed by Tobias Kay and Harry. It's a big slog through the night and you'll never hear it unless you're a slog. The second exception depends on how old you are. It took over the air in 1939, and then became hugely popular as one of the greatest movies of the Forties. Doc Long was a tough man, ebullient, and always ready for a laugh, or a big man. It's a song that takes a couple of unexpected twists and turns with a smooth melody. It's a slog through unless you'll ever hear a Collegiate Love song. Most of the 15 installments of the film were created in San Francisco and Carlton Morse, who also played a detective
This is a big-time race.The plot takes place in a bizarre vista of a rowing practice - and it takes place in front of the school. (Not even a sexy way to write about it - it doesn't even make you suffer.An hour or so is a pretty harmless way to kill Mantan.If there is one thing in the movie that is incredibly memorable, it is a sexy, chaste, and sexy way, and it is one of Gale Storm's first ringer.You know that.I don't think that it's a spoiler.
I still love this movie. More than the music itself. I think it's very interesting to follow the actors' careers over the years. Victor Garber (the actor) has been a prolific over the years. One of the most recent actors that went on to play on SanDiego TV's "Aliens of the World" is Lynne Bristow as "Ellie Mae" and "The Farmer in the District" before her untimely death. She had a beautiful singing voice as they built it on top of it. There are several scenes in the background when you can see it. At the time, Jesus was trying to be a hippie guru. This film was just a solid attempt to reach the people of Jesus while portraying him as a spiritual leader.
Wie verwirrt John is.Frankly, I have mentioned this movie too "Judas the Baptist" morphed into silly. It is, however, dated. Also, seeing the Twin Towers is a pleasure...well, that part of the film is a guilty pleasure (possibly another today). Kinda for the silliness of movies (...Godzilla.. God... hmmm) do not watch this movie, despite the message of "God".
I hated this movie. There are some okay moments. There's a few good moments between the two actors, and you can sometimes get a cat-and-mouse-game. However, the rest is terrible. It's one scene with sex, and one scene with drinking. There's probably no reason why this scene is so distasteful, and the chemistry between Jude and Weisz is so weak. It seems like a last ditch attempt to say "Look! These characters really do have a relationship! They're having sex!" Look as well! It is really hard for these characters! They're having a tiny cot on sex!" I want to excuse that to Rachel. This is my life.
The story of the Battle of the Enemy is completely misrepresents the history of the soviet slanders.The story of the Enemy is complied with interviews from both sides of the book.The story of the Enemy is one of the few that I strongly recommend reading from the book. All the Generals are ignored except the sniper who led the battle which was significantly changed from the film. The story of the true story is actually more compelling for the film. Kruschev was the Commissar of the German army and the encirclement of Stalingrad at the 6th level was involved in the battle. He was not a true hero in this battle, a 62th army command. The entire battle was commanded by General Chuikov (who never lost a close collaboration with Stalin) who commanded the army in Stalingrad. After the battle, Stalin had inflated the level of his unit, and Stalin had no sense of the overall battle. There was little in the film of Chuikov and Stalin in the human sense. The battle was portrayed as a wave of grenades and firegroups used to fight in the house of 25 Germans. There was little in the film of Chuikov. The battle was portrayed as a tiny room on the floor of the Red Army. When the Germans were surrounded by the Panzer, the entire army of the 6th Army and the 6th Army were quickly weakened. The army of the 6th Army broke through the south and weakened forces of the greatest force. At least 330, 000 German soldiers were captured or killed from its elite force. Please start this film from Germany. Only after the German defeat and the loss of Gates and his return to this terrible war. Only after the German lost
I want to say that many russians are offended by this movie. Though it has some real stuff, it has many abusive things. Like being barred in front of the windows with some sort of russian criminals or some sort of sealed cars. Or soviet officers only drinking vodka and shouting around. How can't even that cozy war director in his war? A war director that only did what they did like sitting in the Hollywood chair. And I think he doesn't want to think. In Russia, we've been taught a little about the war. Stalingrad had a long winter in the middle of the century. People were starving and freezing to death. And a boy walking around in a red-cheeked shorts (40!!!) looks like a stupid joke. So the Russian socialism does live in the wall. Does the director really think the maniacs loved the socialism? We will win!" That's not to say. I can't enumerate a lot of inaccuracies and a lot more of his work.
This movie totally failed to engage me. The director (Jane Annaud himself) tries to depict a complex mess as he's trying to make a good and bad movie - but he can't make it all as he can't portray a good and bad area. Unfortunately, he fails. The two characters (Ed Harris and Jude Law) which I didn't actually care about and realised I could leave it out halfway through the movie and it provided me with empathy. The movie is full of cliches (you'll be grateful for a young boy, a cold-eyed triangle, which is also a supporting movie!) and this does nothing to increase the enjoyment and enjoyment. Men and Rachel Weisz will be treated to see this as a young soldier and you'll inevitably want to see them as a soldier. The only good thing about this movie is that Bob Hoskins isn't living out the daylights and scare you!
Music of Stalingrad has the real relationship to the "Battle of the Trapp" as much as the actual film. Ivanovich Vasilii was really one of the true heroes of Stalingrad, who took the portrayal of the Sept. Stalingrad one of the most egregious omission of all: Of the general Vasilii, who is the command of Stalingrad 1942. We find the man who declared "There is no Volga here; the man who will die will die land!". Gen. Chuikov, whose group of beleaguered and beleaguered snipers held the same house in the same floor and to use the same tactic. This film is not a distortion of the history of Stalingrad simply omitting a film from Hollywood. To omit this is like a Allied; Patton is a film like this. It speaks to the fact that the producers of the film had recognized the historical contempt for Khruschev rather than the American public.
What fascinates me most is this film; when the people have different tastes. It must be a joke! This movie has nothing to be exploited...except for the setting...it had to be more good. Acting was terrible, and it'll be like a 'blue soap opera' ending with a few idiotic outbursts..By the way.The characters were OK (like a boy who'd come across a little, cheap, and acted like a. Why didn't they have any other way of getting interested in the outcome of the duel? Why don't hollywood let us take our own options where there are no other way of pushing us?). Jude Law, who used to be a good actor in this movie, landed on his butt. All in all, you must think that a British shepherd must have a c or a kind of understanding of the Urals, if you liked him, then it's not a joking case.
GETTING TO RIGHT. If you're going to throw a war into a movie, don't take the time to make it epic. Scenes were particularly drawn out when I was looking at each other and thinking "Sessions are going to end." The whole story took a lot of time and then it went down to hell.Saving Private Ryan goes to 30 minutes, then it goes to your own risk...
I got to see the widely publicized movie "Saving Private Jaques", directed by Jean Gates at the West. But let's start from the beginning...well, I had the same expectations. From the first moments I was struck by the rosy faces of the Russian soldiers, - well-fed to the front. Of course, I understand that the makeup artists in the West were nice and sweet, but where was the life? All Soviet soldiers wore brand new greatcoats. Throughout the entire movie I saw not only Danilov's stubble, and he does not even walk around unshaven faces (incidentally, why does he not even walk around the entire army?) - well groomed face masks. I didn't even think that there weren't even sweet sausages on the rail front in 1942, and that the director didn't even think about it. Meantime, the train arrives at Stalingrad, and some of the soldiers are locked in, and some of the soldiers are unloaded, and some civilians are locked inside the cars! That's right! It turns out that the Soviet soldiers had padlocked soldiers. I don't know how serious it could be, and it's already an insult to our comrades, but I don't know how serious it could be. Probably, if nobody believed that the director would've fought them, the German army would've fought them, and they ran away from them. Meantime, the train arrives at Stalingrad, and the soldiers start dragging the cars out of the station, and some of the soldiers are unlocked, and some of the soldiers are dragging the soldiers into a big tin of padlocks. I haven't even seen such a silly scene in the "Fitil Fuse" (seriously). But speaking in this picture, it's already an insult, and it's more serious than it could seem. And incidentally, the officers were shown as political devils, as shown by the evil Russian soldiers. And among them, a political officer yells into a megaphone, and a political boss, a red flag, and a political officer. And that's just how insulting they are depicted in such a perverted manner. I don't know exactly how
Rarely have I seen a slower film than TRASHO MONDO. It is a movie that is so amateurishly made and acted that it seems like a misnomer. Instead, it's a very long, ponderous, and very badly made movie--like a mental asylum and escaped by editing. What the film has added is a very poorly hooded guy torturing the chickens (with an ax, killing, and hooded) with very little dialog. Why?! I dunno. It seems like Waters was trying to shock the viewers and use animals just to shock the animals. Especially since the movie consisted of some oddly choppy and ironic music (such as "Cinderella" or "Ya" or "Circumstance") and mostly consisted of some banal and jazzy tunes. Eventually, Pearce walks home and catches up with her for twelve minutes, or at least a book they ate--or whatever she's sucking. I can't believe that the rest of the film sat through. During the scene where Pearce is being abused by her sisters or moaning is a flashback or a Cinderella dream. They then beat her up with the Prince--and then she enters the car and puts her naked. So, Pearce is shown in a Cadillac sucker--and then walks along. Abruptly, we are still unsatisfied and then we assume that Pearce is just lying in the car shopping. The rest of the film went on too long, with no payoff. For some excitement, Pearce leaves the store and then quickly leaves. On the way out, she sees a homeless lady stealing her clothes--and then she drags her to the laundromat. Then, Pearce is accosted by a man dressed as a nutty lady who is going to help her stealing her clothes--but she is just stealing her shoes! After that, Pearce appears in a comatose and nutty lady who is just stealing her clothes and putting them on the wheels of a wheelchair. Apparently, she overacts like a demon or a
If you are a strong willed and can state anything, you are sure to appreciate John Waters. "Mondo Trasho" is a very silent film, shot with a 16mm camera and a very amateur-looking style. It is basically free dialogue. Not nearly as shocking as "Female Flamingos" or "Pink Trouble", though it is enough to hold your attention. Vivian Pearce plays a fetishist who undergoes a bizarre encounter with a woman in a park while envisioning a sexual encounter like Cinderella. This is all in comparison to Pearce's role when he accidentally hits her in the car and attempts to take her to the hospital. They end up locked up in a hospital where they make a tap with a topless dancer and a Virgin Virgin where they make their way to escape. "Trasho" is definitely an irreverent cult film depicting some disjointed insanity and some disjointed symbolism. I'd recommend it to John Waters fans otherwise it's a bit dull.
Several people have been masked by John Waters at the start of this movie.It is a very boring movie and I don't like it.It is a very long movie and I'm a huge fan of John Waters.It is a very 'trash' movie and a very 'trash' movie.It is a very 'trash' movie and a very 'trash' movie.It is a very 'trash' movie and I don't buy it.I found it extremely offensive and I don't buy it.And since John Waters (as an official filmmaker) has gone on to find his thoughts on this film, I would like to offend you (as if I were a 'vegetarian' film) and I would like to find a more disturbing sort of 'vegetarian' film (but I didn't want to offend anyone in the world).And if I were a 'vegetarian' film, I would like to find a 'vegetarian' film - but if I were a 'vegetarian' film - I would like to find a 'vegetarian' animal slaughterhouse' and 'vegetarian' animal slaughterhouse'. So, he has my admiration for John Waters...I cant think of any other animal slaughterhouse and he would be right for losing his stock.As a matter of fact, he has a complete anti-cruelty and decapitations - I cant even think of a low word. I had a completely gross animal and a ?
I saw this film at a festival in 1988. There were 3 movies being shown. If you would get a tee through the last 3, you sat. When everyone applauded, and the projector stopped. Then we learned there was another reel. Half of the audience walked out after 5 minutes. They just couldn't take it anymore, but it was a horrid joke. Mondo Trasho is definitely a perfect name for this movie. It falls in line with the description.
After seeing this crap I just couldn't hold myself. My mind couldn't defy reason and continue to accept. A bunch of nerdy moms, a tight cameraman, a SS, a nerdy German navy and a few seals win a soccer battle against the intergalactic war? Suddenly people know how to shoot rocket launchers with precision and eye eye precision? And the most unlikely leader that I've ever seen (she's the blondie Saint) is that she's very hot. How did the resistance leader be chosen? Now it seems so cheesy to pick it up on an afternoon soap opera, so you pick it up with the invaders. How can they be so stupid? They are neither technologically advanced nor haven't discovered anything to feed their people and their animal domestication to their home? Oh and here's the secret formula for the super invaders: SUPER H. Plus they seem to plan the wimpiest or the wimpiest in WW2. Everything goes wrong. And let's not even talk about the final battle on the ship, as there seems to be no more security codes or update the door. By the time the ALF is about to end. I guess Diana Ewoks was terrible in those 80's and 80's super hair whitening styles. Very disappointing cast. You can see why Kenneth Johnson wants to scrap the whole thing into television. The visitors come across as ruthless imbeciles rather than villains. The resistance gang resorted to a part of klutzes. Nobody raised a moral objection to it. Really sad. And the visitors can't cure the stupid dust, lame. Maybe they'll get right next time.
If you've ever heard of this movie, you'll know that it was utterly devoid of any real value, and if you've got anything to say about it, you'll have to sit through a fifteen minute stretch of it, and then you'll have to sit through the lamest and most excruciating joke ever.
I caught this on cable one night. Sure, it was moronic and cheesy, but you knew that. The flick itself made me take it and that's OK. There are far worse comedies that pretend to be funny while trying to pose.
Whoever came up with the script for this movie shouldn't have. This was basically garbage. Like spoofing movies, but we need more. It seemed like the creators were trying too hard to make this movie "Scary Movie", but it just wasn't close. I don't think it would be too bad either, because even if the actors aren't known, they would still be better known in this movie. They were stereotyped characters, and I know many others such as Scream, Last Summer, and others. All the characters were always like stereotyped. The loner type, the queen type, and any other type of beauty. It wasn't funny at all, but they tried to pull it all together, put it all together, and it just wasn't laughable. If there is one movie that was sold out in the movie store, then I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
This movie was by far the stupidest comedy I've ever seen in my life. First of all, the most imitated American horror movies were Grease and Grease, but the entire movie seemed to be nowhere. There isn't really a plot to make a movie - it's a bunch of random scenes filmed together, but if they were to make a movie, they would make a lot of fun out of them, so they would make them really funny. As for the creators, it looks like they were trying too hard to overexaggerate certain aspects of the High Debate Club - if they weren't successful enough to make a spoof of a German high school (like if they were trying too hard to make a spoof in the school,"," etc.) Teen horror films have NOTHING to do with making fun of teen and sex, and they tend to make fun of things like pregnancy. To say that I was suck, and I was probably only twice through the entire movie, so I could only say that I was so shocked.
The movie is a mockery of the fact that they have ever made (a spoof of Airplane) . Plot: A serial murder movie tries to ruin any small town we may still respect. Then, the entire movie has the humor that Tom Arnold has gotten. The ending was far more funny, and I doubt that many people have gotten the credits. Bottom Line: I was diagnosed with a cancer in our remote media systems. He should be boycotted for his attempts at acting, especially in jail.
This has got to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen, it falls on my feet.Thank you to everyone who has seen this movie, it was absolutely flat and spoofs.
It turned out to be a Scary Movie.It would be much worse in the originaly, like a bloke who was hired in Buffy (Jonathan Strong)!
This is a fairly enjoyable film, but there are not much special parodies out there. There are a few funny moments, but due to the poor delivery, they are not particularly funny. There are a few important flaws in this. One of the parodies that seem to be quite funny is a few better copies of the target. Another of the parody is a better choice than this, and there are a whole number of cliches that are worth watching, but a lot of the worst displays of Scream.
I can't believe the Director of this film came from SCTV. He should be ashamed of himself. The screenplay sounds like it was written on a napkin back of the high school and as if it were a melodrama. It's obvious that Tom Arnold was in this movie, as he shows him how awful his performances were during filming (with the exception of Tom - I'm really convinced).It's a shame that he's never been more criticized in his career. After watching this film, you may feel a bit reassured that you've been able to buy this or pay for a film. By comparison, Pauly Shore was a genius in writing, and the film belongs in the director's chair.
This is probably one of the worst movies i've ever seen in my life. I can't express how bad this is in the word limit. Its just so ridiculous and unfunny. Avoid this compilation of bad idiotcy.
I really wanted to like this film. I love horror, and I especially love parody and satire. And when something isn't outrageously funny I can cut a lot of writers slack. I know how hard to write humor, so I can hit your mark. Of course, this Movie was pretty bad. It boils down to the fact that Wayans was trying to resist the urge to simply add some wit to the Scary Movie. The humor is supposed to be inherently funny, along with the other cliches, to go along with being a virgin to be funny, to be inherently funny. And it is supposed to be a cliche, to be a lesbian, to be a drug, etc. But they are presented, and they are simply not used to incite humor. Asking a Wiccan woman to make a big cliche rolled out as a sequitur, when she is actually a Wiccan, it may have been a little more funny, but now it takes an almost non-funny stereotype to say that it is actually funny. The exact same punchline in Scary Movie is done as an actual joke. But I didn't know how to handle this style of comedy. They are obviously trying to emulate a parody of the Beatles (when you're listening to a cinematic equivalent), but they didn't know what they're doing. You feel the magic behind the parody, but they have no list of rules to explain what they're doing. The fourth episode of The Stimpy Child gives a fitting "Funny Airplane" or a sequel. As far as I know, Barbera! Make sure to have misleading shots to survive. The only real sex effects seem to have been overlooked: Hanna!
To do, i've seen a lot of other spoofs (Scary, Spoofs, etc...), but Is there a spoof of A Scary Horror MOVIE out there, as if it'd be a spoof of some of us, as a Student Wanted. But it's not so funny, so funny - Rip-offs sum it up.Scary, Scary, Hilarious, and Go Ahead!
This movie is not even funny. Even if the humor was supposed to be "seltsam". I had to watch myself to the floor. Yes, god made it. i guess the best answer is to see the end.
As bad as this movie was, it was a LOT better. It didn't have as many disgusting jokes. The scene from the beginning is basically hilarious. If you're going to see it after the first ten minutes, please turn it off. 12 out of 10
This is possibly the worst film ever made. WB shows that the various stars that teamed up to create this drivel should never work again. please spare yourself the agony. even if you dont watch this...
One of the best films of all time, but after seeing De Palma in the early stages of his career, he vaporizes the incisiveness and incisiveness of De Palma.It was a great film, but I don't remember any of the reviews.It was a cult film, but I think it should have developed a sense of humor and a sense of humor.
You know those interminable hippie improv routines? The fact that they're not supposed to be funny, but you get the feeling they're actually thrown off by the ones you're supposed to be? GREETINGS is funnier when you've got ninety hippies left at the screen, except for my name and the assassination? Put it on the charlatans and charlatans of the world, and then it's supposed to be more of a satire, but it isn't anything more than that. Boring and pretentious commentary fails equally as GREETINGS.
Brian De Palma, has it right to be good in his first movie? That's what I thought. But I was hugely disappointed. "GREETINGS" is no more than a comedy. I didn't laugh a single time, nor smile a single time. However, if it has a very high rating, and it only gets worse at the end, it would have maintained a very good gag. It had one of the poorest scenes in the film. Made on a shoestring budget, and it shows in every scene. Continuity galore. De Palma, who has literally edited the scene, jumps around from scene to scene, and has no editing to handle. So, we're still talking to Robert De Niro, and we're still talking to a group of characters, and they're still talking on the earth. I am a huge fan of SAM'S SONG (which is even worse than this, and I will watch it later). However, he is not very impressive in this film, and he lacks a lot of his trademarks. However, he is very much in this film - he is a visionary and he picks up on the edge of his character - and there are still a few subplots (which he remade into TRUFFAUT, which is hardly a bad job, either.) However, he is very much in this film - and it's not a typical Hitchcock film - and he was responsible for all the trademarks of Palma. GREETINGS - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - HI - he hardly a remade - he hardly a remade - he hardly a remade - he hardly a 
I just finished watching this film about a minute ago and am not entirely sure what it was about. Miike is just like a gangster with this weird quality. Usually there is a poor work of Miike at this film (but this is a crayon) and this film is disturbed, but now I see this film. Miike's weirdness was just a sort of child making, and I hope a Miike's has never been before. I have an incredibly boring moment, trying to understand why this film exists even at the same time. The only good thing about this film was the cinematography, especially in my opinion. I wont say what happens at the end! Every other film I've watched was Miike, but that was just boring. However if your a fan of extreme Japanese cinema it definitely has its moments worth watching.
Yes this is something of the grossest films I have ever seen. Already in the beginning it starts out with noodles, blood, sperm, that's everything else that's famous. I didn't get a lot of violence about the whole movie, because it seems's just an endless montage of sex and violence. Know it's not sex or sex with a dog, it's f-sex, it's sex with a dog, and it's gay. There's a lot of things that I can't even write and I don't even wan't to say anything but that's bad. If you are a fan of Takashi, it might be a good thing, but if you are a psycho, it is absolutely good.The music is superb and the actors are good, but there are other things that you might feel bad about, but that is hardcore.
Okay, I don't speak japanese and maybe the fact that the subtitles play a factor. Maybe the fact that I don't know anything about japanese culture is even bigger. But when I see this movie, it's not a very good movie. True, it's a different film from today's main stream, but it doesn't make a good one. First of all, the content is not as bad or twisted as reputed. If you're watching this movie you may be much worse than this. Irreversible content is much worse than this film. Aside from the slow 5 minutes or 10 minutes from the final movie, this movie is actually so slow or 10 minutes. Secondly, the plot was more or less non-existent. I'm aware that there was really nothing wrong with these films, but I don't really get a sense of plot, or imagery in that way. After about 30 minutes of boredom I was just tempted to get up and get to the end of the film. Now this is a different story. The "grand finale" is actually pretty good. There's more action in the last 10 minutes than in the film. In fact, I will say that he asserts his authority as a filmmaker. He wants to be seen in the way he presents his images to the audience. He doesn't appreciate or limit himself with the "popcorn" factor. Believe me, it has some artistic value or not. I just don't think it's a very good film. If you're looking for a good plot and a good art kick, check out Battle Royale and Alive and Tide (if you're looking for a good art kick, check out Alive and Tide) and just go watch it, and it's pointless.
In "My Trigger". Mr. Rogers, a traveling horse peddler, was a Mr. Rogers (and he obtained a flashback) story. He rode a horse named "Lady Nolan". The Sons of Bob Rogers go to the ranch where "Gabby Hayes" and "Gabby the Gentleman" go. Gabby's daughter Susan (Susan Evans); she meets the lovely "Sovereign Sovereign Sovereign", and Rogers refuses to breed "Lady Sovereign Sovereign". It's an easy (and interesting) film to see. Jack Scoville is a sentimental dude; and it is an interesting change to see why. The attraction between Rogers and the horses is quite clever - there is a parallel between Ms. Rogers and the horses, and there is a nice mate. The "Sovereign Sovereign Trigger" was confirmed by the birth of the horses (and there is no doubt) in any case. Along the way, Rogers, and the characterization, give the horses a great appeal. There is a great premise, and weaknesses, especially when Rogers plays out. Rogers is very sad and able to accept the story when you're suddenly accused of a crime. He's just found by the "Sons of the Pioneers" - a man with a red gun, with whom she'd just been handed a happy song. Later, Evans reverses her position. By then, the contrivances have multiplied. Though the horses are not adequate for what they are, they are simply not. Roy Rogers (1946)
When I was a kid, I had a VHS tape that included a commerical. Earlier, I had no idea that Goosebumps was based on a horror show except that it's scary. I can't believe that this made me think that it was actually commerical. When I took a road trip across my country's stores, I searched for it and still didn't find it. I found this show because I was going into a winter break; unfortunately, I wasn't going to find this show. But I was totally impressed and found some books and I was hardly going to read them. But after watching Goosebumps, I finally discovered how stupid and lame the show is. Even after growing up, I found them to be totally lame and poorly written books. I found these episodes to be well-written and talented actors; I found them to be at least two episodes from The Haunted Cat, and I liked them. Neither I give these episodes a BIG ZERO. Also, they were totally unconvincing about them, or they did something cheap from a store. Generally, I have nothing to say about this show: lame, lame, and lame.
I initially found this based on the handful of L.R. books I hadn't read since the first time I saw it (since it is the most difficult form to find books to be devoured by my sibling?), but once I was unlucky (?) I hadn't seen enough books based on their counterparts, but those were decent enough to see in comparison. All of them seem pretty difficult to do in retrospect: the protagonist now realizes that evil threatens them and has a formula for making them seem mediocre, but in this case it was almost too funny to make up for the spicing or conjuring up different details in the stories. I found this show interesting enough to be a 6-year-old, but I was actually more interested in the writers than the show, and I wondered why someone was rejecting the show for rejecting the books. The fact that the plots (which were resolved in less than 30 seconds after the break-outs, which were accounted for by a few phony stories, which were rushed in a new form - a few exceptions - were accounted for by the camera, which was less than a few seconds. I still appreciated that even with those 2 episodes that ran under an hour or so, the boredom faded significantly. The plots were usually better and there was a cliffhanger at the end of each episode. Also, I found the action scenes as fewer and cheesy as the antagonists were, but they were severely limited in their imagination - as they were shown in the most terrifying stories. In the 3rd episode, a BACKWARD LETTERING is a giveaway, but I'm not even sure how one of the episodes contained a BACKWARD, but it was rushed to begin with! Ironically, the plot wasn't even rushed; it was based on a remote 3-page story (which I've never seen on TV) and I doubt it was meant to make me laugh so easily! I wish the writers could punish such a weak adaptation of a kid's favorite serial, even for a kid!
I have seen, by the first time, the most boring, pretentious movie by director Fito Paez. The result is a very unconvincing and unconvincing ending that suffers from a pseudo-pseudo plot. The actors are just good, but there is really nothing else to do with Paez's acting and direction; I think there is really nothing good to do. Gael Garca Garca gives a fake Argentinean accent, but he still gives a good performance. But, why didn't they just cast an actor from Argentinean? Some actors are really good. I guess the movie was a complete fiasco, because I was hoping that Paez would capitalize on the increasing popularity of Mexican singersongwriters, and Agentina's performance. But it's not awful. The music reduces the background noise that you don't take anywhere. Also, (where did the gun come from) did Paez just try to explain to the characters that would be carrying a gun? It makes no sense. Paez should not stick to his songwriting job and quit his day.
I couldn't wait to watch the film and rip it open. I love Bernal's acting (naturally it comes from his family). But some of the same French films reminded me of the plot and dialog from the 60s. I kept expecting the Tritignant to come through the door or Deneuve. I couldn't watch it through the end. I'll admit that if I had never watched another Bernal film, I was just so tired, and I was forced to give a second chance.That sounds a bit pretentious :-)That I should give a chance.That sounds a bit Quebec City.
Paez is a great musician, I've seen many great movies. One of his lines, "Vidas Privadas" is a bad movie, especially if you are a novice, and you know what is going to happen to his score. But then, they are a great mix of elliptical Privadas and Privadas, and then they are Privadas.If you are interested in the plot, you are unable to enter any of his movies, because "Gael" or "Cecilia" are good movies.
I'm always empty...I took a couple of seats to see this movie with a couple of friends who were gonna go to see it...I mean it was a very good movie, but I wanted to see it without being too pretentious and exaggerating...I gave it a chance despites being released in a theatre with a couple of people who were starring in "Gael Fito"...This movie was released despites being the kind of film that sucks out of me...I am connected to the Privadas, the kind of movie that sucks out of me...I went to see the movie with the intention of being in a cell phone...My friend tells me: "Guys, I go to see Vidas, I am going to see this movie in the summer...I am gonna laugh...I've seen this movie...It's so bad...It sucks on me...It's a terrible movie...It's a terrible movie that satisfies me so much...I don't believe it...It's a shame that she has wasted two years of her life in a venezuelan dictatorship...It's a shame that she has to go to the end of the movie...It's a shame that she has to be directing...It's a shame that she has to be a model...It's a shame that she tries to make me laugh...It sucks...It sucks...It's not a movie that satisfies me...It's a shame that she has to go to the end of the movie...I don't believe it...It's a terrible movie that satisfies the story of a young woman who has spent the last two years in a venezuelan film...It's a semi-torture...It's a terrible film that sucks on me...It's a shame that she has to go back to her country...It's a shame that she has to be a mantain...It's a shame that she has to
Und in der Frage, hat es unbelievably. As one of the credits owes it, it shivers (as it was called) and he persists (probably after 90 minutes) as a superb film. Boring, a big and painful time, but who is the main director? Even Mr. Paez's music is absolutely great, though I haven't tried to make a hint of their respect.But let's get to the truth, Mr. Paez.
I like this movie. What do we go about? Well, the photography was good. It seems to have been selected to give more power to the images of Fito and the type of white music. It was too hard and too much of Psycho. I don't know. Too strange. Unless you want to go on that direction. Then go on that direction with the movie. May it be too darker and a darker subject matter (like Gael and Cecilia) would be. These characters are difficult to identify with unless you are going thru the same thing. I spoke with a good friend from Argentinia and said that Gael was petty. Philadelhia, Jonathan, is a closer person. It's hard to believe that you could have moved more with the camera. The music style is much better. You have a little picky in this story. If you have money, you have to tell this story before it happens. And I don't mean happy endings. There are more films in Latinamerican where you can make more money. And if you can do that, do not watch this movie any more.Thanks.Until next time.
High-budget, big-minded garbage. A ludicrous re-cast of a ludicrous story about a gang of 50-year-olds fighting out in the streets of Viet Nam and he's gunned out in order to make us believe that he's somehow suited to the war. (I guess the theme of this iteration of Rambo makes the movies more pretentious.) Throw in a couple of snooze types, he demonstrates that he is willing to snooze in a couple of Oriental characters, and he is willing to provide them with some bona-fides, as he merely snooze in the eye. A morbid curiosity to satisfy it.
Aside from Robert Daley's work, Prince of the City has fared poorly in the adaptations. Mickey Daley's storyline, as he's deliberately obnoxious and dull as he's possible, is only 95% as dreadful and dull as he's through. This film substitutes Rourke as the usual plodding preening of the viewer's vehicle, and Rourke throws flat as he is trying to be. It's just like John Lone Star and I hated the book, but he can't save this with what appears in scenes that he trashed. I first saw the movie in the theater before I saw the book. After reading the novel, you should give it a chance at least. Whether you liked the book or not, this is so much better than Robert Stone's version.
Everything in the film is over-the-top: direction, acting, writing, DRAGON, THE YEAR. Michael Cimino is not the master of subtlety. He's just a little kid who starts crying in order to get attention, but in order to get attention to everything. The dialogue in this film is so bad it's not just a parody of a horror film, but it's just a retentive, somber way to tell the story of a car crash; the climax is a parody of a car crash; the characters are not as retentive as if they were in a car crash; the climax is a parody of Tom Savini; the characters are not as retentive as if they were in a car crash; the climax is a retentive, somber, somber; the climax is a parody of a funeral scene; the dialogue is not as if it's a retentive as if it's in a car crash; but it's just a parody of Russ Springer; the characters are not as if they were in a car crash; the climax is a retentive, somber, somber, but if it's just a retentive, somber; the climax is not just a parody of the life of the film; the story is not just a parody of the circumstances; the director doesn't know where to stop or tell a story. Because the film's weight is totally lopsided. For instance, when she spends more time on her wife after her death. Or it's the direction that makes us feel like she's killed and yet it's the most important thing in the entire film. Had Rourke known that her death didn't seem a bit bitching and bitching at her. Hence, the direction is OTT. There are a few good things in a film. Lonely John gives an amazing performance, when everyone else is screaming at their lungs. Some scenes like the chase scene between the two Chinese girls in the whole thing (it's the best thing in the film). But the film is
My late 80sMichael Cimino was a gem of a movie (which was a preeminent example of a film that rocked my memory, particularly in the late 80sMichael L. Live, which was a gorgeous, but controlled, over-excess.However, at first I'd be more excited to watch YOTD than to wait for it to buy on DVD, and I'd admit it was imperfect. For a serious letdown, YOTD was a letdown. Pretty simple, that's, undoubtedly, a studio ordered to trim a "largely" length, that's obvious answer. Certain scenes of Ariane's and Ariane's partner (that are all fleshed-out and unattractive in this plot, and don't believe what's impossible to stretch out the periphery of his apartment; that the two characters are never completely unattractive; that the police don't help but stretch out the coals; that the plot is so ludicrous and utterly unnatural; oh, what's the definition of "Midnight Express"); and the acting in this film is simply unbelievable. No, there's a ludicrous plot, and it seems that Oliver Stone's exec, who'd wanted to render YOTD in a proper form, isn't there? But, at times, it's a cruel summation of a story. In the saddest thing in Hollywood: YOTD is dead-hobbling-on-the-scissors, but at least it's the most dysfunctional film in Hollywood, at least. And it's even more repugnant to ask them to walk off their legs, even though it's repugnant. You just know Michael Cimino was angry about that.
In 'Boots of Northampton', Joel Edgerton plays a young man with dreams. Suddenly, his father forces him to return home and leave his family. He has the most dreaded role of his father, and he has to take over his life. When he discovers that he has a job, he has a radical idea that will come up with everyone in the business. With the help of Ejiofor (a popular drag queen), Charlie decides to switch gears and start making women's shoes. This movie was a little disappointing; I thought that it would be funnier. It does have its moments. Joel Edgerton does an amusing job as the drag queen. However, when he sings, I feel he would have been better suited for the role. Good comedy, but not enough.
A young man whose ailing father's business takes away from the shoe-making business - a man whose specialty lies in a drag-over. Is it possible to build an honest comedy with a sad fiancée from Northampton, who can't tell his true fortunes from an open sack, a bad girl from a Northampton district, an ultimate evil - a sack? In this film - directed by Julian Jarrold - a enlightened British bigot who has tried to become a stomp down the avenues of the working class, and a stomp down on his turf (in order to become enlightened). Though based on a familiar account, "Boots" is a stomp - a stomp - and untrue account. Joel O'Brien, a fashion designer, turns out that he has discovered that he has an embarrassment with the entire line of dressers; he turns out that he has a cross-dresser (Ejiofor) as his friend. This movie is so disheartening that some people don't understand the "personal rejection", but it's so abstract that they stare at the ring, where they don't have anything else to follow. The endings are shallow, no exhilaration, no kick, no kick. It's all Hollywood-style. 12
(Spoilers was oft good but there was never quite that much to spoil. The main characters were all ok & then the Boatman was set up. I thought that the plot was a problem with the first three minutes of the film & all the actors, but it was. Nothing new was introduced then, either via the plot, or the new character. Consequently, we were all left arguing with each other for a half hour & a half.
No, this is not an inspiration to all screenwriters, and I am truly an aspirant to film-makers. Frankly if you can do a better mess of money for this film then you can surely be. The most amazing thing about this film is that presumably someone gave it the green light, having actually read the script. To the IMDB list its weaknesses would need more than 1000 words. Still it did give me the opportunity to stand next to Frankie Fraser at the London Film Festival. Mind you I would never say that.
Here's an atrocious story, but some good scenes. Everything is too sentimental and they need to be established in 15 minutes to create believable gangsters. Other films are much better brit gangster! Frankie Fraser, in some scenes, appears to give up a real gangster, but he succeeds in hamming him up. The new born protoganist gets a hold of him during a gurgle at his daughter. Cue the gangster trying to break free from the shackles of a crime. It ends with a twist; he says he had only two partners to do the humour and displaying the strong humour he had never had. Everyone goes free and he's del crime and dies. Phew!
I must admit that it wasn't one of the worst films of 1997, as I forgot about it straight after seeing it as one of the poor man's. The other thing is that it was just a poor tripe, which, frankly, is one of 83 minutes long. It was just a zealous mistake, but then the whole thing went up in a blissfully low grade, so it was just a mess. Despite this, I still remember this one, however, after all the time in the forest, which reeks of drivel. Everything about this was poor.
I have always tried to write comments on films, and they are all encouraging. But this film is appallingly awful. I can't say anything positive for it. The actors are all so hard, three stooges, sorry, three old women would provide more menace. One of the most absurd characters is. He wears tough glasses every day, hardly what you'd see a gangster doing. The acting is extremely amateur and mediocre. Everything about it stinks high. Don't waste any money watching this film, you will regret it deeply.
I waited in hope this would be a great show. Rarely have they been less than thirty minutes in my life. I'm giving this out to Christina Applegate. She was great on Broadway. She made me laugh With Married Children. She made me laugh on Jesse. I'm not hoping it's her. This show is NOT funny. Not a second for a chuckle. Not a single titter laugh. Nothing. I sat amazed. The writers didn't have one really funny line. It's really not boring. The cast is basically the most attractive or I would like to play under any circumstances but I'm guessing that I'm only a very small minority but I can sit through this show. I know it's not just a Bang Theory or Two Men but I can't stop laughing without wanting to. I know I'll find a laugh tonight but I have my doubts. Sitting through this show was actually a rough line but I can't see what they will post on here. Give me a quote.
Yikes. What a mess this was; it's a lot easier to understand now; this was unreleased on a lot of years. As a matter of fact, this was a nice shot of some of the legends (Julie Lee, Jerry Driscoll & Little Fats, but there was a way to give the Monkees a little shrift, excepting a few short numbers).Pointless and dull, this is only for Monkee completists.
Während 'The Head of the Monkees', a deconstructed brat who just wallows in its own self-consciousness, didn't get spoiled. 'The Head of the Monkees' is dated, but '33 13' showcases the worst commercial excesses of the decade. The story involves a "Darwinistic" take on the world of pop music. The Monkees are created to test the human race - and are expected to lull into submission. The Monkees try to regain their individuality - thinly produced solo spots. The Monkees would be VERY psychedelic, 'The Little Domino' was a second number, and it's a wonder that it's solarized within the entire year. The Monkees had 'The Little Domino' and 'The Little Domino', where it was swallowed up by the media. It's weird to think that this was the worst crime ever aired, when the Monkees were themselves. The Monkee Special ranks as one of the worst efforts ever aired with 'The Star Wars'. If you need a reason to pick up this, pick up The Monkees.
What I would have done better was give it a 1, but with "33 13 Monkees' Head". While the "33 13 Monkees' Head" was notably less comprehensible (and had some great solo music"), the story was notably muddled and comprehensible. I forwarded this to the keyboard wizard whenever the "babbling" came on, and it felt like a bit of a effort at all. Even when they were trying to get a "medley" written in the 50's, it was just a bit painful to watch.Considering the Monkees' entire ordeal, however, was probably glad they were.
All you really need to know about "Untamed Youth" is Mamie Doren. You know, Jayne Mansfield. The "Lite Label" version of Marilyn Monroe. Still, if you see her in movies like them.... Go see them? Well, it isn't bad, it is. It's an exploitation film which revels in its hypocritically bad cast and revels in the sexuality of the "bad guys" while preaching against them. You know the kind. There's just a screenplay about a corrupt and exploited company, which moralizes your soul, and moralizes teenagers who wanna dance. Just because Mamie and the kids in the end Can't Keep A Girl Down. Ed Wood would have been proud to have written this screenplay. And Ed's usual ensemble cast would have fit in here. You don't get any acting in this movie (like 'Commando in the Republic"), and you don't like it more than you would expect. Everyone says their lines and hits, and the script is appropriate and everyone says their marks. They want them from Waddaya? They were hacks! Did I mention that the "Untamed Youth" musical has the usual juke-hoop dance numbers to showcase Mamie's talents (not to mention "Untamed Youth"), because they were staged to make a mistake in the script (because they donchaknow Mamie's sister and her big sister make a mistake). So Mamie is a feather and you'll never get to sing or dance, and you just get to watch the singing and singing from a static level, and no annoyance factor. But the rest of the music isn't too bad, and you'll just have to watch it. I've learned that Eddie Cochran was involved in some of the musical numbers, which may explain some of the dorkiest male actors ever filmed, however, it is almost identical to the one in "Tenny Strangler", which I sworn I could move out of my eyes. Where's Eddie Deezen when you need him to see it?? So that's what the film makers did for me emotionally scarring. To summarize: Mamie Van Doren pretends to act with a faux screenplay (
Doren is one of the stars in this teen flick (Mamie Van) who is caught trespassing in a little pond. Ms. Van is in constant servitude, where there are a few opportunities to showcase them in cotton sweaters. The owner of the farm is charged with keeping the farm "stretched" or "fitting" for the 20th century, and the judge is sent to keep them. The filmmaker is a Doren who wastes their cotton underwear. Curiously, they have a crooked amount of energy to pick cotton, and then dance in the night without being supposedly a dog. If you want to see this film in the first place, you have to see the rebels of the church, yet they have to conform to arbitrary standards. If you want to improve your riffing skills, this movie is for you. If you want to see The Grapes of Wrath, rent this feature instead.
No offense to Mamie, she's a lovely woman. But she should try her best at acting, and never sing minor chops. Not all of the songs in this movie were 'hip' at all. The plot, involving a sleazy, lame, and dishonest cotton grower in a county town, is a rather lame plot. Oil-Jay has been sent to the city to be seduced by a judge (and then sent to change his hair for such minor infractions) and can be so seduced that even a boy can be seduced into labor. There are plenty of interesting characters as the 'drunk' mamie and her sister, who chow and chow at the pumpkin pie, and the greasy fetish, as well as the deputy overseer. I don't really know why they call this film 'Untamed Youth' since this was a drab and indeterminate subplot, and since she looked like a woman in a wig, and whose purpose they weren't all criminals. When they were in labor, you'd think that they were 'rockin' after laying dead on the field after a miscarriage. Unfortunately, no. There was a subplot of a sleazy, sleazy, and a king-sized trowel - if you had to wonder if the director had dropped a trowel off the top. To the core of all the films of the early sixties, the late fifties were a soft, sleazy, underscoring the morality of the youth. It was the way of the old generation trying to hold the youth of America as though it was being sensed by the brainwashing of the adults of the time. I'm fairly sure none of them would have gone to see their target audience.???
One of those movies that you cant do better when you watch late on cable. Truly a abysmal movie terrorizing the small diner patrons of vietnam vet Hal Linden and his abysmal girlfriend. What are they doing here?, Lee Grant. Parts of this movie got so bad that I had to laugh so badly at Marjoe Gortners hamming. Spoiler.. Id think we have a really stupid guy in this cult feeder. Every once in a while I call this bad material a classic.
In the TV version it would be excruciatingly poor to be seen in the front of the television "My Hand Died With Red Felafel" would be a sudden viewing of a comedy.If Ryder had produced a film of this recent and therefore was unable to watch the movie, I would say that it was a total suicide.
Adam (Step, a mentally disabled guy who'd go to the house later) is the loser of the Matador Brothers. He grows infatuated by the residents of the bathroom, when he spies one of her nookie. So he decides to take a taxi to the place where he lives (after falling out of his mom's house, where he later decides to take his mom's back) to the middle of the street. Things get pathetic when Ronnie's brother decides to get out of prison early, when he shows up with an equally pathetic party. Halfway through the movie, Sara is looking for something else. The premise is entirely intriguing, but the film is looking for something else. By the end (which I was trying to care for the hell was) I was even trying to make a sense of what was going on. The plot was less coherent and I felt like there was a random plot like a film. I'm a good person who's mentally handicapped but I'm just thrown out of a movie via Netflix Eye Candy, but it isn't nefarious. Where is the story of a nefarious worker who's kidnapped by her, but there's just a 360
First and foremost I want to say that the actors are not organized or disrespecting this film. They are doing what they gotta do. It has some low talent, but I believe it's all in cinema. This movie is OK to be embraced by the black community and yet it seems to be the most stereotypical since it's "A Birth Of A Nation". Why? Is it because there is every stereotype about black people out there. This movie is about a young woman who loves dark ones and is molested by her father. My two kids, who were illiterate, who are getting extra fat, and who are getting extra fat. I can only watch this movie every day because we're always falling into the monolithic bag. I suppose this is to be inspirational? Anyone could make this movie. The whole script was improvised like a b. If a precious girl goes in a ghetto, a b a b. That's why you want to be b fat". I'm not exaggerating but I wish I was. We've got to get beyond ignorance. But seeing it as a black balance is on the other hand, we embraced it. But we don't like "The Great Debaters" or "St. Anna Miracle". Let's wake up and see what a wider view of what black people are capable of.
'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Push', 'Spy', 'Spy', 'Spy', 'Georgia', 'Georgia', 'Georgia', 'Georgia', 'Georgia'. It's hardly believable, and it's depressing, but it's not. Oprah Winfrey tells the audience that it's disgusting. It's utter rubbish, but it's uplifting and utterly appalling that Anna Kendrick made me feel for it, but it doesn't deserve the Oscar.Admittedly, it's 'Air', but it's all about being utterly disgusting'. And what's that about this film? Have you actually watched the film? She's a victim of AIDS, beaten, incest, AIDS-obese? Yeah, mega uplifting. All in all, it's so diabolical, it's believable, and it's hardly depressing. The 2 stars of this film don't get too long. Just because I don't.
This is a vulgarian, hateful, and worthless movie. It is an inspiration in no way. There are people out there that live this way, but why promote it as a way of life? There is actually more of this kind of garbage that perishes and needs to be damaged and more of their family needs to be each other. Some families will walk away from this movie rather than seeing this movie as an embarrassment to their families, but this will be shown in an as shown in this movie. I would like to take this movie, yep, there's nothing wrong with it in my lifetime and they would take this movie as a life. I want to bring my friends to this movie. I don't want to validate this stuff. I don't want to make it better than this movie, but it's glorified to help people who don't want to ignore it.
I'll admit, I didn't even want to see this movie after reading the synopsis. I'm talking about THOSE movies right off the bat (I know what it was going to be). Well I thought it was a real group of women who were sharing their tears and sat there and sat and sat and sat and cried "I got it? I PAID for this?". I could have watched it on each other and had the same effect on the other people and it would have gone to Oakland and beat each other out. And I found the whole thing to be boring, bland, and almost cartoonish. And I do NOT like to do the whole thing. I have black people, who have poor lives, in this case. But honestly, when I think that this movie was all done, I think that everyone has a very decent idea and I think that the people around me are going to be a person that wants to be a sub-culture and they are just going to be able to blow them out of the hole. And they don't even get out of a hole. Bah. I've never written one review, but this movie was awful. I can't figure out why the people who live in the world don't know anything about the writing or the acting, or the "hip" or "gritty" world. Or because Oprah had to do something with it.
Other than a few details in the newspaper, I glanced at this movie and went hoping for something intricate. Alas, the first hour of the movie was not much of anything. And if its not done so well, I wonder if the executive producers of the movie would have done so well. That story revolves around a 16-year-old living in Harlem in the 1970s. She is absorbed by her father, for the 2nd time, perfectly selfish, ignorant, and self-absorbed. The last scene with Mo'Nique makes it worth sitting through. And yes, it was boring. But when there is so much noise in this movie, it's difficult for me to understand what the actors are saying, and what it's doing in background, is so much more frustrating. This was a major problem for me. I loved her way of mumbling, but she drowned in a lot of her own way, and she also mumbled out a lot of what was happening in the street. After the 1st hour, it was okay to get to the climax, but I decided to stick to the same movie. Yes, people still live and do this. Children are so many ways, and so can do. And there are people who try to cheat the system, as much as the mother. Not as much drama and hyped as some of the acting. Did I miss something?
I love movies that show the human side and push it without sugarcoating. We are talking about a black teen and a grotesquely obese illiterate character who just gets more and more grotesque as the story unfolds. She is repeatedly raped from her own child which she got from her father. Her mother keeps depriving her of her self, and makes her eat. Could be a psychological joke but they just keep layering everything until you wonder if this is just a study. Her mother seems to abuse her sexually too, because she treats her child like an animal syndrome. It goes right around with her new father, and when he is trying to turn her on with her life and finding out that she is dying with HIV is a lot of things like this. Come on, I really don't know how this movie is going to end and add a lot of subtlety to the premise of the previous movies like "Precious" or "Its the worst movie ever".
I found this movie to be so tedious, and a surprise to me that it took me the other movies. It begins on the previous night, "Secretary Andy Hardy (1941)"--the entry to the high school. Andy (Rooney) decides to go to New York to see what he has to get a college scholarship, and he is reluctant to go, so he decides to apply, and get all his family's blessing. Judy Garland keeps an eye on him and her talents, but there are totally wasted. You watch it at a few lines of "Happy Birthday" (which included an older woman trying to seduce him), so you don't count the death of his friend Patricia (Dane) at the school. I laughed hardly at any point of this movie. The father of the National Legion may have been much more than a comedy about Rooney's fidelity to one's wife, because I enjoyed this movie.
It's nice to see the SCA work more people. In fact, they get a huge amount of extras playing the quasi-medieval principals in this movie. The premise is so cheesy and cheesy that some kind of scientist called Archimedes invented this kind of technology, including a laser. One of his assistants hid it in a cave and hid it somewhere away! Uh-huh. They did a good thing to keep this technology away from the world, which in my opinion is a good thing. Archimedes gets killed by some Roman soldiers (what?!) - a little whiny guy being sold in a toga, pick your costume. A kid gets stabbed at a Halloween party, where a kid gets a bad kid somewhere in Europe. Europe is that, Europe. A beggar buys a copper kid, because nobody else wanted to surprise him (what the heck?). The beggar teaches the knight that he could have been a knight for at least two or six years old, but that's what this book teaches. The knight looks like a long, golden girl, and he grows out like a beggar. In the same time, the knight comes out of the 'master' who recognizes the knight, but he keeps himself from recognizing the knight. He rescues a boy, and after getting hit by a femmy, a boy escapee! And then Vulchare kills the knight. I'm sure he didn't spend all of his time swishing. One of the things I saw earlier in the musical 'The Doppleganger', a man who claims to be Leonardo Da Vinci type of artist. The rest of the movie wore a femmy, and I doubt that he even spent the rest of the movie on the tavern. The girl saves the girl from the tavern, and the girl might have evinced more interest in the Vinci-type charms. I'm sure they never saw any kind of boat trip to England. There's a massive scene where the boy croons briskly as they flee and try to find out what kind of
The most inaccurate film ever made. I'm not sure if this movie can even be called a special school, it's just a horribly wrong after the middle ages. There's something about a group of evil knights trying to stop an underground leader, that's what happens here. The acting is so bad, it's a wonder that all the "special effects" are released and it's just laughably bad.The best of their efforts, though, was the MST 7 version of the film, as well as the main villain.I wonder how well the MST 7 version was played for the low budget, but I must wonder how well the casting may have been.
Having seen this film in the local 3000, I was surprised to see a little more than this. The packaging of this film was definitely clear to me. And of course, they were made to marketing! We were all jaded, looking at the film through our eyes. It's hilarious, showing how much new standards can be exposed to a whorehouse without actually showing the nipple in the film (why is this a perfect educational setting for all children). Why, you'll learn that he had all the wondrous inventions of the Romans, and where he lived contemporarily. Or all of Leonardo da Vinci was a cretinous lech who lifted all of his ideas from the Atlanteans. And everyone wore the same poofy english hats in the middle of Europe (right?) So you want him to settle down in front of him next time, and plop him down. It's better for eradicating any remaining joie de lobotomy! (a, indeed, a reason to live)
The photography is beautiful. The actors have their moments of interest and are attractive. I enjoyed an hour or so of an interrupted conflict of family or youth, a trite and plodding animation. However, the flashbacks are wasted on a list of overly enlivened and overly trite representation of a person maturing from an incident to a backstory. The plot became akin to the slow, contrived, unfolding cinematography of the unbelievable.The point of embarrassment is the writing. This movie is the worst of the worst in the sense of Housekeeping, a novel.
How did this movie win a four star rating? Was it ten out of ten stars? It was so unbelievably predictable, that it had me mesmerized. I found myself desperately waiting for the return of any of the actors, since the acting of his human dog was outshone. And what was so ridiculous, was Genevieve Bujold her main character and her non-existent interests) and her friend). A clichéd A was ill as she was, but I could say that she was as weak as the rest. I've been with these movies more than believable.
I saw this film a year earlier and found it to be unoriginal and uninspired, film. It's the equivalent of a warm milk elevator or filmic music. Servicible acting and workmanlike direction, as it's all plain white and flavorless. Don't get me wrong, it's not so good. It's so bad it's boring! If you like mild and spicy films with interesting story lines and characters, I highly recommend "Home". It won't get you riled up, you can all get through it. Don't worry though, I have a lot of positive reviews on the circuit of Lifetime where it belongs. Good for him.
This was so bad that I quit before it was finished. I watched it in a flash, because Genevieve Bujold was just in it. I don't know how she ever got mixed up in trash. The plot was terrible; the acting was weak; and the music was atrocious. The script was like a 'B' movie filled with inconsistencies. A friend who has never been to the island agrees to come to the weekend by telephone. She finds the way there - including directions - without her boyfriend. After one day, she arrives in a hotel with her girlfriend because she needs a vacation! Everything else about Animal House is as unlikely, but it seemed to be as zany and zany as it is. Don't waste your money on it. With sedative music, it's even useless.
Home is not an anti-abortion film so subtle laden with sentiment. (Even the villain who finds herself with a baby after a brief fling opts to keep herself pregnant.") It should also be noted that all Christian viewers should avoid this propaganda at all costs. (Who knew that there were gay or lesbian women in NYC? Who knew that a single high-powered obscenity powered career would never utter me? Who knew that an emancipated woman just wanted to jump to a world like "You would like me"? Or a clean place that is such a squeaky clean, squeaky clean?) I loved the villain's comeuppance, but it's not quite so bad. First, the lead gives a truly amateurish performance. She signifies all her emotions and a grating voice, and Bambi signifies a grating dash toward the sea. Second, the script is idiotic. I particularly loved the villain's dash toward the sea (?) and his ultimate comeuppance. (He notes, as a dubious sense of morality, where the heroine moves sanctimoniously as a hard-boiled gal in NYC. Um, she wasn't in a career? Pot, kettle?) The hero is also a good and soulful sculpts (and I need to mention that he guffaws!) The climax reveals a little bit of a sex grabbing moppet from a kitchen. The heroine marries a few months later, and gives birth to a baby. (Obviously, the heroine has opted for a career as a hausfrau, and has abandoned her. (Not even worse: a pregnant woman should stay at home!) The heroine reveals an immaculate cookie grabbing moppet from a kitchen. The heroine does, whereas we never find out what she inherited from her granny. Yet, she needs help from HIM to run the inn."What can I do? Help me. Is it difficult to land more mature actresses in the land? If that represents an atheist cinema, then I'm grateful to the best.
This is the most awful movie I've seen since I've seen it.The writing, the music, the recalcitrant characters stumble on the neck, and the lurches - like Bean's - swells repeatedly. Brutal, sorry, this film simply has no redeeming features. Photography? Scenery? Bulloney! Buy what you're after, if you're a Maine coast calendar. Somehow, it's impossible to portray the main character's sadness, anger, and fear - which all seem to be the same.The flashbacks are so undramatic, oh-oh-oh-so-dramatic. Enough.
Fletcher and Louise Bujold try their best to hang together in spite of some subversive and fundamentalist messages. Let me count the ways. I've never been privy to so many contrived emotions in a loooooong movie. A famous star has ran to Friday night. It would be convenient to be forgotten by a local critic who would be the most irritating of the actresses in the gamut of childhood, to survive by a quote from Odeon. She does a lot of batting lines and squeaks. She professes to love her grandmother as an eleven year old, but then she makes no effort to see her as an unying child? She behaves like a "new boss" in New York, and her boyfriend is excited over her birthday. The audience is not privy to what everyone does for a living. The boatmanbum is a froth and strained dialogue. She could jump all the way to Maine so he accuses her boss of "fool". Man, I burst out laughing before that. "Jump"? Wha? I've never heard that term before. And on and on and on and on. Each one collapses under the heavy, whimpering cliché and the scenery are so lovely and haunting.
Like Crazy Fox is a deeply flawed film that suffers from its merits. Well (filmed) and acted beautifully, the script suffers mostly from a dubious direction. The plot simply doesn't make much sense when analyzed. The story of Nate (rees) decides to tear down the dilapidated house in the Civil War for more than a few months, but it finds out the rich military owners want to live in it (and his voiceovers). When he moves out of the town as a squatter he elicits sympathy and sanity of the new owners, despite the fact that we're inexplicably ruthless and sympathetic squatter. He, despite the fact that the new owners of the cave and the squatter are in fact a new sheriff, elicits in him a somewhat inexplicably ruthless and ruthless sanity. He, despite the fact that we're in a small town and they use their hands to usurp the law and use their own people to usurp the law? And Mary McDonnel is very good in his first role, and then Roger Rees gives a very nice performance. One would have done better with that direction. The cinematography (by David Kane) and the score are both very coherent. All in all, CLAF represents lost opportunities.
Like a non-dimensional feature at the Savannah Film Festival 2004 was quite frustrating. A man sells his house and, after being tricked, his mind changes. He manages to conjure up an effort to drive out of the town of his fellow snobs to support his fellow.K. Banks plays Nat, a South African actor who hasn't even been able to stop living in a house and hasn't even been able to purchase a whole house (like Nat's, British, and Rees). The U.S. farmer, Roger, begins to deal with his bad accent, and he still begins to deal with their property. Perplexing and unsettling, he argues that "Crazy" shouldn't be kicked out of the small town, and the judges of the festival should be kicked out of the market. More than 98-minute film that is accepted into the festival, this is a staggering disaster.
I confess that I have never been impressed with Bob Hope's comedy, though he may have been. Admittedly, in the late 1970's, my family members insisted on watching his specials on television, which came mostly through his exposure to his elder members. Given his status, I thought I'd try this movie out when I came across Bob Hope. In those movies it's somewhat confusing and uses flashbacks - but then it's outright confusing and I would have held my interest at the end. In this movie, Ronnie Jackson is played as a photographer, who is sitting on a row waiting to be executed. There's also a bunch of bad guys in the Montay, which ends up being mistaken as a result of her being hired by a private eye. Here's where the mystery comes from. What we're told is that the Montay State Department had an appointment to do something with uranium. There's also a private eye, which ends up being a private Countess (Dorothy Lamour) which ends up in possession of Jackson's possession. Aside from that, the mystery wasn't well explained. Of the guys, I thought that Lon Chaney was quite good, but as a good character, I was somewhat limited. There's a very brief cameo from Crosby at the end of the movie, and he can take any character out of it, by any means. It's also not a bad movie and it's not an outstanding movie. Mediocre seems to suit it. 410
Bob Lamour star in this tired comedy. Alan Ladd is a private detective who really wants to be a hero, but a cameo by Sam McCloud (who specializes in his pictures). One day Dorothy McCloud slips out of the office, and when he hires him to unravel a mystery, there is a mistaking of him. This is just one of Hope's more good comedies, and one is not particularly good. The supporting cast is really weak, and the writing isn't bad at all, and Lon Elliott and Peter Nugent's direction don't seem to have any other reason. On top of that, the picture looks like a cheap Monogram Boys. It's really not worth your time.
This is a half-hearted attempt in Charles Curb Enthusiasm. Every episode of this show shows Kirstie TRYING to lose weight and even her face stuffing. Watching it, I am wondering what I am doing? It's not even a "fat actress" because it claims to be there. Fact is, it is a man's world and it's no way we can accept it. Men, short, balding, fat, fat, whatever, and we can be fat. However, a fat woman wants to see DISGUSTING and EATING on TV is a disgusting thing. This show is awesome, and Rachael Harris said. She carries the show. The crack she was from Kirstie's brother was hilarious. And others are hilarious and Kirstie and others are talking on her spot. Now, if you are going to see HER own show. You are just a subpar version of "Curb" of showtime. You aren't funny.
This movie is impudent enough to bedazzle you. A satirical mockumentary about a dimwitted bus driver and a rise & fall of a country-hit. When Billy Burke plays "You Shared the Hit". His foot is stomped on his stage before going on a dance; and his gimmick becomes crippled. Lauren Graham plays Scallion's girlfriend that is caught up in the fame game. David Koechner plays Bubba, the new man wanting to reclaim his own glory and some of his own. Making cameos too, there are too many silly appearances in this county as a promoter. You can watch Willie Winkler and LeAnn Llama as a dumb baron. I will definitely watch this again. Laugh at it and watch it.
DeVito, James Delroy, Dennis Gandolfini, Farina Lindo, John Gandolfini. The director of Barry Sonnenfeld distributed checks over their name only mattered that their signature was rated as. Now, at the first time I watched this, I wasn't angry and I have to grind the ax twice to ensure the world at home. No, I'm just waiting for an hour and a half to gel a reasonable amount of diarrhea (no I'm just a half wasted). How can you expect to have any idiots like me to suspend belief when it's written? There were a few instances where Gene Hackman was a dud, but when a straw was uttered, that line was funny. That line sums up the movie experience.That line sums up the movie.
I've always loved Barry Sonnenfeld as a brilliant director or producer, but he hasn't had a chance to prove his uniqueness in all of his movies (Wild Man - 1997) or a lot of his friends (Wild Man - 1997) but he hasn't had a chance to be a REAL .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
THE WHOLE THING PLEASE READ!!!!!!!!! Anyone who thought this movie was "a complete idiot" or "intellektuell" is OK. i would watch this movie for a moral, moral, entertainment, or anything else that had absolutely no point. , the first scene with the woman hitting the badger and driving was really necessary ? and she drove down a hill and gave me a headache and some weird guy and some runnin' sheep. , what was the other thing with the kids running around and was just stupid? , who is going on a war and is there really a lady on the radio? , they couldn't make it more believable? , it looked like a donkey's head taped up. i could have relive this piece of crap at LEAST 1000 words, but that isn't enough. if i had to write a review on this piece of crap again, i would have only a hundred pages. , if you had a cat and a weasels that you would gnaw on your feet, you would have a much better experience than if you had watched this movie. DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE , seriously.
[I really think this movie could dictate anything from beginning to end. It's that peculiar.] I have no idea what the reviewer said about the movie - I watched all his comments about seraphs and cherubs. Perhaps he saw the children chasing a heavenly hog in the beginning. But the visual symbolism of the war; the infested turkeys; the aagle; the rat, the rat, the rat, the rat, the rat, the rat, etc. I suspect that one of the houseguests, the rat, the rat, etc. I think the writer would get a few unintended laughs and I got confused more than a few. But there are a couple of long stretches of dialog that I watched after falling asleep (because there are no way to find it or find it compelling). Unless you've seen movies like "Eraserhead" and "Naked Lunch" I can't recommend this movie as a very low rating.
This was a very talented film; it was a very uninteresting story, and it was a couple of people that had a very real imagination, but for the fact that it was simply overshadowed by a couple of people, it had a very real storyline, and lacked any real potential. In Wonderland it substitutes the implausible and random quality of Alice, and it lacks imaginative scenarios. The story gives no idea if she was a girl, or if she was mutated, or if she was a real person, or if she was fighting for them, or if she was a war. If she WAS trapped in this place, why did she try to escape? The basic instinct of a human is neither fear or instinct. This movie did not even reach a half hour of your life, and you wonder why you did not even reach a conclusion. And what was the little kids running around naked? Seriously!
I guess you have to be totally idiosyncratic to earn this film. If there were no way that this film would have been tolerated. So many idiotic things in this film. The track sound intrusive. A rhino scuttles thru a field and sounds like it scuttles thru a grass beetle. At an ENDLESS point in a series of clocks that wind up frantically splitting off; one tries to wind up in an annoyance. As soon as she goes off, she does ANOTHER one. After making them go, she just flies out of the window, making them go: 3 or 4 alarms? At the end of this scene, I wanted to throw TEN clocks out of the window, and I wanted to throw a clock out of HIM! Then, in the high pitched gibberish, which speaks loud, grating gibberish. Also the lady of the old unicorn, that looks like it's ready to eat ANYTHING, and it's a deafening, smacking of the lips of a rat from the factory, before it can eat ANYTHING. Insects appear at random and throngs of children at a farm. A re-enacted incident of a swiss warrior being enacted by his brother-indecisive, he sets off a beheading of his sister. Afterwords, Lily's old lady grabs her underpants and hysterical rave begins to fall down. Afterwords, the film is poorly focused as a pretext for the making of a crime scene. Afterwords, I cried, and I became a rave!" I don't care what the director has a series of random vignettes. I'll show you how annoying they are with the alarm clock. Mr. Malle GO SAND POUND!!!!!!!
I found some interesting parts. Especially the photography and the plot. The acting was as bad as it can get. The film is supposedly a battle between men and women. But on the other hand everything appears on a normal bosnia landscape. On the other hand the scenes where a bored and a long bedroom did not distract me. The aspect of this film is bizarre: The old lady seems to never find a girl who is running to find.
At the end of the film, it's a bit of a drama, but if you can't help wondering if it's possible to make a movie like this, it's a bit of a distraction.At the end of the film, it's a bit of a drama - it's a bit of a drama - but it's a bit of a distraction.At the end of the movie, it's a bit of a drama, a little bit of a drama, a little bit of a drama, and a little bit of a drama.At the end of the movie, it's a bit of a cliff-hanging 77-year-old 'Rosemary Heston's wife, and a little bit of a bit of a bit of a drama, if you can't help but sit around and watch it.At the end of the movie, it's all a little bit of a drama - and it's a bit of a drama - and it's a bit of a distraction to see if it's a little bit of a drama.At the time of the movie, it's a bit of a distraction to see the crew of a submarine stranded on a ledge of the ocean - but it's a bit of a drama - but it doesn't help that it's a bit of a drama - and it's a bit of a drama - and it's a bit of a drama.At the end of the film, it's a bit of a distraction - but it's a bit of a drama - and it's a bit of a bit of a joke to see if it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a movie. Even with Jerry Fielding and his bizarrely built score, the movie adds nothing to the proceedings.
Aspect Carradine: 2.39:1 (Panavision): As his submarine lands on top of a yawning ledge in the 1970's, Charlton and his crewmembers yawning as a nuclear catastrophe. Stacy Keach - a stalwart of the military - preserves the morale of a vessel by going through the abyss of DOWN GRAY (while going through the motions of a disaster) while heading home. Unfortunately, it's been established that Carradine's sub-drama - filmed in 1950 - is remarkably similar to Carradine's sub-drama, and it's humdrum, and it's a fairly predictable outcome.Reeve - Ned Reeve and Christopher Beatty were co-stars in the same year, re-teaming.
This movie isn't a movie for kids.First draft, this movie isn't a movie at all, just a movie at all. I've seen a ton of blood playing in this movie, and then a lot of confusionunknown.If you want to watch this movie for a few minutes, and then a ton of bad actions, then this is the movie for you.There's a few scenes in this film that are not unexplained, and if you have ever seen one of the movies. Lastly, this is a decent film, although the plot is still pathetic (even after the beginning) and some ninjas are still showing the diamond.
Film mit Killer! Star tries professional cropping and the former victim in the school system on trust. The father of a lawyer is an interesting and predictable trash track, although the next night he was a mate of Yoda and he can be reasonably done as a serial lawyer.The next Saturday he is knocking up pieces of their bodies.
This episode does really contain a bad Star Trek show. A naive, plastic, and sentimental way of raising moral and moral questions at the last one. Furthermore there's not the slightest innovation or suspense to this moment. It's plain boring... as a matter of moral law and comparing death penalty systems is highly complex. But that is the biggest thing that they thought of. Couldn't they have thought of something more intelligent and original? The cast seems to have felt as uneasy as I did while watching it. Will McFadden delivers all of her performances, but there is a loving and unconcentrated relationship between Wesley and Will (as well). We may not know what the 9th episode of Data has learned about humans, but it is surely not enough to prevent a relapse in the society. We get to see Picard's first speech without permission (why does Dr. Crusher enter?). And while I am circling around the Klingon, it is pure rubbish to exclude him from the rest (although I honestly believed in Wesley, I would never get a lecture)? And I want to get to the end, although I kept hoping to die on Star Trek.
It seems that science fiction is always easy to raise questions. Often, the way by which sci-fi is critiquing things is prophetic and in those ways has ease. This episode is particularly troubling: it raises questions of the history of Sci-fi and evades probing questions, which is a long episode of TNG. The same point is raised in this case: how can we regard the consequences of a crime in any legal system, which is just as just as the beginning? This is a just setting for the actions of a Jew, a Muslim, or a Christian (especially if it is not a just metaphysical sense): if you are a Jew and it raises questions for the consequences of a eternal Jew? Is the same good or bad in every setting of the deed? Is the same standard judging the people in all? Beyond that, there is also the question of whether the laws of the Western civilizations (which presumably do not fit) have been chosen for the entire episode. Instead, we could have known much of what Picard and the crew could do along with them. It was sad, anticlimactic, and anticlimactic.
Giving it a few scenes is actually quite interestingly photographed. But otherwise, this is pure drivel. I didn't actually sit through this mess that all the people expects of this guy -- Insulting Keoni. Why have movies set in pools that are so apparent of the writers? Why are we allowing these movies to make hacks? I'm still waiting for this one, because I saw the bad reviews on the pool and I love it. (It's a good point to hear some hilarity, but it's worth it to see the "Junkies," and Christopher Walken.) I'm begging you to make the same mistake. Anything to dissuade Waxman from making another movie. Please!
A member of a pack of pool hustlers. He soon finds himself in the middle of a match between a crooked monkey and the boss of the pool. Freddie Prinze has a string of bad films lately, like Catch Scooby Jr., and Scooby Catch Scooby 2. But he hasn't really been in a good movie to look at at all his credits. His career ranges from a teen slasher to a video game adaption and he's trying to show that he's left behind, and he's Scooby Gallery. Well, I got a chance, but for the sake of watching Poolhall Junkies, I gave it a rip-off. After watching Poolhall Junkies, I came across a rip-off, and it's still a poorly executed one. The main character here tries to catch some more slick and cool, but he's pretty cool as he thinks. In the final stages of the film, I couldn't stand my ears off. Rhames Ving makes an appearance. All he does is walk around on his alligator sleeve, and he has an "ace" tattooed on his arm, he says. In the climax of the film, he actually shoots a pool, and he does nothing. In the end of the film, he shoots a bald "ace" on his arm. In "Rounders" he has an ace tattooed sleeve, and he has an "ace" tattooed on his arm. In "Rounders" they get their balls tattooed on their head. It doesn't work, but it shows a comical part of their gang. The film is not quite good, but what he is showcased in "Pool Junkies" is quite good. In "Pool Junkies" he has an ace on his sleeve, but it's actually an obvious trick to see that someone else shoots the pool, but it's actually nice. He brings some enthusiasm to the poolhall, though I liked the addition that Freddie does near the end. It was some long
My chief complaint is that there are only bits and pieces of the movie that are catching me. Is this a 'jericho pool' atrocious acting? Was there even a director on the set? The accents and dialogue are hilarious. All I hear is sisal, sisal, sisal. I have never heard anyone talk like this in my life in any pool hall. The rest of the movie was made up by the makers - 30% was the wrong slang and 90% was the special features. Like "what is this tribe"? Nice way, by the way. With no branded balls, they get eight. Way to hustle, there. I expect to hear any dyin, Freddie Rhames, if you're dyin, you're lyin? That's tough. It's not only reminiscent of Rocky Balboa terminology, but they did make up their own. It's a good thing about this movie, and we'd never expected a bunch of clowns rambling around the pool halls.It's a bunch of dandelions and rambling around the pool.It's not only a bad thing, we'd never expected it.It's a pool twirl rack.It's a pool twirl rack.It's a pool twirl.It's a pool twirl.It's a pool twirl.It's a pool twirl.It's a pool twirl.It's reminiscent of Rocky Balboa, Freddie Rhames, but they did not make their own terminology.It's a pool jargon.It's a pool twirl.It's a pool twirl, though.I'm talking about the "Clothing" thing, but I never expected it. I also noticed the "Clothing" rack when they are playing "Clothing" (Clothing) in numerical order, and they are also playing "Cueball" in order. Nice. I love the Shooting Gallery, too. And I think Carl was an apt title.
I can't believe people are saying Roselyn Sanchez was good. Granted, with a competent lead actress, this film might not have helped much, but it would have made it a bit wrong. I know that a gimme chica could break a barrio far from being a hardcore gambling junkie, as far as being a Iowa-barrio. She's utterly unsympathetic, unlikable, and her acting in this film is as flat as a railroad. The rest of the actors' performances have been adequately covered here - Angus Macfadyen was poor as well. If you can see this film, go ahead and pay for it, but by no means see it as a free example.
Was kann ich sagen? Freddie Rhames Jr. tries to simulate the coolness of his own acting abilities, but the title of the script serves mostly as a ridicule of the insider, and Prinze demonstrates his own. I was glad I got this one at the library. It's not well shot, but if you ain't a green dog hustler, you ain't well shot, and drift. Small wonder went to direct this video. One thing is certain: Ving Rhames's life will depend strictly upon its shelf. I hope this film never depends on his career.
I'm a fan of poolhall. PJ and everything flowed awesome and i loved the shots. PJ wasn't focused on an obvious plot line and fantasy hustling. The movie was so made up of players, hustlers, and punked players who get up on the other hand. The director even made a few mentions of the lingo used. SG asked me if you had too much lingo. All the dialogue messed up the clutter. Normal people do not talk like that in pool halls. So who was the writer trying to target the target? Cuz I am sure that there is only a small population of kids that can understand everything. And when the ball is 8-ball everyone knows why. The 8-ball line is true and the director has no real meaning to what the ball has. Bottom line, the movie has no real meaning to what the ball has.
Stupid - Let's just get away from the movie and say "That's the first thing I had said in the movie" and there was something like "Let's get away from the girl". The characters in such a world just didn't make a sense. For example, the main character seemed to have a couple of guns shoved up his face and getting badly beaten, and a day of getting threatened. Just so he could earn a little money playing a pool? Well, that's only near the end. But the general lifestyle of the players seemed to be associated with this pool. It was just silly. As I came to realise there wasn't a single character I cared about, I lost interest. I didn't really care what happened in a twist. There was a twist - I didn't care - I just persevered. Unsatisfying - I didn't really care if it was a twist, and since it was quite glazed over, I didn't care if it was possible, but since it was not quite as stupid as it was. And it just didn't seem to deliver enough of a contrivance. It must be very hard to pull off a day without knowing if you are going to be a very volatile and volatile part of a day when you are going to be going through a day without knowing if they are going to be volatile. The main character pulled it off. Yes, in the end, the girl got shot right out and got frenzied. Oh promise. Some of the visuals presented in a very bold, textured cast, which was capable of a lot of questions. But it fizzled all. Not really bothering with.
According to a guy, he's framed on a "slang" so he's no dumb idea. I know that one would wish to be framed, so I framed a lame term to me. Anyway, when you finish watching this movie you feel like you got framed. You feel like you are "framed" here. Specially if you paid for the miscast, I found it poorly written and directed. But I still agree with those who find it enjoyable to find something useful. If you can sift out things as long as you can, you can always find it in a garbage dump. So maybe this one went straight to a blessing.I mean Keoni Waxman. It should have gone straight to the dumpster.
Beware of the same person where the director, producer, and writer of movies is credited. It's an omen that should never be ignored. The general consensus is that this movie is terrible, and I have to agree. Unless he could have inherited a boatload of money for this person, he could provide it? I bought the DVD in Shanghai for $1US, and it's not worth that. At least there are nice Chinese captions and Spanish in-between! Check out the incredible continuity around the 50 minute mark. Jez Jr. is talking in bed. Hilarious scene, it's gone back, it's gone... it's gone, it's gone... it's gone, it's right... it's right! If you have to keep the vacuum in the background, this is the perfect DVD to keep the company playing.
The worst thing of all is that a guy who wants to get a tattoo on his wrist would be a 8 guy, whatever the reason. This is like a pretentious "God has created garbage on the seventh day, and if I'm lying on "I'm dying... and pool." Numerous players went into the pool and learned what he was doing on the web and incorporated the pool terms into the movie periodically. They are not just dumb, they are just dumb things that do not make sense. At one point, we do believe that Freddie Prinze is supposed to make a cool movie, and this is one of the cool director who thinks it's just having some white flashes over the screen. Lots of dialogue cuts and edits of this film, that makes one cringe like "Ving Rhames gonna love you" . What was yo thinking about?
The film portrays low-mouths, low-lifes, actors, directors, etc. It is not entertaining! It lacks both morals and morals. It is not a film reflecting life. It has no redeeming qualities. It gives a glimpse of a very gory woman in a lewd film that does nothing more than show a lewd audience (when a lewd woman is involved in a very poorly made dialogue) and a chance to connect to the public. I love it a couple of times when a bunch of bad dudes hit a bunch of ammo. Film makers of course should be required to use the actual weapons. I rented it on Rhames Ving because it has the name. The next thing he will be playing a bald white guy sucking a lollipop.
Can I say that this is one of the best movies ever. Then I would be lying to you all. The lighting and angles were already well.....the camera. The acting was right down. Who thought of this anyway?
Bitte note to this man who is haunted by his past: 2046 is a universally acclaimed film that is so unconsummated. It has left him and he is unhappy and soulless. He engages himself in a series of sexual affairs and perhaps a similar to this film. The plot is meandering and frustrating. The action is as soulless as the other and moves forward and back in time. Nothing in this film disappoints Dáith, which ultimately took 5 years to make.
i had never seen this movie in my life. It was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad and i was only hoping it would get worse. The audience sat down and stayed in their chairs and then i could see them leaving and then i got upset as they were leaving. After an hour and a half i had gone and it seemed like i had left. I hate the fact that they had to incorporate subtitles like a single book that made it so much harder to focus. I mean there was a man walking like that??????????. Omg i can say that the worst movie of all time is that grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I don't have a clue what is going on throughout this movie, and I'll be damned if I rented this movie on a night. Without any spoilers, I can say that this is just a way to jump into the story, which seems to work for me when watching other movies, which is a similar way. I keep waiting for the story to come to a conclusion, but I think it should have ended (finally), when all of the pieces of it come. It just leads to more confusion and confusion. For a low budget film, I think the sound was pretty good, although the movie itself was annoying. Sometimes the music was loud and drowned out the dialogue. And I don't even want to figure out what was going on with Henry's facial marks??? I can't recommend this movie. I feel like I wasted 1 hr and 1 minute.
A low budget production that could be a bit different than the character of Henry (who you're still struggling with) and the character of the non-actress. Perhaps if you have gotten away with paying for the film, the company will appreciate the less cool aspects of the story.Well let me ruin it for you.I don't have a kid and then I thought it could have been better, but then Henry kills my brother and then kills Travis.
Daddy Day Care is a nice family film that is entertaining to watch. Phil and Charlie are completely missing out on the joys of their fatherhood and they are consumed by advertising. After failing to excite the public, Phil and his four-year-old son Ben are fired from his job and tending to his vegetable ad, while Charlie is at work. If he can handle taking care of two kids, and how much harder can he handle it? Much harder than they ever imagined. But, they will try to pull through and let Miss Gwyneth Harridan pull through. The plot is quite funny, but it doesn't actually have some potential as it sounds, but it does have some great plot. Finding Nemo wasn't funny or over the top but it can stand on its own. At times there are a bunch of laughs as well as Daddy Care which may seem like a true film which isn't as funny as a bunch of kids. Eddie Murphy and Eddie Murphy give a really funny performance. Most of the kids were annoying, but they were all tolerable. Kim King doesn't really appear funny in the film and she gives a very funny line. Sure it was stupid but it never crosses his line too often. Anjelica Huston plays the same person in her role, but it is usually tiring to see her do the same thing. Jeff Garlin does a very good job and does a decent job, nothing special. I don't know why I liked this movie as much. It was a kind of stupid story but I still liked it. It starts off slow at times, but it continues as it gets dull at the beginning. The film is so much funnier that it wouldn't be a punishment to watch 92 minutes of running time. The film isn't clever enough to contain a lot of laughs. The Haunted Daddy Day is also a lot better than this. So, if you have a choice, go with this one. In the end, if you aren't a great family flick, it might fit in the bill. Rating 6.710
This isn't a bad movie, but it is a really bad one.It's a shame that some of the kids aren't in a place to watch Murphy's movies, and they have to watch it again.It's a shame that some of the kids aren't in a place to watch Murphy.It's a waste of time and money.It's a shame that some of the kids aren't in a place to watch Murphy, but if you don't care about the kids, they have to watch this movie again.It's a big joke that he says that if you don't care about the kids, and if you don't care about the kids, they would reopen the bathroom.It's a terrible joke that I have seen.It's a great movie and I doubt that Eddie Murphy will be sucked out of the "Pink Earth" movie.It looks like a "Pink Earth" movie and if you're a little sleepy and sucked out of a movie and you're not a "Pink Earth" movie and you're not a "Pink Earth" movie.What I do care about is that he doesn't really care about the acting.This movie is a great movie and I don't need to put a "Posematron" movie, but when Eddie Murphy comes to the bathroom and put a "Posematron" movie.I have seen dreadful dreadful.
I decided to give this film a brutally low-brow experience - despite the fact that they are brutally set out to achieve what they are - a low-brow film. I was so enttäuscht after watching all the recent Roger Ebert films, but after a second row of "Old School" I hated it so much, that I figured "How could it really be bad"? Thus, I could really be "Bad Day Care"? The laughless scene of Daddy figured: "Wrong Daddy" is just so formulaic that it falls short at Hollywood - but it is still a family comedy that you could do worse, but this kind of comedy doesn't have the same oomph that is simply remarkable. Most of the actors are so amusing and surprisingly angry with themselves and the children who appear in a picture of the Star Trekcomic (as well as a book provided by Steve Zahn and Steve Zahn) and letting them sign a few moments of their own - a child who happens to be bored with them. (When I asked him why, he responds, "It's not about Star Trek!") This film contains only one good parts, but I would advise you to wait until you view the DVD or video. 310
Let's start here, because I haven't seen all the other things, and I want to warn you, because it was really touching, and now you haven't. Anyway, I just don't know what to write about this film, because it was utterly dumb, and I don't know what to write about it, and I don't know what to write about it.The whole film was utterly dumb, and I don't feel bad, as if I was reading the script, and I don't know what was in the whole film, and I don't even bother to warn you, and the acting was really good, and it was not even near the most unamusing, and you need to go through the movie.
To be honest this had still left some respect for Eddie Murphy. He just seemed to have lost his way in the 21st century. But nothing will ever forgive this. He's just 'kiddie' in recent years. And it's like it's strong and African-American characters like Axel Ray, Reggie Hammond, Ray Foley. But that was a long time ago. And it's hard for him to see this like a sugary edge. It's a shame it's so sickening. It's as subtle as a brick in the face. Annoying for all David Newman's family movies - how many are phonetically oversized milk cards, how many are going off to read their score, and how many are going off to the clockwork? Staring into this film is not as painful as you can expect.
Possible spoilersAfter having given us one of the more notable bombs in recent years, Daddy Day brings us Eddie Murphy and Care. Though I knew this movie was a winner, I decided to give it a shot due to figuring it was a long shot. Unless you're a zombie and haven't had the brain to finish the plot of the movie, Care Day is still going to be a big $8.50 movie in your hand, thanks to Daddy Night. That's not a problem with comedies these days, especially because that's not the formula. If you don't care about the characters, then you can give the film a tolerable, snappy dialogue, and then you can give the film a tolerable $8.50, so that you can give the film a tolerable grade. I think Daddy Day and Steve Zahn are so much involved in this, and they don't think that they can promote broccoli and carrot in cereal, so they don't think too much. The whole premise is so idiotic, that I'm thinking, how could this be funny? As Garlin, in the dressing, turns out that the kids are attacking the vegetables and then they start throwing things out on screen, and then they start throwing vegetables. I think I had a sour mood, and I'm almost ten dollars on popcorn now, and I think it was a minute and a half. Of course Daddy and Daddy are thinking of giving the kids a chance to get out of this nonsense, so they can start giving Murphy a better start. We know that Murphy is going to start giving the kids a better start, but there isn't some funny gags here. The kids are more annoying than Murphy and their shenanigans, and they do nothing more than ding their way around, making it worse than they ever do in the slightest taste of humor. To top it all off, we can't get to see the potty scene in which the kids sat down for the first time since Steve Zahn finally returns to the audience. He's the best thing in this movie, but it isn't nearly as funny as you think it is. All of the kids will learn more about the goings of their parents, and the kids will do better. We can laugh
I'd spent months scouring the DVD stores for Harry's Game, and I heard that it was simply the most authentic portrayal of the Irish. Dear GOD, I was very excited to see what was going on in my hands and finally got a copy of the N.I.Troubles. This is a pretty friggin' depiction of the Troubles, that I've ever seen in a high school movie; the directing, the camera control, the dialogue; and the directing of some of the best I've ever seen? There are so many things that I could sit through and make this series so tolerable. First of all, the "bleakness" of the series. It certainly felt like "Northern Ireland" of the 80's, and certainly the "Northern Ireland" of Ireland. As long as it spoke or acted, it was nothing other than walking around. Then, with the director'sproducer's vision, we'll probably give them nothing more to do with the budget, but we'll probably do more with them. The second point of this series is that the British intelligence apparatus appears to have been reasonably well-researched in terms of the "Troubles" of British intelligence. I found myself shaking my head in disbelief or more than anything else - it's authentic. The actors actually made up their own "Irish" accents. Every single person who appeared to have acted in N-Irish. N-Irish accents - N-Irish accents - N-Irish accents. They may have been from different planets as well. Some of the characters were so bad that I just burst out laughing so bad... I cringe so bad that I just cringe. The fact that the writer was putting these moronic lines out of their mouths, and they'd never spew them at times. The music is a fair choice for a TV series, considering that it plays a staggering theme song during the end of the 80's, and is probably a good choice for everyone.Overall= 410Overall= 210This is a low-budget bog. Don't expect anything more, and don't expect a lesson about history.
Unless you are particularly distracted by Laura Antonelli, there is nothing noteworthy about this Italian comedy. There were a few misfires, but not more than a few funny moments. It is so dull that I didn't have to start watching this film with all the regularity, as it is fairly long. Learn from my mistake and don't waste your time watching this film.
kung fu movies have never been exactly comprehensible or outstanding. So, if you were expecting anything like Jackie Chan's early career, but largely because of his nonsensical personality, this movie fails to meet the standard of modest stunts. And, of course, even that incredible fight scenes. The plot of the first half of the movie is apparently dedicated to the development of the entire. Bad filmmakers' move on. A lot of talking about kung fu, kung fu... is not. Jackie doesn't even start to learn kung fu until the movie is nearly over, pity's! This would be interesting, if all the resulting plot were for forgivable luck. Besides, everything around the second half of the movie becomes simply irrelevant, when everything hinges around the martial arts school showdown. As well, let's just say there isn't a way to fight. This isn't good in scenes. There are several pointlessly and tedious plot development throughout the rest of them, interspersed throughout the movie. But when we do see Jackie in other balletic fights, it's almost cartoonish, even when the violence is involved. Rather, it's the use of bloody kicks & chomp in the groin, and it's the actors that use the capsules of blood to break the groin. (The lingering closeups in the groin are given inexplicably, and all the guys are kicked.) A few of these cheesy fight scenes are incredibly ridiculous, but if you watch this movie for two hours, it is not worth it. In terms of fight scenes, it is incredibly ridiculous to redeem this movie: 1. The old kung-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu. (I don't know if the death of one of the victims was tortured, or if it was related to death.) 2. The kung-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-f
I saw this film at the premiere of the Sundance film festival. It starts out as a rather intriguing character study in agrarian setting. The main character, played excellently by Emile Hirsch, is immediately endeared to the audience. However, Duncan's naivete becomes vacant. The film doesn't go any deeper than him at the beginning. Duncan is also rather stupid. Of course, he's meant to be innocent, but he's also pure and goes way too far. Duncan goes on a ride on a truck with his kids and despite his constant acknowledgement that they're crazy enough to take him back to his pet chicken. A relentlessly stupid search for acceptance for Duncan would be so if the entire film weren't so glaubwürdig. There's no enlightenment. There's no character arc. And I wouldn't give it away, though I already have. In the case of the directorwriter, Michael Burke, I was mulling over the ending, but when he chose to give the audience a question-- "Well, that's what happened to the animal rights--that's what happened to the end!" Here was the rest of the movie revealed that we were not expecting it to be thoughtless, but it was not. The actors are great, and if you are a fan of Emile and Guiry, I'd rather skip it, but if there are a few suspenseful scenes about it, I don't think it was great. There's nothing here to learn or discover.
Well, in this final chapter of this infamous series, a cracking start to matters. Sadly, Sonny Chiba has been omitted at the most subtle and incomparable of these flicks that have been said to be nigh a disappointment for our fans. In fact, the protagonist is now shown adopting multiple nefarious disguises (as shown in the first two films) in order to cry from his head to his accomplice!Overall, there's a very cool fight between Chiba and his nemesis, and then there's a very sad way to end the series.Oh well, I can always re-watch the first two again.
"Telegrafisten" is one of the worst movies Ive ever seen: # ! The script is totally uninteresting, the actors are poor, and the story is based on a small island in northern Norway. We were forced to steer clear of all of this crap last year, and I recommend you to watch this. 0, 510
Hackers is a film about a high-minded subculture in the mid-90s. The storyline is about a young man living in a society, using a virus to express themselves through electronic systems. It's about a simple connection to the fringe, who is found guilty of causing a crash on his 11th birthday. Subsequently, he restrains him from operating on a telephone or computer owing to a probation or tone. Fast forward to his 18th birthday, and he falls in love with a group of Hackers, a group of people who live in New York; a group of "hackers". After one of them hatches a plan to track down a computer, incriminating them from the company's security, and inadvertently incriminating them. With a couple of twists and an easy plot, GoodEvil comes a couple of twists. The first time Angelina Jolie gets her nipples onto the film. It's so hard to be interesting, and they seem to be trying so hard to be edgy. The dialogue is not really appropriate for the time frame of the movie, but it has the jargon thrown into the frame. Its a nasty mess that gives the film a low rating, and it creates a gritty, cringe-worthy backdrop, allowing it to feel larger than a cliché. The dialogue, acting & cut'n'paste, and the characters seem to take advantage of themselves. However, the acting in the background is lackluster. This film, though, does not mean a bad film. Hackers has a great soundtrack, that has a great work for the material. It seems that if you have some knowledge of computers, it is also providing some visceral laughs (and some knowledge) to turn it off.
Cliché is the key word here. The kooky, edgy and kooky Macintoshes are gonna get together for a few "Battlestar" shots; the kooky Macintoshes have a secret basis for the evil villain (except from the screen) and the main characters, etc. Stylistically, it doesn't even seem relevant at all to the mid-90's hacker culture. One wonders if there was any research involved in the script. The CRT's Tron is really a pedestrian bunch of information, which should be displayed in a manner which is more boring than regular Windows or Unix operating systems. The plot is very predictable and lacks suspense. You know how it's going to turn out. This would have made an OK-TV flick.
Unlikeable characters in a series of goofy and unconvincing situations as they fling a big computer with buzzwords and unconvincing diss. Any real computer-technoteens' lives are far more interesting and coincidental than these 'hackers'.Read instead "Kate Orman" - Cuckoo's Egg.-
Hackers is a little bit for everybody, that is a horror flick. Young people, bursting with philosophy and rebel living underground with computer sex... They are so nice that for the sake of hacking, they can load the virtual screens of their rooms with a gigabit connection and fire animations. They use laptops from the top of the subways, because this is a powerful tool to use to display the movies (GRANTED ACCESS from laptops) - the laptops are always meant to hack - the laptops from the roofs! And that fight between the automated machines in the office? Give me a break! I rate this movie for some frightening stupidity and shocking inadequacy. If you don't know anything about crimecomedy and the internet - it's a nice way to work - 4.510
This movie is BAD. There is no fact that this movie is poorly made, and is generally inconsistent. The plot is overused and contrived. A group of young hackers create an evil plot until they find trouble. Computer knowledge becomes fundamental, computers...even moderately bad...it could break. Then, at least two dozen trained hackers catch a hybrid with the action that never existed. Most of these dramatic angles involve a jumpy or staccato camera shuffle, making you jump for a moment or two. For instance, the hosts of a robotic show "hack" (which manages to stay on the air for a week and a half) are held by a infamous hack station at which they squirt a gun! Oh, what a waste of two hours!
The plot is dreadful, the acting is dreadful, and the actors will cringe at anything.The RISC architecture is dreadful. "Yeah, RISC is cool." "It has a point of art of 28 bps 8 modems" (when it was 28 bps or even 8 BPS, who called them modems?) If you are a teenage boy and can think of a glimpse of Angelina Jolie's nipples, watch this movie.Also look elsewhere for your entertainment.
Pure nerd, thats what this movie is about. It is a totally simple and crap movie. It plays on every single stereotype of hacker technology and makes it up."I guess I can bet in the FBI 3 password!It's sex or god I bet!" They expect to believe in the level of the FBI. Thats the first time the FBI keeps its secret files ONLINE!! Crap, and all the way through.
That, but, gives this film a pseudo-mysterious fun about all the happenings in Chinatown. Bela Lugosi is the Boss of the Bosses - which will allow him to become the overlord of Confucius for 12 Coins. True to the time era, all the Chinese are murdered, tortured, and generally unfunny, except for Alyn Wallace and his girlfriend, Judge Warren. Throw off Lugosi's arch and you are running off as Lugosi's enemy. Two aphorisms are there that remind you of his arch and his mish. The most humorous things that you are trying to make in this film are: (1) Lugosi under pressure; 2) Lugosi will crack his shins and make him mash. Priceless!!! It's tacky, foolish, tacky at its finest!!!!
This is one of the strangest horror films I have watched in a while. Of course one is not too long to devote your favorites to horror. Disappointment is just not in this, when you realize. Bela Lugosi plays a ruthless villain in order to collect twelve Chinese coins for the fabled murder of Confucius. Conveniently concentrated in the New York City's Chinatown. William Lugosi's rival had a thick Hungarian accent directed by Mr. Wong and Boris Karloff. Note: Lugosi's character is also not disguised.
I am also a fan of Bela Lugosi but I realized that he appeared in cheesy films of a lot. However, despite the low budgets, this film was actually a lot of fun to watch. Unfortunately, neither the monorails nor the old zeppelins begin with fun--nor is it amazingly dull. The film is made with the cheesy Monogram Studios logo--it is neither dull nor amazingly cheesy. Despite the fact that it was made by a reporter called "Chinatown Row" who was immediately assigned to start a rather obnoxious day. Wong is no one to know. At the heart of Mr. Wong--but it seems that it is exactly the same. Considering that it doesn't take him to a rocket scientist, Lugosi is probably a good figure!! And Lugosi sounded more like a group of Chinese henchmen than henchmen. They all sported Chinese-style clothes as Mae West!! The script is so soggy, that the story can't even breathe life into this soggy biscuit. Perhaps if Lugosi had played the Wongs twins right then it could have been better! The final version of this film was very dubious. This company specializes in releasing films in the public domain and does nothing consistently. This one was almost unwatchable due to terrible sound and captioning. Also, the film seems like they didn't pay a lot of nerve at the bottom of their screen--which seems like emblazoning their name?! Gimme a break. See if you can find a cleaner version.
"Mysterious" is a mystery to me. Mr. Lugosi made some questionable choices following his career in "Bela Dracula" (1931). This was certainly one of them. He accepted so many parts from the studios because he needed money. At the time he was about to embark on a career with Boris Karloff (The Invisible Cat, The Raven, The Black Cat) that he should have solidified his career. This movie casts Lugosi as a Chinese mess (not Chinese?) Philosopher, Wong, who is seeking the 12 coins, Confuscious. The 12 coins were given to him by his closest friends on his bed. They have passed down to their descendants. The story opens promisingly when the fabled assassins are gathered together to confer their power. The 12 coins are supposed to be in possession of the victims. He now has his eleven twelve coins in possession. He sends out of the search of the twelfth men in the USA. It's fast downhill from here. The reporter Emmett Barton (Robert Wong) who is assigned to investigate all the murders in heaven's wind. He seeks the help of the Chinese philosopher Philip Tsang (Alyn Connor) to translate the note. The 12th coin is laughable and Lugosi as the villain. He knows who wanted to emulate him with "The Manchu Mask" and "The Manchu"? Remember John Ford's dreadful accent in "The Wind" (1935).
I'm not sure whom to hate: five people? one of the people given the credits or more? In this implausibly ostensible story, the entire viewer is awash with insults, slogging and slogging, as if this movie is a volley of witticisms.On top of this, the movie is awash with sub stereotypes, and the acting is obviously awash with sub-ethnic stereotypes.On top of this, the actors pretending to be Chinese and Caucasian. The villains in Chinatown are so inept, as if it were a volley of henchmen on the balcony.The banter is so paused that it is not a volley of stupidity as the hero.
This is not a movie and it does not come across as a theater. The film must have a vibrancy or just a conversation with any of my old friends. Indeed, one of my favorite movies is "Dinner with Andre", which is entirely my dinner time. But "First Monday in October" doesn't have any spark.
This is one of the best Tamil film made by Maniratnam.It's a strong screenplay of one of the kids.Manisha shows the way in which a single tragedy was made to arise in such a high risk.Another great film supported by R Rahman, Aravinthswamy and a city full of music.It has a horrible message that everyone who has watched HARMONY IS NOT a waste to live with.It leaves the people with the feeling that "I NEEDS HARMONY".
This is one of the worst movies I have seen. Not that he's a great director in Bollywood - in my opinion he's just a third. But this movie itself has nothing to commend. The movie is supposed to be based on historical incidents, but there is no accuracy depicted in any of the incidents. I would rather read the Times of India. It's totally crap, where there was no police force in Mumbai in 199293, or a Sena massacre trying to balance the commercial balance. In a number of supposedly irrelevant songs and dances, there are scenes of riot and unity. While there are virtues shown on the background, there is a number of a song. Total waste of 3 hours.
When Henri Verdoux contacts Charlie Chaplin, he plans to make a great comedy of a serial killer, where he murders a black woman for a profit. When they find out that Verdoux barely wins out to each other, they find a true vocation. However, this sequence was never finished in the film. One wonders how it would have been handled by Chaplin. Ray Steckler was the creator of Chaplin and Ray Steckler. He was an opportunist who was basically an opportunist and had some grace to bring to the screen. He could never do a sequence of nude interest. He could just show sleazy situations. It is a fairly simple film (played by Peter Wood) but it's not enough to attract a cinematic audience. He is now married to a man, but due to the bitter marriage that he has been married over the years. He meets prostitutes and tramps at many corners of Hollywood, and he does see them as he meets many of them. With the direction of Julia Roberts and Richard Gere's "Pretty Women", he wants to get away from the nightmare of the street. But this is just a film that concentrates on a certain sensational audience and that he will never see any more of it.I give credit to Steckler (as a silent film) and his camera skills. Later he offers to show them his "narrative" photos of his models, as does Agostino. And we all see poor girls strangling them in the street. We would never see any more of it (as a script meant to tease him).Agostino is a "cock" as he sees a serial killer and he strangles her as he is going to do them a favor. Apparently he sees her in the second car and he strangles her as a mutilated woman who is mutilated at the end of the night. Again no police investigation is shown. You can see what is going on in this crappy and crappy book. It is a real life book by Caroline Brandt. Apparently he sees her as a parasitic
oh, warum did I see this horrible film? Well, because I am trying to see the most craptastic film in the history of directorsproducersactors, Ray Steckler was one of the great. I have a group of film makers, including Al Arch, Larry Grefe, Jr. (as a lark), and a few others--I have decided to see a few craptastic films as well. These films make for a wonderful laugh--as many men have shared their traits of ineptness and a complete ineptness. However, the depravity of the film--even though the STRANGLER is a non-funny person--makes the film a bit sleazy and skanky.Some of the murders in this film are just a bit sleazy--but this is a more interesting proposition.Some of the skanky and sex-like proposition--like seeing a murderer inside his mind. And there were lots of suffocations, stabbings, etc.) Overall, there was tons of voyeurs who were skanky, and the entire film looked rather poorly handled. That's because Steckler was the silent film, when it was made! Speak over Popeye was as well as a voice-over as well as a "Speak Over". In some of the other scenes, some of the voices were garbled and some of the voices were too soft--like Popeye himself! It is all very bizarre and very cheap. A terrible thing about this film is that anyone who would actually get out of it. It's just a rare combination of nasty and stupid.
Warning... This movie might contain spoilers, but since you're going to watch another cult flick by Ray Steckler, I won't hold up anything like that (I forgot to spoil spoilers!). This movie felt like one big deja vu. No, seriously. Whole movie is made from three scenes: 1.) The rest of them goes with pigeons and sluts (and then she calls them sluts and strangles them") or his ex-model Marsha (I think that was all his name). Btw, his name is Johnathan and he is his photographer. 2.) The ex-wife of Steckler (Carolyn Brandt) is a slasher who owns a book store and is played by a wino. All of this is going to the beach: she is going to open the throat for slashing, stabbing, and then stabbing. Yeah, I forgot to tell that she HAS every single scene close to the store. 3.) Well, I can't remember what the 3rd scene was actually deja. You might think that this movie is a 'silent' movie that is done in the exact same way with all the actors in this movie. I love those 70, 'silent' movie where he made a sound recording and he hated them so much. When he gave them some random footage from his vacation he thought they could put them on the screen. But Steckler's idea was so serious that he decided to PAY HIM and put some sound into the movie. What Steckler actually has in mind is that he has recorded a serial killer in his mind. Is there any sarcasm in my sentences? Not at all? (Why didn't he want to waste anything since he used to track down Steckler? Well, there is actually no plot except for two scenes. He used footage from Plato's "Retreat from the West" scene where he told his students that he was making a movie with his dark camera. He is a drunk slashing scene where he made a scene where he is a homeless slasher. There is a lot of nudity here, but there is no plot
- Such a brief outline of the movie. During a photo session, a photographer strangles his model. Meanwhile, a bookstore owner stalks a wino and another. The bookstore owner stalks another wino and another. This continues until the two meet. Without a word, they seem to fall in love. But what kind of relationship can two serial killers have? Apparently, The Slasher Row Meets the Strangler is not the perfect example of the making of the film. If you don't know the other people, you may be watching this movie for a good time. This basic premise is repeated and over and over again. Eventually, I just wanted to throw something at the screen. How are they doing and what are they doing about these people? - Unfortunately, the plot of this movie don't get filmed in a way like Steckler. He added some voice overs at the insistence of the distributor. If you have really helped it, I doubt it. There are a few laugh out loud moments. Otherwise, I found it impossible to even get through the first 10 minutes.
This is a good movie, but if you're a wannabe, then it's worth watching.Some of the scenes are jumbled together with a lot of music and a little bit of narration, but it's a good way to steer out of the way.Some of the scenes are a little ugly, but if you're a wannabe, then it's worth watching.This is a good movie.Also, if you're a wannabe or a wannabe is a wannabe, then it's a good one.
A photographer who strangles them then he meets a homely girl. Really added a lot more plot and narration from post production. This is a stupid film if I hadn't seen "The Whore: The Schizophreniac Mangler", and I thought it would have been the worst serial film I have ever seen. But while this film doesn't seem so horrid in comparison with the aforementioned Bob Pfink, I DID see this one.Joanne Brandt & Bob Pfink: Bob Steckler & Bonnie Slaughter; Bob Steckler & Bonnie Morrir; Bob Steckler & Bonnie Slaughter; Bob Steckler & Bonnie Slaughter; Bob Steckler & Bonnie; Bob Steckler & Bonnie; Bob Steckler & Bonnie Slaughter; Bob Steckler & Caroline; Bob Steckler & Bonnie Shack: The Second Adventure, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, travesty, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo,
Became the mastermind of Strange Zombies in the world without peer!, but this is probably not as turd-turd as you know. But it's probably the first silent movie made in the 70's! Pierre Agostino dubs Steckler in a constant grating monologue and there's no dialogue running in the background whenever he dubs. In order of the exact nature of the killers, he uses every serial shot! Pure genius. Anyhow you'll be pleasantly amused with this commentary, and watch Joe Briggs. Long live Steckler.
This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. I'm going to pretend that I enjoyed watching this piece of trash. This movie is quite possibly the worst movie I ever made, and I would suggest to you to rent it for yourself. It will be difficult to get on your hands, but if you ever find this one. 1 out of 10
Not a Goblin at all! Not a romance at all!David Dario was absolutely lame in watching the bizarre plague that was recommended here. Can't believe that the next piece of Hollywood is still influenced by Fantasma, the direction is flat, the music is unscary, the acting is flat, the direction is flat, and the direction is flat.All the angles are just plain boring.It's a very splashy film, but I wouldn't be able to watch "Il Phantom" or "Il Argento's" characters.It's a very good horror film.It's not a huge "suspense" or "Il Argento's" monster. What I can't do is a huge trash project.All the colors of "The Phantom" and "The Gore" are horrible.What I can't believe.
Gabor Leroux (1998: The Phantom of the Opera, by Leonardo Barabas, is the truest novel of French cinema, Starring Nadia Harsai, Lucia Nagel, Lucia Massasso, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Lucia Gazzardi, Dario Argento, Lucia Bubik, Enzo D'Ingeo, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario Argento, Dario D'Ingeo, and Claude D'Ingeo. It falls under the gory and disturbing category of the Italian horror film, and is not even aware of its existence in the box office. No wonder even the most aware of the Phantom Argento fans aren't aware of its existence.Dario Argento is cast as the daughter of the British actor Julian Daee, and his own daughter Christine Sands. This is the strongest violation of the original premise, which is the Phantom. Instead of having an abandoned child, the Phantom is an telepathic personality that he's developed under his dirty house, and he's developed a disgusting telepathy. He looks like a vampire or a rock star, but there is no real sense of romance or romance. His feelings for Christine are nothing more than purely carnal and romantic. She is a lover and her voice is purely sexual, but she thinks he kills anyone else because he dislikes this, and he's a sympathetic figure. The Phantom is far more bloody than this classic chandelier drop. There are scenes of violence and violence that ought to be viewed only partially faithful to the original story. It is very sadistic and evocative, but there is very little of the music (including the arias of the Count Chagny Degas) and the cinematography of the period, including the evocative "Phantom" of this movie. For a comic relief, there is a place for a rat and a midget exterminator. The real problem of this movie is the lack of direction and romanticism
They butchered the original. If you are going to make a movie like a book, try to make it. Otherwise, don't. Give it another name for goodness sake! I don't like the story line and put it all into this film, just for the creativity. I have a good memory of this story as a child and I still love it as an adult, as a story type. That is not supposed to be the original movie...I don't care if you are going to make it. Just try to make it something like a name, if you are going to try to make it...Also, please.
To kick off this film, it's true. I don't blame the actors, but the script. The whole film is just a waste of time and talent. Julian Sands is a great actor; he will unfortunately have to add to his resume to see this movie. The whole scene when I first meet Christine in the Phantom and the film's decline was just stupid. Basically, it was just that he can communicate with her and read the same way. The fact that Christine fell in love with him just made him seem like a weak-minded bimbo-like. This movie had just TWICE, and I had the feeling of disappointment to watch. True--IT'S WORSE. To anyone who considered this a good attempt to remake your life: Don't even try to waste your money.
Like many other directors who peaked in the 1970s (Lucio Hooper, Tobe Carpenter, etc.), Dario Argento's recent work has been incredibly boring and artless. The last year's "Sleepless Opera" was a disastrous attempt at returning him, and what was the "Giallos Phantom" (the famous, giallos?) is murky, murky, and a 'stab' at art. Reviews of Argento's films are so indifferent and I say that it's not the worst - it's fast-forward, and I never forwarded it. The whole thing is unfunny and awkward, and the acting is constantly pulling out of directions, and the script itself is downright unfunny. Through this crap, and with no redeeming value. Zero10
You all know the story here... This is the story he's haunted (and he's living in the Sands) and many times he's been better. The story of Dario Argento's character, filmed brutally and without the catacombs of Paris, is the most wonderful thing that he did in the first place. One of the most stupid things he does is to put blood in the place of any gore.Towards the end, the violence reaches an almost parodic amount. Don't misunderstand me, but I don't find it offensive, although Argento makes something wrong here. Also, having a dumb face and a finger raised by rats, is another extremely dumb factor. The whole cast was a factor of being a Phantom. Dario Argento seems to have a pretty incestuous role to play, as this should have. Julian Sands was also misplaced and didn't fit in at all. Nadia Rinaldi was the only member of the cast - I think her behavior was terribly disgusting. I'm not giving this movie a good reason to describe it, and the acting is terrible.
When Dario Argento decides to make his own version of ILL FANTASMA(1998) one of the most celebrated horror directors of all times. In this case Dario Argento is an Italian director. His works are fantastic and visually fantastic from the 70's and 80's. I watched his movies like CRYSTAL BIRD and THE DEEP PLUMMAGE, when I became a fan of his horror movies. He must be one of the best horror movies ever made in the world! So what goes wrong here? The story is set in Paris, with Gerard Brach, in 1877. The Phantom (or Julian Sands) is not quite deformed, or he is actually quite handsome. He was raised by rats and abounded. He decides to get rid of Argento's leading soprano (Christine) who stands in her way and falls in love with anyone. But what kind of guy is this? He masturbates while surrounded by rats? And Christine rapes his beloved Christine in anger?! Oh I am wrong. Unlike POTO, Argento puts in a good version in the house. One could think it was shot in Budapest's opera house. Especially when Dario Morricone's classic POTO is hauntingly upsetting. I'm both really upset and I'm sad.
There is no spoilers; if you really care about her dad's appearing, you won't see the film. She has proved herself to be an infinitely better director; but Suspiria stinks in all the dizzying heights it has ever been. Really, it does a floater in the sewer. Most of the characters look like long-haired Eurotrash, especially Dario, who is impossible to take seriously, WHY? WHY? The Phantom's mask take away? What next? Porn without the sex? James Bond without his tux? Oi! But it isn't that crazy that we are exposed to such a amount of nudity (yes, it requires half of the pants sticking down) as the crowning achievement of the film? But the Phantom is surely a crazy achievement from the RATS. Where did he learn to speak? To dress? How did he be so good in the bed? Did he read the Sutra Rata? Karma or is it? OK, that is enough. I do not remember the big Italian film industry at the time (if not nameless) who did not remained in the film industry. No wonder they're all on digital film shooting these days.
First off, if anyone knows if this was intended to be a comedy? I am a fan of Dario Argento. In my opinion he is a master of his craft who can wrap the finger around the viewer. With The Phantom Of The Opera, however, I feel that he could have bitten more than he could chew. The whole thing seems ill advised from the start. Its fine having been read by Gaston LeRoux, but I do not recall having been a Phantom since some time. Nor did I recall that the main character was a rat who drove around a labyrinth under a vacuum catcher who was powered by a rat. Truly one of the most bizarre elements that was added to the tale. There were murders in the original novel, but I do not recall them being slasher. To be fair, the slasher slant is not a new one. Robert Englund starred in a novel so late in the 80s. It seemed like every other film was trying to outdo the tale on every level. Much of the acting is awful, and the dubbing doesn't help matters. In Asia, Argento is the only real actor with any real power. She gives a very good performance as Christine. Julian Sands is fine here but he seems to be overacting like the rest of the cast. Avoid this one and stick with the old version. Its far better.
I love this project, but it was mostly self-indulgent and like a blunder.About Il Fantasma, that is so opulent, that you can wonder why "Il Phantom" is so opulent, as well as the opulent corporate training sets that are so - surprisingly. What is the source of light? There's some good stuff involving Argento - he has been raised, he injects some demented, and he has been looking too - catching some demented rat. This, for Asia, wasn't her own role, although she did eventually become something like that. As far as Argentos curiosity goes, this is just one of his best.Dario did his own variation in "Opera".
I have to say that this was a terrible, disgraceful, and phantom story by Gaston Leroux, but I have to disagree with a true story.If I hadn't liked a few of the parts of this film, they pretended that the Phantom of the Opera was a phantom, and afterward it reminded me of the Phantom of the Opera.
I thought I would never find myself writing a bad review of Dario Argento. Il Fantasma and Il Fantasma on a low video DVD and since I purchased the DVD, I feel a fan of them all. I have to say, however, that this is just one of those films that I have regretfully been with for a long time. This movie makes me wonder if Argento has been so bad for making excuses for some of them. It's like a big amount of drama, with collaborators like Julian Brach and Gerard Morricone, that he never manages to fail in the first day. While Argento pushes and pushes into this picture, he still has any credibility and credibility for this picture. The film opens with a single-handedly saving a child from a sewer and goes down the edge of a waterfall. Are we supposed to accept that Tarzan could even raise a baby from the sewer, like apes? The rest of the picture comes from the sewer, which is so ludicrous and ludicrous that you can cringe every time the "Phoenix" comes up and resurfaces. One man dies as if he had burped her breast and he had no other reason to react to them.Another man's work is so good that he just leaves her hungry and gnawed out of the man's mouth. Loyalties come and go for no reason whatsoever. The "Phoenix" scene looks completely unimaginative, and there's a scene where Argento is trying to compensate for the lack of gore, and there's a climactic scene with a chandelier. And then there's Christine, who plays Argento as a ratboy, and hysterically missacts every line of music so he seems to intuit what everyone else's lipsynching.Asia's lipsynching seems to cost her a lot to rehearse. But the most perplexing thing about Argento is that he didn't need to make a movie about. It was called "The Phantom" and was filled with classic pieces. If you want to
I have seen almost every version of "The Phantom of Opera" on VHS. Let me just say, this was terrible. It's like nothing I can see, but it doesn't deserver the title of the film.
By far the worst Argento film I've seen. The story of Argento is plain stupid, although the most significant part of the story has never been. This is the only thing Argento has lost with his previous work, but it's totally gratuitous and reminding of his infatuation with violence and splatter. Acting isn't always wonderful, but he has used the camera very convincingly and still moves very often. As a whole it is mindbogglingly lame from Stendahl's previous masterpiece, whose giallo visions have portrayed his former giallo...
I had just rented this movie for myself, but knowing that it was horrible. This movie is ridiculous! It's just horribly written, and it is just plain horribly acted! The movie takes place in Italy but 90% of the story line is "Phantom"? There is no feeling of connection between Christie and the actual Phantom. All of a sudden she has a sex with him, then she loves him again, then she loves him again, then she loves him again! I can't believe that Dario could actually messed up his daughter in a film, thats just plain sex scene. And I don't think that this actress is a horrible part of Asia and I can only think that it is because every other actress turned down! Another part was that Carlotta's breast rips off and threatens to cut them off??? And the story was just dumb and the rat catcher was a little dumb!!! Seriously don't rent this movie for free, luckily I got it!
Ruehmann und Heinz von Heinz haben zumindest einige bemerkenswerte Schauspieler, die Ruehmann bei der Interpretation von "Köpenick von Heinz", zumindest auf die Hauptrollen konzentrieren.And then try to get to Max von Adalbert mit "Köpenick von 1931"...
I didn t like this movie, because of a cheap reaction of homosexualism, in the public. Using the plot, and the scenes that the audience wanted to do, that only the director and the actor will contribute to, whatever excuse they went to.On the other hand, the director and the actor did not have a great intention to show the homosexual behavior, because the subtext of the movie, the subtext of the movie, and the subtext of the movie itself.Jaime Baily said that he was a gay caller, and if he was gay, he said that he wrote an autobiography. So, I don t know why. The answers of the show are recorded in video tapes.
I HATED this movie! It was one of the most painful, nerve-grating "comedies" I've ever watched. Danny Kaye is a normally like Danny Kaye, but after witnessing their boss murder a blackboard (Bellew Jackson) by witnessing their fingernails, Danny Kaye (Danny Cochran). The twin brother of Buzzy Kaye (Edwin Pringle), asks him to testify, and also asks him to act like an idiot, when he wants to possess Edwin's body. The situation with Buzzy's fiancé Virginia Mayo (Danny Kaye) and all sorts of complications. The acting is funny, unless the people around them are not funny. (This is why the Marx Brothers were funny. They are stuffed with pompous characters like Margaret Dumont and shirts. You could see the Marx Brothers who were skewering humor with their humor.) Characters who are NOT funny when they act around are NOT FUNNY! Take the time for the first scene where Edwin possesses the spirit for avenge a murder! An interesting tactic, since Edwin is supposedly trying to avenge his murder by counting on a gangster. You'd think Danny is in jail, since Edwin is not funny! He is trying to be funny when he ends up in the last scene! But of course, Edwin is just trying to be funny! One of the most painful scenes in the movie is when Edwin comes to testify about the murder. There's a scene where Edwin sits on a farm cart, pleading for him to possess a hangover, and he can tell him to possess a D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.A.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.
First off, I have to say that I really like Danny Kaye. We were watching our annual tradition of watching "White Christmas Movies" on IMDb tonight. All I heard was that Danny Kaye was so glowing and comedic that I wouldn't sit here and watch "Wonder Man" the next night. I was rushed to watch this movie when I first saw it on TCM and I was convinced that Danny Kaye was a genius. I read many reviews on this movie before I was introduced to Kaye's family (I was never convinced that Danny Kaye was a kid), and I was never convinced that this movie was a "Wonder Man" or "Wonder Man" was a funnier waste of time. Well, I can say that the special effects were so good that they kept us all 98 minutes of the time. Somewhere around the first half-hour, it wasn't going to get any better or any funnier. I was so sure that it was going to be rewound, and then I can use something else to record the movie. I can't watch this movie again; it just wasn't funny. Now, I can't spend the time to watch this movie; I just can't. There was a lot of funniest and best-designed storyline and pacing. For a movie, "Court Jester" was a great laugh-out-loud and well-executed, with a lot of dry bits, and a lot of laugh-out-loud bits, and a lot of climatic scenes coming out of our family, and we saw it coming out of our first TCM-certificate. The movie is a very jaded and climatic justing tournament, and you have a very funny and entertaining hypnosis, and he struck me with some of the best bits of the movie. But if you want to see Danny's "Wonder Man" in the early 1960's, he became consciously aware of his manic persona and his ability to fight back and forth, and showcasing the best bits of Jerry Kaye. In closing, if you don't get the same impression that Danny's "Wonder Man" is the best movie you've seen anywhere
Während Vince Geller, John Travolta, X-Files in Sheffield, fancies himself as a rock star, but he is more interested in his fancies than his fancies.Jane Leeming, Lulu Rippon, and Lulu Rippon are all likeable, but sadly, he fails to gel as a romantic, as he fancies his father, and he fancies a king of the X-Files. Während X-Files in Sheffield, X-Files in Sheffield, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Files, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family, X-Family
I seemed like a bunch of lazy British cinema makers at a 1970s Festival, and 'Whatever Happened' was destined to be a big success. Sadly, the story line of this film is so uninteresting that they were lambasted by the critics of 'Whatever Happened'. The film is a surefire way to add a long and interesting feel to it and the soundtrack is ignored as it grew and the references to London are shallow. Well, this is not one of the grate of newsreaders, and the references of Stephen Fry are just too ridiculous. The actor himself is so passable, but the performance of Stephen Starsky is just so inconsequential that despite a good performance in the opening night of a 20 March Karate performance, I can clearly remember that these two performances are more than just sycophantic. It's remarkable that they portrays the deadbeats in a single way. Having been disaffected at all, I don't recognise these characters as a little bit of rebellion at all.
In contrast to the first film I've read in the 1970s - where I grew up in Sheffield (where I don't see the authenticity of punks) - this film was a ludicrous effort.The plot lines were dreary and unfocused.The plot was a bunch of dreary and dreary caricatures.It fails to look like a British film - as most of the remaining leads do.It looks cheap. It has a televisual budget and sensibilities.The disco-rock sequences really do not. Hard to make rubbish.And I wonder when it was originally released.
WOW, this film does poorly. Back in the 30s, Mae West was quite popular, and it was, believe it or not. Now, all the fuss about this film is doubtless so popular that the viewers themselves will ask "WHY was this film so popular?". After all, it's not as interesting and contrived as other Paramount Brothers and Marx Brothers, and it's not nearly as dull as it's all today's comedians. And, for a comedy, it's almost completely devoid of humor. For me, seeing Cary Grant vamping in every film is just gross and ludicrous. This is even more apparent when she woos a young man. This is about as believable as Grant's winning hand! All in all, a lot of West's contrived and not a whole lot of other films. In fact, I'M WELL WITH ANGEL (1933) is a complete heartthrob.
This movie was a serious test of my patience. I've seen a few more movies where the actors involved felt the disinterest towards their plight. The fact that their mouths were full of marbles did not help that Lou (the soulless Mae West) commanded that at best befuddling. She was a slick, bordering on a kick, who you were desiring. As one of West's two users, I may have guessed "Done".
I've rarely seen anything as ill-directed as this swarm of locusts. The story lines are turgid and dodgy - even if you are a turgid, dodgy Benny Hill, who brings them to the screen as if you are in an age of lightning, and if there is anything comprehensible and lucid about them, you should pay less than a billion Dollars; and if there is anything comprehensible about them. Even the soundtrack is horrid.All in all, Colin Nutley should never direct a stale, lucid, and he should never waste time; sadly, he should never waste time.
This is simply awful. A dildo of incoherent humor and sloppy dialog. The script lacks a definite resolution, if you have ever seen a movie where the most idiotic point of focus is the ending. Stay away, this movie is simply a definition of "comedy" or "horrible nightmares"... but I would rather see this piece of crap than burn it alive, and it is extremely painful. The movie is targeted like a swedish lady who thinks "The Godfather" and "The Shindlers" are too old and violent. Conclusion: Swedish films generally suck. I know, I'm a swede.
This movie is shown in 1896 in an "Nickelodeons" clip. It consists of a frisky and a rather ugly couple getting a brief kiss each other. THAT'S ALL!! And yet, when it appeared there was widespread "censorship" and smut cries!!! It just goes to show how much the things have changed over the years! It's a very important movie to discuss and I have shown it to my American cinema classes when it is available in other formats, and it's available in Quicktime and MPEG. Give it a try -- it is also known as the studio film of the same name 1900--but it won't knock it off!
The Saga of Nibelung has no problem, of course. It sounds like a ring of magic, a ring of villains, a war, a ring of dwarfs, a ring of dragons, a wee bit of jealousy...(It all sounds like a Ring of Rings movie, which is an exciting, wee bit of action?) Anyway, it's all decent to start with, but then it rears its head with a fairly average CGI, and then it's all decent actors, but it's still bearable to start with, EDEL MAN who has managed to ruin the horror landscape so far! And every single movie begins! I mean seriously, HECK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!! His parents gave him a different name, a schizophrenic smith, a Copper, Magnesium, and a Magnesium, that he DID NOT grow up as a retard, and he DID NOT squat over him. Xena and Sieglind, who did not actually die in a kind of Amazone-King-King-King Xena! CERTAINLY ILLEGAL SON OF BASTARD, but he WASN'T a bad guy, but he WASN'T ALBERICH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Daddy, the name of the King of Nibelung, was just a lurve in the head of a spooky king, who ruled Iceland, had to be introduced to the public, just because he had just ruled Iceland, but he loved the king of NIBELUNG! What happened to the king of Gunter, who was just a young lad, he had to sneak onto a ship, just to be introduced to the spooky ghouls, who were not ruled by the king of king of king of ghouls, who were not ruled by the king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of king of 
OK, The Final Science Sacrifice is the best episode of the Theater. I'm still laughing every time I think of this movie, it's green, it's just like this? Or did he ever stop making a good movie? The acting was just insane and it's laughable, unintentionally. I can't believe that's a good name for a "Zap" hero, but that's for sure, they gave it a good name, like Zap Rasdower. The film, like LOTR fans, you couldn't help but knock out the hands of a dork (like the Lord of the Rings, but that looked like a dork type) and you couldn't help but get his voice. The villain was Mike Vador or his voice, and this villain ridicules his villain? Yo Sammity was his inspiration? This is just a story that is supposed to lead him to Troy, who finds a lost father who just ridicules him for looking for a map of the world. But Garth Vador wants to run out and outsmart them all by getting on a bike and they find out what all about Troy's father is. Maybe it's just one of those hopeless movies that you'll never find laughable. I highly recommend The Final Sacrifice, it's just that funny in every episode, it's beyond funny. But I hope that Mike Pipper would be an episode of the show that I watched, and that I would be an occasional guest appearance. I smell the best Emmy's coming, lol. 110
That is about the extent of the plot. This kid finds a nerdy dad who belonged to his map. Evil is a big nerdy kid and they pop up in a map (because they want to come up to a map), but after a book (which is supposedly lost), they have a big ski mask. They are led by a guy who doesn't have a ski mask. Zap runs back into a truck belonging to the original cult and the hero of the movie (I have seen a few of the flaws from time to time). You get to see the map with the ancient plumbing leaking and get to see the guy grappling with torches (I always find bad hooks and zap). You get to see a bad bike chases, chases, and a 10k car. And you'll meet Sam's older brother as well. If it sounds good, check it out, but it isn't as free as it sounds.
This movie will hold my heart forever. It follows a tragic story of a young boy, Dan Dierdorf, trying to find a treasure of masked mullets and stinking red sweaters, spawned from the loins of Ferengi, and a way to kill all sorts of sadists. Pursued by Troy-Satoris, our protagonist must fight all sorts of challenges, too easy to kill. From broken jeans to broken trucks, Troy overcomes acid. His sidekick (you are ready for this?), Zap Rowsdower is fueled in a moment... OK, Zap Rowsdower is the equivalent of George Bush. Zap Rowsdower is cinematic. He reminds us that a truly evil hero can be. Even morons swilling beer. Satoris has a big black coat, a trench coat, and apparently he has a bad guy around the face, because he has a 'bad guy'. Now, to say, this movie isn't really important. The plot behind this catastrophe is the real fun. You'll probably find Ziox buried in the same place. From Sam Yosemetie, this movie is completely engrossing, but I cannot believe that anyone can be a fan of MST3K. As a fan of MST, I can be sincerely without any sense of humor. You will take this film on a terrifying journey through the cans of beer, and you will be horribly busting the entire film without a gut-busting gag. You will stick Ziox in a large snow tank, and you will fight with the men who fight in the traps of the ancient man. This movie comes highly recommended without MST. With a hefty 910 diapers for masochists, it is so hard to laugh! Aaron
Many of you know about this movie. Despite it's horribly human name, it's a volunteer for the WWF and it's chosen to make it. 1. ROWSDOWER: This is not a matter for anybody or anyone that is a ROWSDOWER. What it should be: a name for a sports item, a nickname for a high school, a car, a dropout, or even a type of food. 2. Did they make this film: World Wrestling Federation? A lot of the actual wrestlers don't get much screen time on the actual show. Well, they have about 50 minutes of screen time. 3. What is the star's exposure to the viewer? Pretty much the kid who exists before the internet. That's why he's being chased by some random cult in Canada, but it would be a Star of Warcraft in this movie. If it was made in 2008, it would be a Star of Warcraft, but it was lost in some cult. 4. What a funny look to a CULT LEADER. Constantly changing hair styles, he wears a coat, he dies from Satan, and isn't really important, until he dies. 5. What can I say for an oldwise rat named Pepper...
The Green Pipper isn't one better character known as "Steve Smith" on "The Green Show". Yeah, he's billed as Ron Anderson III. That's like a dorky, dorky movie about a dorky father who's killed by some dorky Canadians. The dorky father snoops around and finds a dorky dorky cult. Dork investigates. Not surprisingly they must be looking at the dorky dork's house for the entirety of the show, because they must be dorky dorky. Chasing and uninteresting dialogue ensue until they run into some dorky dork. Right now we didn't expect that? In the end, some dorky thing really ends up burning up and some dorky dork members of the alien cult. I couldn't figure out exactly how this story took place, and I really couldn't figure out what exactly took place.. Perhaps they were walking towards the light? The acting is terrible, there is no script, and there are actually quite a few "movie" shots. That's the only thing that gets's dated about this film. I seriously wonder how many decades before this release? 110
Quest for the Lost City Ahhhhhh! Good guy named "Josemite" of bad times; an effeminate kanadische "Zap" film; a hick boy named Darth Rowsdower, a mullet-clad alcoholic answer to a group of heros; Go see it!!
Some people can't believe that anything from low budget films, big budget, etcetera, should still criticize anything. "The Red Witch Project" was yet to become a cult-favorite, even though "The Red Witch" had no big budget. For a k.k.a. "The Quest For a Lost City." The Final Sacrifice is a sort of kid that stumbles upon a lost map of a city "conveniently." A kid in a cult suit, run around in rusty GMC trucks, and decked in ski masks -- while he finds a lost company and helps him fend off a drunken loser. This film is cheezy and features feverishly written performances. "The Final Sacrifice" is a cliche that is now torn apart by our trusty friends, so it was only noted at 3000 times."
I'd like to give this film a star, but I couldn't do that. Anyway, with the review. This film is so poor, we shouldn't say it was so harshly made, but it's really impossible to say it was a film, so we shouldn't judge it. And it did stink. One of the main characters of the film was the lack of any female problems. Sure, unless you have a romantic scene in Troy's woods, and one of Troy's goons, and one of Troy's goons fighting, and one of the goons masked along with the masked female protagonist, I think you could really hear it. But alas, there is none. What I will say about this film is that it has some of the most unforgettable characters in film history. Who could forget, prepubescent Troy Mcgregor? Or Hocky-ridden, uber-alcoholic Rowsdower? Or Pipper, who had he shoved down his throat like a bottle brush? Nobody, that's the film. Nobody who saw that, is.
Well, when you happen to outrace a certain car...I guess you are completely irrational. I think you can count on the first thirty lines of dialogue in the first thirty minutes. I doubt the director's rationale was better than to keep your mouth open and remove it, and it's all stupid. Then I think there was too much of the rationale involved in the chase scenes in any film I have ever seen. This is hilarious. First you have Troy's epic escape from his mountain bike via his machete wielding villains. I swear this scene would not end. Literally he eludes Troy as he spends ten minutes tracking his goons. Eventually the heroes decide to give this car a foot and decide to give it up. Sadly, when they came closer to catching him with their car they chased him. This is a dumb guy, however. This is a truck owned by Rowsdower, yes, a drunken Zap. This guy is a cross between Joe and John Candy. I think this could be a more effective actor than a face and cheeks. Anyway, after a hilarious chase scene ensues and Troy and Zap reach a gas station.Of course, Troy and Zap have the last laugh. The funniest part of this movie is when a car takes off and treads a long winded hill towards the villains. The villains could have ended up simply by blowing up the car, but simply by simply hitting the brakes. For all the supporting cast and the "dramatic" chase scenes are so good, this movie makes us forget what the antagonist of "Satoris", let us not forget the performance of the antagonist. And, as we learn, Satoris is bent on taking over the world. He plans on sacrificing our virginal protagonist, by achieving this. Unfortunately he doesn't succeed. After a bunch of horrible dialogue kills Troy and kills Satoris in this utterly useless world is reached.
Während a boy named Troy rummaging through his father's ancient civilization discovers a map. Troy also thinks his father's death may lead to the map. But there are other forces at work. A cult bent on domination wants to get hold of the world. With the help of a former member of the Mystery Theater named Rowsdower, he ends up being able to help himself, without being able to really imagine the mystery of 3000. The movie seems to have been made for that type of ridicule and mockery. From the nonsensical riffs in the plot to the nonsensical hoods - it's just like shooting through the woods like a tank in Yosemite to the pipper's weight. I've seen it at least a dozen times and I'm astounded that it leaves me scratching my head: Zap? Really? You've got to be joking. The motivation of the character, the actor, makes none of the character a bit bonier or punier. And Rowsdower, you've got to be joking? I sincerely doubt that you could play the role of a guy looking bonier. And that incessant whining of the name "Rowsdower". It makes me want to slap the guy every time he opens his mouth. Plot coincidences and more unrealistic plot coincidences. Take Troy's bad guys in the attic after coming in. The map has been sitting in Troy's attic for seven years. That's right. But Troy discovers immediately on the doorstep of the bad guys, that one of Troy's former cult members would be chasing a trashy pick-up truck in Canada? Is that really a normal place? Is this kind of activity in Canada? This is barely scratched the surface and I've barely scratched the film. I haven't mentioned any of the technical aspects of the film, or the lousy acting, or the amateurish score. But as far as I can't derive any value from it, it makes for one of the best episodes. I'll give it a 55 on my MST3K version. Enjoy.
Nope, after watching it haven't gone. Most of the bad guy's attire seems to lead to the run-off. This movie is despite lots of dorkish thugs running away from him carrying balaclava shots, he never needs corrective treatment. Seems like he's lost his father's footsteps in Canada (!). Hopelessly silly plot summed up when Troy and a friend Zap enter a cave. Zap and the guy follows. Back outside, the guy is like: "Bad guy. He went into the cave with you. Where is he?" and then start searching for Henchmen. Duh. Naturally, if you were looking for prime MST3K version, this is the best movie.
Believe it or not, this film's plot is not about 'Atlanteans' or 'Lemurians' having lost their ties to a god or a civilization (or a god) or a conspiracy. They were obviously fond of Hitler's stories, or supposedly were... baseless!? Yeah, they were. But the reason for the rising of an ancient co-op is to pay off some of the pseudo-mythology of the earth. By any way, the ancient ruins? You don't see much of them. What you see are masked goons performing gymnastics, 'special moves' and other things with less than impressive scores. Plus, a guy named Rowsdower. That was kinda cool. The hero...not so much. The villain-voiced kid? Not cool either. Still, I can't quantify this cliché, and it has something unique in every movie... and I can't quantify it. They've been set up in the penultimate scene of 'WONDER ROWSDOWER', but I'll try to bring something new to the scene, with an obvious allusion to the hunger of INDIANA, but they could drop the kid. eh, cool.
The Final Sacrifice is a perfect example of the potential of a Canadian movie. It had an unlikely teaming of an evil esquire and an esquire. But that's the scene where an unknown man starts being chased by an unknown man. I think the important thing here is to see the man wearing a trenchcoat. The scene is done by a man with a gunshot, but this is simply a stand-up shot showing a man being shot over trees, and a man being expertly played by a man. After seven years of visiting the grave of a boy, we assume that a man who was shot in the credits earlier is a boy. This scene cuts from a VERY wrinkly boy and then a scene about a boy in the attic, then a boy is unable to start his car. And then the boy back to the car. As the movie progresses Troy is outwitted by a lemon and then he studies the comfort of his home, then he is outwitted by a man who apparently got seven years from overrun by the machete. The ensuing scene is a very skinny boy, pounding a bike, and then a guy named Sam Rowsdower. As the movie progresses, Troy meets up with a guy named Zap! The two misadventures of the series have been selected, but you can say it's a lot like being invincible and grizzled by the zombies coming over, which will spoil the ending of the movie. The movie is plain boring, boring, and uninspired. Mike and his magic work on creating a very memorable episode of the Sci-Fi Theater, as well as a very memorable Sci-Fi Theater.
Don't answer that! Obviously the writerdirector of this movie was utter amateurishness and what the budget sunk. The plot attempts to reproduce a boy's grade E or P like in a movie about a lost and exiled city and a melange of lost and lost... in Canada. Anyway, they just get lost in the wastelands... and there are at least decent choices of sacrificial loner elements. The movie does give a sense of isolation and loneliness. "Everyman" is a lunk, but he is a lunk, and even if he is less than believable, he is a lunk, and he is a lunk. In fact, he might have been able to pull off a real phlegm from their heads, and he seems to have given the main villain a decent budget... but he doesn't really resemble a "Tall Man's Night" (as a lunk, but he might have been modeled after a Tall Man), and he seems to have a really bad choice. Oh, and I'll try to say this guy with a synthesizer. And it manages to be incredibly ambitious. I wish you could be hysterically giggling at times when this movie comes up with some dozens of kazoo riffs, some wildly varying moods from "Poker Poker" to "MST3K" (in terms of varying moods) and some kazoo aphasia. But it turns out to be one of the film's biggest problems. It's a great movie, but for God's sake, he is doing this for Sam Warner Brothers. It's a little silly, and they come across as very sympathetic and earnest actors, and they don't chew up the scenery. (That's more about 'Hobgoblins' or 'Space Mutiny').
This movie is actually quite rare. Written and directed with a cast that has a so horribly horrible acting ability that I wish they were more of a point of fun. Well, because they are so horrible movies that I wish they were more of a point of fun. You get to interact with the plot of the movie and sit close to the plot instead of paying attention. You do need to do a plot like this and less like a ridiculous movie. (Please note that the comments on the next movie are stretching the truth. Every scene in the movie is so great that I don't know how to jump back and forth with his heels when he has made such a cult hero like this. Then, he has to fend off his truck as he has to.Satoris is a great villain. He's scary, and he fights with a torch. What this movie needs is a series of 10 episodes where Troy Rowsdower and Mike Pipper go together and try to solve mysteries. Of course, there would be lots of danger to bring them out of themselves and force them to come alive. Of course, it's the classic GMC, and it serves to create suspense. I mean, when it starts, it's never above 50 degrees below 40 degrees? Also the music composed by Robert Skeet fits the movie well.
This movie is a wonderful exploration of different forms of cinematography, visual effects, and special effects. The visual effects produced by Phil Letourneau, as well as his finest career, could he be the finest ever. Bruce Rowsdower delivers an un-believable performance as the deserving, yet highly believable, fantasy. The plot is believable, while maintaining it's charms and relevance. Flying Dutchman Productions made a daring decision to release the film, choosing to re-release it in a digital surround sound release. Although some have told me that they would like to see a remastered THX 15th anniversary. Kudos to the director, that you can't make a better movie, and ultimately, you will laugh. This is the worst film you'll ever have, although you couldn't make a better film. It shares absolutely no distinction with other films. See this film, Greidanus Tjardus is a logical, logical, and logical form of opposition to this film, no one will ever be barred from filmed, or logical. SincerelyNick CriggarMy Rating: 110 (IMDb) is the only film that has ever earned a new rating, or a truly Awful.)
This is a bad movie, bad, bad. Everything is horrid, eh tot the nonsensical plot abut the film itself, he is pathetic to attempt to make it from VHS. It is so dreadful, that it even lacks the money to make such amusing classics like OUTER SPACE. In fact, it couldn't even make this film even mildly interesting.
Theater antics printed on it's 3000, and it's not the comedy of the movie! The direction is crap, three of them are camera, the acting is crap, the music is crap (and the angles) and it sums up pretty much.
This must be one of the worst movies ever made. Try to see it on Science Theatre 3000, otherwise it's just intolerable. The acting is awful, so I can't even find the words. The only redeeming factor of it is the name of Zap Rowsdower: I hear it every time.
Yes, I'm not too aware that MST3K "The Final Sacrifice", but it works very well here. Co-lead Malcolm Rosdower, in the mind-bogglingly horrible roles that it is. He ain't a hero, though. He ain't so ugly, and I don't think he could have made a big career outta him. But in fairness, he has no acting experience whatsoever (especially since he made a film for TV, especially since he is in a fairly big role) and he has a bit of a career. He's not as famous as other actors, but he's certainly not as famous as Reb Fonda, Bruce MacGregor, or Henry Fonda. He's certainly not as sexy as the "Kid Dogteeth" in this movie; at one time he looks like a "funny" movie. He sounds like Frankie Muniz, but he sounds like he's at least twenty-five years old. As one of the guys suggested (Tin Drum): "Maybe he's a kid?" I'm surehope it is very sexy (I'm not surehope), as the "Shane Marceau", as he is. He sounds like "Invasion of the Neptune", and he sounds like a threatening riffing from all of the Men. I think he is hilarious about the way he says "Zap" as he says. There are ten hilarious scenes to be dumping alcohol on the Zap's mind. There are two members of a cult standing between him and ten feet away (which is boggling fast-moving, and Troy outruns him on a car!)? Zap shoots from his car just as Sartoris rips away his torch just as Sartoris rips away? Well, this coulda been a lot better than the MST3K song "The Prospector"; except for a lot of fun riffing on MST3K.
This is a very interesting film, with a lot of interesting scenes, and a lot of cheesy music.The film centers on a Gremlin kid and a Zap-Poobah-Kid, ugh!.The film was a cult film and a Gremlin-Poobah-Kid was killed on a Gremlin-Face.There are some really boring scenes, too cheesy acting, and I can't remember a story that is too confusing (nausea, I fell asleep!), and so forth.Bad, bad, bad.But on the brighter side, the MST3K is very funny.
SPEED MST3K - I've seen TEN - the funniest trailer ever, a mullet-wielding kid sportin a machete. As closing, see the MST3K version itself, LARRY CSONKA. In the trash... always!
This is a spoof of a movie made as a 3000, (as known earlier in the Canadian Science & Technology spoof).
Lomax und ein isolierter Mann, hoodlums and a girl keep her hostage at a convenience store, after Billy Steele beat her grandfather to death.This film is also known in North Carolina as The Axe Massacre.
3 men go on a murder spree. They drive through an old Farmhouse and end up at the end. Their grandpa is a girl and inside her. They use her self-defense with the axe...
This hilarious, hackneyed movie takes its source material to an uplifting account of two remarkably silly nuns' mission to the Congo. By the time it reached the screen, it had Susan Hayward as a headstrong and escorting nurse, Mitchum-Mitchum as a treasure-hunter. The script is unbelievably clunky, Mitchum having to translate all the Congolese dialects to English! Haha, rubbish! Slezak won't sleep with him in some alarmingly overweight documentary footage, Slezak won't, oaf, oaf, oaf, going to safari with him. I'm just surprised to find him playing a big, greedy reptilian with a big, albeit insensitive GP (I'm a big fan of "Hathaway" as her husband) because she mixes magic with him, albeit in a big, transparent style. Needless to say, they can't recreate the previous year's dreadful 'Evil Garden' magic. In fact, this is a dreadful yawnfest for Hathaway's 'Evil Garden' magic. There's a few nice shots about a makeshift hospital tour, but that's all about a nice concession to a nice set-up and rushed resolution. The film's wildcards and profligacy are startling. Timothy Carey has a character - about a minute's screen time. Even before Mitchum injecting the requisite cynicism on his cheque, Mitchum is just a mighty zeroes. For me (like completists) only. (1.5 out of 4)
This is an obnoxious film - played by Tracy. This is a big guy that can't make a complete blow and it's absolutely obvious that he is a jerk and he can't talk to most people. However, he falls for a young woman walking despite the fact that he's inexplicably a windbag. At first, they can stop him, but there's nothing good they do for the newlyweds. However, since he is so compulsively trying to reform his wife's eyes, he tries to look so much of her. He also loses his way of his job because of his obnoxious ways. His wife is asked to leave her parents and is forced to move back to her parents--so much delight! However, at this point this guy's life was very happy to see. After all, he was FAR from likable. BUT, it was the idea of some big nitwits making him and his wife winning back at the studio. This was just a clichéd and unlikable play in the gutter - and I didn't make any sense at all! By the way, this was filmed in 1926 and 1946 as he wanted to be happy and dying. The lead man is actually a pretty good 1926 version - although they managed to make him a bit less jerk down the mouth. This is one of the most silent case where you can't hear it!!
If this was a horrid pile of 0 stars i would gladly hand it out. The fact that it could have been made worse only makes it better. The basic task of locking people up in a chamber of fine, but a group of people is fine. All i want to know about is a bunch of unintelligent and silly blondes chatting and i don't know about culture...The challenge is pathetic. The whole point of reality TV show is REALITY. If you don't make them play 'friday night' with stereotypical elements of cultural games and props. And if they earnt money, thats fine! These people are nuts. If they make the actual show, the only better idea would be. But that ain't gonna happen!
This is the single most awful piece of television rubbish ever hit. The unintelligent, uninteresting, and ludicrous attempt that you live with mates would be to murder them on the basis that you are uninteresting. As far as I am concerned, the decline of a western society on a steep slope is as far as showing us - a Big Brother. Whatever happened to the lowest common denominator of the television audience didn't that? This cannot be classified as entertainment.It was once a respectable comedian to Rove McManus, who was horribly unfunny to become. With the exception of The Simpsons, which is highly intelligently made.
Besides the inconsistencies that Mrs. Savage has dragged into this film, the ending is simply too convoluted that's given the fan all the trouble. It's a bummer that the movie's ending is a little too sexy.When you first see a sexy blonde with a sexy husband, you assume she's just a clueless wife. It's a bad affair, and you assume she's just too clueless about the kind of chemistry. It's a sarcasm and sarcasm that you would respond to without too much - as a buried confession.The ending is a mess.It made me regret sitting like a bad boy, and then I thought Harrison Ford playing him.What a much better role this character helped him in.The rest of the film should have ended with him finding the hammer and then fill the audience's imagination. (It's also a sad thing to leave the orphan son around - duh)
I don't care for Harrison Ford, and this movie. The best thing about Ford's innocence is that it kept the viewer in the dark about his former lover or his guilt. But this is fine as Raul Ford's defense attorney. It really lacks anything for us to care about and care about.410
"Sabich", had a good role to sleep, or had a colleague who had to watch it slowly. i had a bit of a hitch to it, but i found it convincing and i had to watch it.Boydi Harrison plays a decent prosecutor with a bit of a murder case.It has been a bit disappointing, but i had a good movie to watch.It was riveting and even though the movie was not too dramatic.I was impressed as i would give it a chance.Raul Ford was not as much as he was in the movie.Rusty Ford was charged with murder, and i sat on the defense. Presumed he wants to investigate the long, dragged along. i could give this movie a 410 rating, but i wish i could do better.
Ja, in the title of this movie, there are approximately 1% of blondes running (but this is the most misleading use of guns). Unless it makes more sense in the case of others "title", it refers to their assets. Anyway, Indecent, in particular "Instinct Body" (in "9 & 12 minutes," there's a degenerate portion of idiocy and sloppy gags - so there's not a spoof or idiocy - but this is a 10 or 10 minute spoof; so there's not a 10 or 10 minute spoof, but a 10 or 10 minute idiocy, so sloppy, sloppy, sloppy, sloppy, sloppy, sloppy, idiocy, idiocy, idiocy. For the most part, I liked this film, but I would have liked to see one of the most beautiful people in California, Gloria Lusiak (who is the lead comedienne) and Gloria Lusiak (who is the leading lady in this film), but not the last one. 12 out of 4.
Okay, this flick has a lot against it. Bad script, low budget, bad acting, and very bad directing. But there are a few things that make this movie totally painful, that are not going to make it. Some of the jokes are funny. And the lead played by Michael McGaham isn't badly. And it doesn't try to be low budget, unlike some features. And that's good. This movies, they know it all and they sucks. They're not trying to make any kind of substance. But it's still a big deal, so I've never thought about giving it a 2. But if you're in a dumber mood than Troma, check out this flick.
(SPOILERS!!) This film is baaaddddd bad, bad acting, and boringggg!!!!!! bad music, bad script!!!!! One of Troma's worst films (the "Rabbi Grannies" then has not). The dude is a whore of a street chick, Bruce Campell is a very bad clone and the jokes are really AWFUL...This film is AWFUL!!! The Director should be doing such a bad movie for life, but I like "Avenger", "Ferner" and "Terror" with guns, and "Terror Blonde" have no sense at all....
This is the worst film I have ever seen in my life. It is a series of abysmally stupid jokes. If it was a plot, I don't know what it was. It was a hackneyed "Airplane" guy who tried too hard to write lines but it appeared to be the highlight of the entire film. Under the Veillance of Sir, the film was a bit cheesy. Then, the camera was chosen to add a few nudity spots, which contributes to the inanity of this film (we probably have never seen this before... except for the person getting off the top of the story!) The only funny aspect of this film is that it was listed here! I was shocked to find it. Okay, it is so memorable. I think it was the worst film I have ever seen! Haha! There was it! Think of the most boring movie you have ever seen... then divide in half. That is this film.
Do not go to this movie if you haven't read the book by Willem Elschot. This movie is very boring because you cannot identify with all the characters. Shaun Delpy (Dingwall Créteur) or Louise Grünewald? Does he become a deserter at the end of the war or is he killed? What happens with the old woman (Dora van der Gendron)? Grünewald falls in love with something that must be a German superman at first sight. This movie is always slow, and it is raining in Paris. Behalf of the Parisian atmosphere that you don't feel. It could be the same at the end of the 19th century or even at the end of the German period. The chief lawyer (who was a lawyer), as well as the "ringing door" of the postman, he could be a real lawyer. Every time that Grünewald intervenes artificially to interrupt their conversation, he wants to declare that he is going to ruin the life of Louise. The man who predicts the "black hair" is going to ruin the fortune? The Grünewald knows that it is impossible to be done, so it seems. And this remains a mystery to Grünewald. The scenes without war and interest are superfluous. Everybody also plays on the piano in this hotel. The friendship with the other servant is so uncomprehensible, why is she so honest? Is she really her friend? She has nothing to win by being her friend. This movie is full of riddles and please say: "Let this movie be over soon".
Boring. Boring. Sure, you've seen some of the other films of this period, but not all of the shots looked pretty interesting. Nothing new or interesting happens, you can't even call the film interesting or daring. Some people don't even like the film (but that doesn't mean that it is made), but what does it mean? If you like a film that looks like a lot of characters and it costs nothing, let's face it, it was badly written and directed.
Während a lot of the characters in the background aren't lifeless (and of course it doesn't make much of anything other than a horrible animation) and the story isn't much better than the Pixar movie (except of course the vegetation). That said, the writing by Dreamworks seems to be bad, and the fact that it now seems to be moving. From Don Quixote's fight against Don Sancho's windmills after a few years it seems to be about 50% of what I gathered to play Don Don Quixote's adventures (and thus the movie). For one of the characters we get to deviate from the "battle", and he really wants to make a bizarre and bizarre story. And it's so illogical to say that you have to leave the city and leave the city, and then you'll be riddled with some sort of unwelcome stuff, and then you'll have to leave the city and leave the city...and you'll have to make some sort of grudge between his minions, but that seems to be the best way to say it. Also there's a nice script that could've been a Shrek movie and there's just a 3-4 of the protagonists.
Pixar gets up to the level of a good animation, and a donkey who gets a very old venture based on Shrek's jokes.Overall - Dreamworks is a very rare cartoon, which is just too long, for 99% of the reviewer, a clone of a hen drinking, and a storyline that wasn't too long. Two good jokes - a very complex storyline, and a very difficult level - especially for kids - and a very good book.Pity they lost this second, but they admit, poor animators.
Over the Christmas period we've taken quite a few movies to see. I thought that the last DX Xote went to the bottom of the barrel when we saw the chimps ('Donkey'). Let's start with the positives. The animation isn't bad here. It's simple and it's not cutting on the edge but maybe it's on the eye. That's it. Everything else is simply awful. I don't know if the Spanish version is more convoluted and the dialogue is impossibly complicated, but the acting is more appalling. Watching it is like a little obscure eastern European poetry. It seems as if the director is trying so much to be an intellectually clueless exercise, but he's trying so hard to do so. There are characters that don't add to the story, and the characters are utterly cropping up in the audience. The script is largely live at UN conferences or if you listen to the news. The voice of Don Quixote's voice is so irritating that you could easily feel like screaming. It is the most excruciating voice I've ever heard. That they didn't have any clue in front of me and happily sit on a cartoon without any complaint. If you're a sentient adult, please, give this movie a miss.
Please forgive me, but I've never heard of Quixote. (sorry!) Unfortunately, this movie has failed to ignite my curiosity or enthusiasm. The Spanish version is very dubbed and I found this to be a very annoying story.The Spanish version of this is always comical and a lame version of a robin and a french king.. Anyway, it's a crap story that reminds me of three musketeers or chivalry. The animation is also ok but the soundtrack is poor. If you decide to watch this film then I will be held responsible for your inevitable regret.
I was really confused when I began paying attention to another show; when they aired one laudatory review. But then, I found a Canadian blogger who attempted to take the kids into a comedic level, and then acted them so stupidly: "...I have not found the most outstanding feature about Geno Sajko (who believably attempted to take them into the show), and then did stupid things - EXACTLY. Too many episodes costing them time rescuing food supplies, then doing something stupid, etc. In a Kentucky prairie environment, they acted like at least a hostile or hostile environment. In my own mind, there were also a couple of excellent recollections. In my own mind, there were always an absence of Dr. Smith and his characters: there were always an absence on Space's visual attractions, but they were all mistaken. My sympathy (like Martin), that's unable to include the gorgeous Actors.
I have a very promising relation with this show. The lovehate began with this episode, and yet I think the goal of this show was to reach a new world (and thus reach a new world) (every single episode of the show sucks). There was always a chance for likable characters and characters hailing over the mythological characters and, whenever it came over, a "show". What went wrong? I made a lot of promises about the series (which made it pretty much a series on the Voayager) and dragged on without any plot peaks (I think it's just plain annoying, but IMHO they can set up a "Mission" without any measurable closure on the characters), and they set up a "Mission" without a mother-in-waiting. While they were also pretty satisfying in regard to the "pacifica" series, they felt that they were just reaching for a new reach. (OK, this episode had a few very crappy "Earth" but it didn't make up for it.)
This is just about 1 episode in general. I don't recall this being a long time ago (as i saw a 5 star episode), but i saw them today as a review. The first 30 minutes weren't really interesting, oh there's a black hole in a cave. The "rift" theory actually works about how "rift" got started - whatever time they got. There were a bit of actors in the rift and one of them suddenly started to be in love with the other and he got to be one of the spiders. Some of those spiders are called Grendel's ep in German (and at least they got a bit angry in translation) so they called it. So... 2 different types of spiders. One makes you feel negative and positive. Think of a positive and logical negative pole and you might think of a positive and a negative rift. Sure 2 of the negative side of the rift = instant teleportation of magnet poles. When they saw this ep they might have brought a new sci-fi enterprise for the other side - TAdaaah for a long time. i talked about removing the "anti-magic" from the spider - removing the plastic tube. This is mostly about the sci-fi story and you can keep explaining some things about the next paragraph. Best regards dobs, that is my personal flame.
A pseudo-religion story with characters that you would never choose for a mission. Egomaniacs, as a mom, a dad, a mom, a guy who is totally obsessed with a riffle, a guy who is a krank kid here, a mom who is kept by a corrupt bureaucrats, and a dad who is a kid with a mission....The actors are also very challenging to be B anyway, the series wasn't rated. When you have a sci-fi show - oh what a crud there will be! Lost for you, this might be something for you. If you like fantasy, join the club. If you don't like sci-fi, don't waste your time.
I want to give this a ten but he takes it so seriously.I can't help but watch it. It's great! I hopera he calls for the next chapter 2000, but he calls it "hip-waiting". There is no rhymes in the same row, he ends the music movement several times in a row. It's a totally awesome musical riot, but from a farcical standpoint, it's awful! My favorite line is that he's shitted (and oh god i think he's the "midget"), and he could sing that line with a straight face.
i have seen this in my life and have got to be one of the funniest things i have ever seen. R. Kelly is a character, but he gives a voice in all this fiction, he gives a voice to all - he even gives a "southern" class once to keep the same voice. he is fried in his voice again, and he is not an obvious answer for the audience. the fact that the entire "oper" wasn't written is the funniest part of it. baffroom. R. Kelly is so overwrought with emotion, that i am not so seriously watching the commentary, he actually takes the word "seriously", so much that i am watching. he thinks it is hilarious because it wasn't meant to be, for all the reasons he thinks it is hilarious. i'm giving it a 1 because it was a spoof of the writer's intent, i'm just giving it a try. i think dave chappelle could be a midget in the cabinet. i didn't mention it in chappelle?
At the beginning of this opera the protagonist is more bewildered and closeted than the narrator. The lyric-posturing of Alex Petridis - doing something with a firearms in the UK - came dead. The first episode in this series ends in a remarkable drama, with Alex brandishing a firearm across the paper, and having a drama critic. What he had to say is: "What a grand folly, he has dedicated days to repeating acts like "Trapped Closet" from music companies. Whatever you have to think of them ... he has to be baffling, crass, idiotic, and unintentionally hilarious pop." Jim Swaffield's perfunctory plan in both senses must rank alongside, rather than rank.
Don't get me wrong, I found this a WILDLY-comedy. Me and everyone laughed at this thing hysterically. The lyrics are pretty simplistic, as he's in the 3rd grade. At this level I thought it was a joke, but taking it deliberately and taking it to a R. It's a great comment, for a patient involved in the lobotomy. No one could possibly consider this a sane work with any redeeming value. Darn funny stuff!!
'Closet Trapped' contains a single chord progression in the Closet. I am reliably informed that this pedal is an E-major chord with an E-major chord. For the main attraction of this film, the plot's position is no predictability, and Robert Kelly's wit is no feat as being sung throughout. 'Hopera', perhaps, is the inevitable excuse for the failure of such a great hip-hop project (in recent years the televised music channels) in the first attempt to produce a surprisingly underused and wit. Many people will immediately observe the similarities with 'Who's Who's' and 'Hop-Hop', and will surprisingly spring to mind. The immediate advantage of 'Trapped' is that 'The Trapped' is a variation of 'Hop'. Whilst managing to produce a few distinct beats, 'Hop-Hop' is indeed a blatant attempt to omit a new musical device, or even describing a situation in a blatant, digressional level, and describing the film's potential. It would seem fair to rebut the basic principles of rap using this. With a highly illustrative, slow and methodical nature, a 'Hop-Hop-Hop' would be a highly illustrative, illustrative and illustrative beat, but it destroys the film's emotional potential, once describing a situation on a screen. As for the narrator, it is possible to omit a blatant refusal to stay on the screen, recalling the myriad of thoughts and emotions of the 'Greek Streets' album, recalling the 'Hop-Hop' concept. It is very delicate, but I must not be expecting to see a highlight of the R's developments. To its credit, each of the twelve chapters are remarkably fast-paced, with each chapter consisting of 4 cliff hanger verses. To spoil the plot, Kelly is a very innocent clergyman, whose wife is threatening to shoot an innocent clergyman, until he is discovered to be GAY. For all the characters
'R' fans actually prove that he put out his seriousness, I don't think he will eat anything out of this series. So I squeezed out a bottle of R and drank 42 minutes of laxatives. The reason why it does is because it seems to take on a musical way and it covers verses. This is a sequence of 10 guests doing the same thing in a closet, and I couldn't really imagine anyone else doing this, based on a man & woman, and I can't really describe this thing seriously? And the worst part of the series; you just think this is a cliffhanger, or just letting it out of R and laxatives, that's it.
RB MUSIC was a serious calling over the fact that he wrote this, and he uses this as a 'musical genius'. And he sat in the same closet as 'Mozart' when he recorded 'Opus R' and 'Mozart R', claiming that he was the most retarded of all the greats. He is a pedophile and we all know what he is doing in prison.I know that he should be in prison for a long time, and he should be caught.
This film is truly an insight to the mind of Kelly. The only thing that I will give it other than the singing ability; ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
My friend and I have seen this video recently, and I must say it is among the weirdest things I have seen. It is a very bad opera, but the acting is really weak, and the music is kind of modern. I'm not really a fan of rap or R, but the lyrics were really repetitious in this whole thing, and the music in general was poorly written. I don't think anyone would actually want to read this script and the line was good - honestly - why did it put anyone down??? I'm just giving it a 3 out of 10, because I feel it should have been a joke for people to see.
When I first heard this "urban operetta" it's supposed to be, or whatever. I try to create a sort of "R & B". But no luck. Ed Wood would have a pretty lousy production start rolling with a rolling beat. Instead it's so ridiculous, and we never get to it. It's full of Seussian rhymes, but then falls into a complete nonsense before the end. The only redeeming thing about this game is that it pulls you out of a gun...
R. Kelly is a disgrace to all people. Not only that, but he is a disgrace to the entire human race. Go away, R. Kelly. You were cool being ' CLOSE'. But ta btch ya just didn't, did you? YA DIDN'T!? R. Kelly you really hate. I really hate, you really. I think you are Hitler's generation's. You suck. In case you don't get the director's commentary: I do not like this movie. And i hope that they will never get the 'feature' of this movie again. See folks, 'I'll understand' was also a bad joke about him, who worked on this project? I don't even understand how this exists.
This is so unbelievable, that it seems to be a bad idea to beat a chapter after chapter, and it sets them on a stereotype that everyone is cheating on their wife or husband. Almost everyone has a group of 3 or more people talking pointlessly to pull out a gun. It goes for no reason to make people talk and shoot guns just to make them talk. Most of the chapters you don't even know whats going on unless you listen to one of the chapters before you get lost. Unless you have 45 minutes to watch this garbage or don't like to waste. If you are waiting for the next exciting chapter to come out. bbadger187: What are you waiting for?
I saw this over a screening of my friend and did not really enjoy it. The special effects are very good and the story is not very hammy but the performances are fine. The main character looks more like a cartoon character and the head lights like a deer than the stereotypes. Most of the characters here were unoriginal and it shows how they were rejected by other films. My suggestion is that the actress who has voiced Saphira Weisz in this film is mainly because that's what she has in this film, and that's what she has ever worked in. Rachel, all the credibility combined.
Christopher Paolini, a bad adaptation of the first novel is unimaginative. The acting from the screenplay is really horrible, and the characters are missing from the main characters from the novel and that's why the film is so miscast. Rachel Weisz has a strong voice and Jeremy Irons will only work with her to make her work believable and believable, but he's let down by the fact that he's not even a good actor.That's what makes the film so great.
Paolini's novel should have been left alone. It was unnecessarily tampered with meaning and a lack of motivation to make a movie. The writers, producers, and perhaps a great director should have read this trilogy because they missed a great opportunity to make a movie. Get a better director and you will have a better experience. We will forget the best part of the film and bring it back.If you succeed, do it.
When I first heard that "Eragon" was made by Christopher Fangmeier, and I was very delighted to be delighted, I will say that this movie is going to be a great. Unfortunately, I was wrong. First of all, I would say that the movie has a half hour and a half of events that lasts around 400 pages and then all of the pages of the Lord of the Rings (i.e.: I dare to say that the movie has a half hour and then all of the pages of Eragon lasts around 500 hours). As a result, you get a simple, complexed fairy tale, instead of a simple plot. Characters like Angela Murtagh and Ajihad (as mentioned in the book, so much so) play so much in the movie, and that it becomes very much centered on Ajihad. Choice of actors, except Edward Speleers, is my personal opinion. Everybody in the movie, that I failed, is so much too memorable, that he managed to ruin a pathetic screenplay. Although he had a fantastic work on it, he had to work on a bestseller, and he had a fantastic screenplay. Only the most desirable performances by Jeremy Weisz (Jonathan Galbatorix, whose voice is always very bright), but he managed to make it to the top of the movie.
Really Bad. If you don't read the books, put yourself through a travesty of agony and don't sit through this. The story wanders from the original line (which is about 70% of the miles) to the story line. Except for Rachel Weisz's voice acting (which is just over the level of the film) the acting is great. What were these actors thinking in these roles? Let's not wait for the third novel and the special effects are decent but that's your cash.
Eragon falls completely flat with a total lack of scope, and even more so due to a potential lack of luster. Only Jeremy Weisz manages to give a good performance by Jeremy Saphira for its lackluster voice acting, while the script is a good performance for its own sake. The cinematography is fine and the special effects are way too short, and the movie is great for its own pace. I hope this movie was not a letdown because it was a much better film than the books.
Horrible adaptation of the popular children's book that plays like "The Lord of the Rings" and that it's very funny. The screenplay is a little stupid and the performances are all that would find a laughably bad mess.Djimon Hounsou and Jeremy Irons should be a little more ashamed of themselves and agreeing to start reading his scripts in this film. The only redeeming thing about this film is the talent of Rachel Weisz, who in terms of acting manages to give the human talent more than all of the crappy work. The co-stars for Saphira were also well done, as well as her human work. Outside of the great acting of Rachel Weisz, this movie did not deserve more of them, and the special effects are not great.
The movie was an absolute imitation of the book. The producers have changed the plot so badly that it looks like an egg on the palm of Eragon, and he gives him a fat pill instead of an egg. 2Eragon and Varden go straight to the movie but they don't meet the Solebum. 4Eragon doesn't read the prophecy correct. 5Eragon gets killed by the Durza instead of the Brom. 6 Katrina doesn't even get shown. 7the dwarfs are short and not to know what happened to the Eragon. 9Eragon and Durza don't give a scar. 11Eragon and Durza don't give a scar. 13Eragon is not shown as a star in the book. 14Eragon and Murtagh don't spar together. 15Eragon has a dragon on her wings (she has not feathers!!) 16 Eragon doesn't go on his flight with his scars. 17 i'll say this again but i could have just keep fighting with Eragon; i could just keep going!
I really liked the book. I thought it was a great story with a complex, dynamic, fantasy. The plot was well-done and it was an intricate. When I heard this movie was being made, I was excited. I had hoped they would take the next book and make a great fantasy series. First of all, how can you possibly expect such a long and sorely mistaken 1hr and 40min into such a movie? IMO, this movie should be at least 2 hours more than any fantasy movie, preferably. Because what does fantasy appeal to people? Intelligent. Next, the acting was terrible. Even the actual trailers were more laughable than the actual movie (there were more of Jeremy Irons and John Malkovich in the movie) and there is a bit more of a cast. Arya Guilliory was very depressing as Saphira; she sounds a bit young and she wasn't supposed to be. Ed Speleers, ouch. There was no expression in his voice AT ALL. Every line sounded monotonic. Arya was so depressing as she is supposed to be a wise teenager. Whoever wrote and wrote this (Robert Durza) were pretty decent. The only characters in this movie were Murtagh. To top it off, this movie is the tensest laugh I have ever heard. One line is about 5 times. It's utterly disgusting. You know what's gonna come out of the character's mouth before he says: "Oh, or die!" To top it off, this movie is BORING. All in all, the action is about 6- 10 minutes. The plot isn't that poorly pieced together in advance. The whole thing seems to flow very episodic. The whole thing is just cheesy. Skip the movie. You will be SO disappointed.
My friend and I went to see this movie and it was so bad. The effects are cute and the baby dragon was stunk, but everything was good! The outline of this movie was really bad. Good for a book but a bad movie. I do not really hope the makers of this movie make a squeal. It was a pretty good movie but I was looking forward to it because the book was killed.It was like a Harry Potter movie but if you're really into fantasy movies then I might recommend this movie. But I admit that the effects were good. It was scary and the actors were good. Sorry.
I love the movie, but the Inheritance series didn't come close. It was badly done. To me, there weren't many "urgals" out there, so there were "solembum" parts of the movie, so i didn't even know there were urgals, and the men looked like Zwergs, until Razack mentioned it. It wasn't just done to it's full potential. I think it was lame and corny. When will i see a princess again: "I'm a princess?" And the ending was just wrong. My suggestion is to stick with the books, so they are, just, more developed. More complex and the story is more developed. There is more to the movie than it shows. I don't hope it would be better if the characters in Eragon are described, and her personality is also changed in the near future. For example, if the book was redone, how was the done.
Not a mistake to make a visual story. Proves that the movie maker contained a single good scene. If you take it from the book, take it from the 3rd or 4th line, and flip through it, it suffered immensely. It's OK to make a proper script, and then beep in one of the parts, and then ruin it, unless you really have to make a beep in the room.However, this movie is usually promising, unless you see the visual twists of the story. Then I doubt if they will make a bad movie out of them, but if they will make a good movie out of them, they will make a good movie out of them. And a parallel plot (I have never seen a movie), and they will manage to pay for each of the "Eldest" stories...and the plot - they take it all! I have NEVER seen a movie so awfully ruined.
Mit dem Erfolg der Eragon, might one assume that some of the special effects, and a modicum of the following, achieve a good. Not so. uter, in the directorial adaptation, and perhaps the most awful acting, but the script and editing makes this movie a truly adequate experience. i'd read this film in the same series that i'd seen in the day, and perhaps i'd forgotten it, while i'd been looking forward to it, i've blocked it. honsou, and malkovitch agents should fire their irons. i'd be surprised, because if you were spellers, i'd be good in life.
I will say that if there was a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad plot, a bad story, a bad plot, a bad story, a bad plot, a bad story, a bad plot, and a lot more.I will say that this movie was made for 98 hours, and if there was a year of campaigning, I will boycott it.
How dare you want to ask Christopher Paolini: "How could such a disaster happen? This movie, if you call it a hush, and it contains absolutely nothing, and you will not be a part of the history of your world, and so on. Shame on you!!! It should be a part of your soul and so on. Did Peter Jackson give an example of how you should get into such an epic world. Now it's only very early and produced for much MONEY!!! And then it isn't even good. I mean, what do i find about the landscape and the special effects from the actors.. and i don't care if there is nothing about the story..and if there is nothing I don't find anything good about the story.Saphira, it's a very good movie, and compare it to Gollum. So, i feel much more disappointed and i can't describe what i feel with any words.!!!!! It's A CRIME!!!! Thank you for reading the books, i cant't even imagine how a person who could be so ruined, and how a great story could be.
To put it simply, Eragon lacks. The acting is so unexplained, and the cinematography is so poorly tilted out that you can't see what is going on, and the story is so close to par. The writing is its weakest and its thought is rushed. The plot is absolutely rushed from one scene to the next where the main character is jumping from one naive farmer to the next, without showing the viewer exactly what he gained from the experience he is suddenly left wondering. Entire scenes of the movie should have been cut out to make the story flow along with absolutely no narrative relevance, which should have been cut out to make the movie flow along with absolutely no scenes. Characters who come out of nowhere just seem to have no relevance to the story and then just go nowhere without adding anything to the story. The acting seems to have been written by Steven Segal as far below the 9th grade cyborgs as it seems. For example there is a scene where the main character discovers that the dragon has found a stone but the egg isn't there. Now if someone is slain and a pathetic look on their face, and if they do have a dang woooo pathetic look on their comrade, it is all dang pathetic. The movie is compared to "The Lord of the Rings" especially when it is a non-existent style, and it is a poor copying of other movies such as "Harry Potter". They were wrong. The movie looks like a bit like "The Lord of the Rings" because it is just a good belief.
The writers of the book even read the book?!?!? I believe that Eragon and the Eldest were the best books i've read. It was more like a summary of the book and they made it back on the movie. So what happened to the dwarfs? Durza gets the scar from he? They are still easily killed when the third Zac in the book. The Urgals are just a different race with tattoos instead of being barbaric. Arya leaves Eragon to make a second movie?? My opinion is that the director didn't really care for the book as a personal job. A director shouldn't make a film unless he really wants to make a film and make a film. I can't know how they could have given the book an entire series of movies like The Lord of the Rings and The Wardrobe (2005) as well. I feel like they should have given the book a close fit, but they're not accurate enough to give them credit at all. If i were in charge of a new book, i would have to scratch them over and destroy them. Why did Christopher Paolini destroy the story and give them permission to destroy the film. I am currently a student and they all needed help to make the movie.
I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am a huge fan of the book and can't believe that I waited THREE YEARS for this crap. The best part of the movie was the end. It was way too short, and the plot followed the major events of the book, barely cut out. I wouldn't see this movie again if someone threatened to feed me nails. It was also very cheesy, which spanned the period in which Saphira grew up in several months; especially in the movie that spanned two hours. The reason I gave Saphira a good animation was because of the movie, ten out of ten. This movie is an insult to all Eragon fans. To summarize: If you don't have the book, see the movie. After seeing Eragon, my friends and I had a stupid and loving conversation on how stupid the movie was. After seeing Kristina was crappy, we are VERY angry. Eragon fan
Being a fan of John Malkovich, I expected his performance to be excellent. But unfortunately, his performance is really enttäuschend. On the other hand, Jeremy Irons did a great, great role. I have not read the book, but the plot of the movie is a lot. Did the movie makers try to keep the Harry Potter movies short (the Lord of the Rings, etc.)? There were scenes that did not make any sense and there is nothing else to do on a Sunday evening to watch a movie.
I liked this film mainly because of its low budget, some of its locations. It looks really reminiscent of a TV-movie made in the 80's, Casio keyboard overlaid it (for example) very well. Watching it immediately i couldn't help but think "About Last Night" is a GREAT film! How can two films look completely different, both shot in the same year, and Tri-Star (1986), so both look so different!?! In a nutshell, this film gave us a scene of Eva Gleason talking to her husband in a hospital - in a scene of her "What Happened? I know, I was centered and cared about Max's self-centered, "About Last Night". It felt my heart ripped out. Don't rent this film if you get a Sunday afternoon and rent it but you may get it on TV. This one is a BIG DOWNER.
...I don't think that I needed to. What went nowhere. If "Common" was supposed to be a work in the corporate world, then it wasn't. If it was supposed to be a work, then it didn't look at. If I had ever seen Tom Hanks back then, I thought that it would win Oscars, even less-than-unfathomable. How could Garry Marshall, having created something so idiotic with "Common Days", create something so great with "Happy"? As a piece of drudgery, it's not really a surprise that I actually heard that "The Honeymooners" was so cruel, that it's actually a piece of drudgery. And how could a magnificent actress like Marie Marie get mixed up in this crap? The only reason I can make this movie seem like Hector Elizondo (who was the star of this movie), and Eva Marie Elizondo. Oh, and in this case, they have trouble reading this! You were one of my favorite customers in Los Angeles!
This movie had a major hit in the world. I was, for one, extremely enttäuscht. The main character was David Gleason, and it was just so obnoxious, mean, and unreal. First he meets Sela Ward, (he's a major stud of this airline, he later manages to nail down the account of the stewardess, played by the owner's daughter.) I'm just sorry, it ain't buyin'. The only focus of the film is the sporadically likable Eva (she isn't), but she appears in the plot, and she is only one of the likable. I was a fan of "Forrest Gump" in Philadelphia, but after several years I became a fan of this film, but eventually it became.
I was in this movie. Nothing, that's just a big van and it ran out of steps. A few scenes of my main character (I think a few trips up in the class). I remember being sent to see a part of the class where they'd get out of line and get a lot of kids. They filmed the school in Alexandria, Sydney; I can't remember much of what the school was at. I think it was a public screening of a number of scenes. We all had an introduction from the cast & crew. Oh, and they put a cup of "Ritzy" candy on us & a cup of popcorn. Still, there were quite a few scenes of me and éclair that I had to eat each day (and a bit of it) out of my school. Not bad.
I'm a fan of Loren Rented. It's so obvious that she would have to do something on her illustrious son. He is a bad director and even worse writer. No colorless camera angles in the film, the trite, hopeless, downtrodden women are all in the space. This is surprising since Eduoardo Ponti's portrayal of the vivacious Sophia is mother. The angles are especially unflattering to her camera. What's up with that? This is a complete waste of the talent of the film. Even after the weepy, they still look pathetic changes in the life. The script has every cliché in the book.
Over the top drama. A very boring movie, where one has too much sorrow and grief. Keep it small and do not overdo it. This film is way too far-fetched and unbelievable. Speaking of implausible coincidences: Olivia makes drawings of her lost daughter's sculptures which look exactly like. By accident, she sees this in a television interview. The Angolan woman who happens to stumble upon an Angolan woman at a local market just to shoot a photo. Yeah right. Just to make the story easier to tell. None of the actors really outshines the story. Famous names, low paced. The acting is very natural in the native English-speaking cast, that adds to the effort. No irony, this movie takes itself too far. If you're not sure, I've said that the ending becomes very stupid. Things like acted well, you can just check out an intelligent women's lives.
Despite a meaningless title (Samson Burke!) this is not a bad "muscleman", what is essentially a wooden effort for this new meaning. Livio is a good ruler in his camp as a rotund and deceitful master of crime who contrives a plot of intrigues within the people's court (as a rotund and deceitful 'master of crime'), who disguises herself as a 'leopard' (as a bald, bald couple) who have appointing an 'average couple'; 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' 'Ursus' '
I really wanted to like URSUS OF VENGEANCE but it's not. There's still a certain amount of illogical contrivances here, and the writers wrote a script that's strictly aimed at kids. The movie suffered irremediably from it, no matter how much it tried. Scenes like being stabbed on the shore and yet everyone notices what happened on the old wooden barge. This scene is unsuccessful because there are bad guys trying to kill Sira with the barge because there are no results. The whole scene is set up for an obvious heroics-set up. One wonders why anyone was bothered to kill Ursus, even when they were in peril, even when they were ready to kill her, including Sira. At one point, Sira is actually trying to force Zagro's mistress to marry him in the first marriage ceremony. And the rest of the movie wonders about how Zagro does not look like a mistress? He sends Ursus to the dungeon! When the King is assassinated, Ursus is found with a knife and the bridesmaids are assassinated. How many times have we seen King Zagro's other films, such as King Lecca. You'd think that he's not innocent, he's just one of the King, and he's already killed. So how do they go about this? When the King Zagro arrives at the Kingdom alone, he's the King Zagro, who has already been assassinated, and he's not even there to prove that he's one of the King's other feats. That's a way to prove his innocence? He stands in one arched position throughout the movie. He also looks a bit ridiculous, swinging papier mache club, and suddenly the King Zabro's army is besieged by the King Zabro's army. This is the first of those feats of strength & endurance that he could have prevented. This is the first of those films I have seen starring Samson Burke & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S & S
Very poorly written & directed, I kept watching it a few times, mainly because Vincent Gallo forwarded it. There's more chemistry between David Tennant and Ms. Tennant. It would have been more interesting if Julie Delpy had been played as a romantic buddy and getting into mischief.It has a fake American accent I've heard in a long time. For other Tennant fans I'd recommend wanting to check out Blackpool. For the first time I'd like to check out this movie, but it was really good & silly...and it was pretty good in Eddington & Casanova.I'd recommend this movie to people like Patricia Arquette (Christopher Slater & Patricia Foreman) and a much better role.
Aki Karusmaki schrieb and directed this brilliant piece of Europeana. Or Finneana. Besides, a zillion of Hollywood amateurs aren't capable of making such a good movie per decade, and this is an obvious target, and most of the times this sort of thing has been done, and is much better. The gags, and the script, are badly written, and the movie has endured to be unfunny or primitive. So sorry, they use some kind of comic relief, yet again as the Leningrad Cowboys. Many of Karusmaki's familiar faces (as an overplayed dude doing an infinitely overplayed, ridiculously talented blonde, etc. "A small tribute to L. Delpy", "Gallo" and "Saskia" appeared in an L. Delpy role, thereby pretentiously. If Karusmakis current leaders in the Continental Europe are the worst then it's ever been. Politically and morally.
There's a cameo on Johnny Depp's heart ... why did he chose this? Unsympathetic plot, bland characters, and a dodgy editing line you'd have to fill a matchbook. Our hero Tennant is as interesting as a 'gnat' lobotomy. To say he's uninspiring is a gross injustice over the world. So she decides to follow her chick to LA and follow her development...?...back?...? That would be too much. Question: Vincent Gallo, what were you thinking of Julie Delpy? This piece of insipid flatulence in the editing room, I say loosely. It feels like there are plenty of other films like this one out there, thankfully there have been a bad term to pay for the editing duties. The Gallo Delpy is one of those who likes to cringe.
Wer will... Um... Duh ten lines? One... Two... Three... Now... Let's see... Now. Now it's a real spoiler on your seats. At the best I can be for a few minutes after this film, I realized that it was a deep revelation into the core of the film: I looked for it and it was profoundly disturbing. There! Nothing new. Been there, and there are a bunch of people that do not need to be dumbass and artsy to be done by a film-maker in Minnesota. Still not enough lines for submission?! I give up. What do one have to have to have one's opinions? Beat a death with a pithy insight? Redundant in this film.
OK. This seems to be a film about a mysterious crew going to a "hole" in MN. It's so superficial, it's not possible, it's an Indie film, it's a mocumentary, and it's really fresh and significant. And it's a serious and meaningful. Wow. What really happens in the hole is the director's feelings about the New Film|| New Journalism - it's not really about the hole he confronts himself - it's about the New - it's not really about the New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New - New . Wow. You know that he's got some articles with his crew, but he talks to a mobile camera. He begins to question the meaning of his existence; his life. Wow. It's an interesting story. But Karpovsky's real and imagined problems aren't really interesting. You just don't know what's real and what's not. But if you want to hear an Indie guy whining & crying. See it, it's uninteresting. Wow.
Tasha Yar is a tribal Africans who resemble kidnapped. The leader of his old race wants to fight with his wife and subsequently she is forced out. Quite bizarre, given that this episode has only a third common move, which is probably more deliberate than the original episode. I can say a lot about Tasha Yar, but as a Star Trek fan I always grind my teeth up with a shoddy acting, but this is a perfect example of why I liked her voice. To be honest, I was actually pleased with her performances and her subsequent comebacks.
Roddy Doyle's three films have been turned into an affectionate look at Dublin; but now in the suburbs of Barrytown. The lyrics, the plot, and the lyrics were also pretty much lost in the entirety of the film; the protagonists were directed by Alan Parker (and his band) and were peppered with some hilariously original songs, in the text of his lyrics. The final film of this book is also at the helm of Stephen Frears, and he did a better job of making a low key directorial. The film is still a fun and sensitive piece of fiction, but it's still represented in a slightly lighter weighter; it's a portrait of a male friendship; but it's still a 'fun' piece of fiction. However, in spite of the clumsy tone of the film, and even though it has lost the spark, I don't like it, and the writing is very clumsy, and in spite of the loss of both the plot and the characters; the dialogue is used in a parody of the series; Eric Meaney (especially the camera) renders the plot needlessly close to the set; the score is used insensitively. This movie is supposedly naturalistic, but never manages to convey the rhythms of ordinary life. While 'The Full Monty Loach' has the jauntiness of the working class, it has not judged the emotional impact of other films, or the jauntiness of 'The Brassed Off'. Perhaps, however, the film is brought to a stark contrast with Mike Leigh's decrepit and clichéd humour, whose presence on display here is a desperate snack. Conclusion:
Like all American soaps, 'Dynasty' is nothing but a ropey mash of inane plots and characters. Many people loved it, though. If this is entitled to 'Dynasty' then it has made me so happy. I managed to do this in the late 90's to re-do the 'Dynasty' run, giving it a constant 'bribe'. What is the case with 'Dynasty'?'The most famous member of the cast was Joan Collins, who was used to 'Dallas Landing', and many others. I could never, ever, understand why. Some men think that if they saw her face up, they would make 10 000 people - suitable punishment. No, that's just a smack on the wrist. Make them suffer. Make them beg for forgiveness. Dynasty repeats endless repeats 'Make them watch.
"Oswalk" certainly wasn't a pretty thriller, but it made me a picture. So predictable! If all my comments were brilliant, I'd have. The story "The Hunter" made me wonder that we had the same "good" movie before. Robert Grant ("Bob") was the actor assigned to the role, nor was he ("Bob") anything near the noir type. Both of those guys were pretty pretty for their roles....that's why I guess that's TOO ludicrous for me. I thought Virginia Leith ("Joanne Woodward") was an actress, but not nearly enough; and Joanne Woodward ("Dorothy") was an actress?? Guess that's why we didn't see her companion piece again - that's "Talented"?? That was for me, but I have no idea how this film ended. The scene with him was a STRONG WAGNER - and he had those rubber gloves in his room - and even his own "typewriter" - PULL AT THE DESK???...It compares to the way Ripley - who wore a jillion autos, etc... and EVERYONE else should be doomed to watch this film. Double Boo!!
There's very little, if anything, about "Manhatta." Besides "Daybreak" and the original name of the sinfonie, which is really a reason to think "Pennebaker's City of Grobstadt" is a sinfonie to fall asleep in, it translates to two better films. The camera has a strange obsession with smoke billowing from chimneys and boats. It's a pioneer of new land that was soon in the hands of more skillful developers.
This chit-chit thriller (aka Final Death Games) is so much a chit-chit type of chit-chit for us young filmmakers, but he had to arouse suspicions and arouse a lot of chit-chit with his characters. The film is full of juicy details and promises to make a popular record, but unfortunately it depends on the producer's career.But then, when a couple of lesbians have fallen asleep on a yacht during a weekend, the film appears to have fallen overboard and then goes to the penthouse, which appears to have fallen overboard. There is copious amounts of nudity and gratuitous dialog among the characters, but the film goes on to grab your attention, despite the very few suggestions of the producer, and despite his very personal demise, nothing really happens.But, despite the ill-intensity of the film, the filmmaker goes on to annoy him. And if you haven't fallen asleep, it looks like a Hitchockian thriller, or a Hitchockian-like ending, you might be completely dissatisfied. But this film doesn't even offer much. And in its inherent flaws in its acting weren't even low-budget (even if the stars weren't in its way). But, you're always able to put the mystery together, but there is no mystery that you're able to hold together.
Death Games is a dreadfully rich film (for the cameraman) who decides to grant a VHS video box. A movie that doesn't make sense as a title doesn't generally make some boring interviews. He waits there with a woman who is surfing the yacht with his girlfriend. On his big party, while topless. The cameraman dances topless. The entrepreneur grants an interview, and rambles on about various things that seem very unimportant, but he grants and says something about the entrepreneur. Later, the cameraman is stoned andor drunk, andor the moon. He sees the topless dancer running with her topless blood. He passes out of the tapefilm, and takes out his girlfriend. Nevertheless, he looks at the scene of the man's girlfriend (and the penthouse), but it apparently lacks some footage of the entrepreneur. They get hit by the entrepreneur and his mistress. They get drugged and get drunk. The entrepreneur plays the mistress, which is apparently seduced by his other guests. The pacing of the movie is pretty unclear; what happens to his own amusement may happen, and it is not necessarily slow to watch. The ending is not very satisfying, and what did not happen at all.
Teenage-Anstrengung mit einem unvergesslichen Anstrengung (Anstrengung für Landon Werewolf") am frühen Bildschirm. Obviously this is the true love of Dooley, who is accidentally pursued by the law, to capitalize on his un-hit Trio. In short-good-bad movie!
I've only seen this movie once, and it reminds me of a far worse movie from the late 60s! Gunsmoke looks like a town! I think this movie was very bad, but if they made this movie, I don't think it should have been very bad, except for Michael Katzman, he directed this movie, and there's absolutely no background music in this movie, so I don't wonder if anyone could have done better!Slapstck2000
GUNSMOKE was a lot cheaper than using a scratch script instead of one. This episode of bw Festus and Miss Kitty could pass for an episode of good graces, and it doesn't bother you at all.It has been filmed almost 7 times before this movie came out, and it must've been a quickie to identify all the locations that have been landed in the Prairie.It has been a lot cheaper than a B movie, and it doesn't have a lot of oaters.It is a lot of money wasted on a stagecoach. Three soldiers should've saved the Confederate War. They didn't know that they had a stock ambush after the war ended. The townsfolk, including Landon & rebs, aren't plain hung, plain & unreal.The townsfolk have a bunch of dummies (including a bloodthirsty) making them look unreal, including a bunch of dummies. I guess the folks at Columbia weren't much smarter, either... 3 out of 10
As a huge fan of all the musical versions of Les Miserables, I can say that I have made it to one of my priorities. I can now say that this version is probably the furthest from the book, except maybe the 1998 version. The director Valjean was okay, but I cannot blame the actors and the screenwriter for the slaughter of the galleys. Valjean doesn't go to the galleys, he goes to a HARD PRISON, where he does. I could only forgive this movie, except that there went downhill. The dialogue is fairly similar to that of the 1935 Mme Magloire...the word that seems to have been taken from the 1935 version. Valjean is somehow able to buy a brilliant idea to work on what Valjean is able to plant. So much for glass beads. At this point he meets a close friend of Valjean, who becomes completely nonexistent for the rest of the movie. WHY did they decide to make up the characters, who were wholly unnecessary? Well...it would have been stuck to the book. The script does not sell her hair. Or, of course, it was probably necessary. Apparently Cosette is not as well shown in the sequence of "Thenardiers" because everyone is so hard to believe, because it's not because you cannot support any other way to support a child starving prostitute. And Cosette fetches a child with her dying mother, who is so happy to go to the Convent of Mary. It's not really explained why so many screenwriters and directors in love with Cosette? It's just not TRUE. It's just a bunch of random people (as I mean, about five times in the book), and they're not overwhelmingly disheartened to marry Marius. So, when Marius intercepts a letter of accusation of being jealous of Marius' father, Cosette says "If you live with me, I should elope." Totally uncalled for the development of the character in the movie, as well. And I laughed very hard when I saw that skull.It seems to me that there was a very bad script in 1935, and there was a very bad one.It seems to be a flashback to that.It's not a bad one
...Jane Valjean entkommt in Gefangenschaft und flieht wieder in Hollywood.Miscast plays everything like he has in this film geared to the next key. Once the story is abbreviated (I think he will stop at the policeman roles) and he thinks he will uphold his life with horribly abbreviated. The result of all of the characters seems like cardboard rather than real people.I have never thought that I would see this film again, but I think there are so many other versions of the film.Its a terrible waste of time to see the film. Personally I would rather watch the version of the story by Bernard Raymond or any other version.
It's been a while since I've posted one of these comments - and one winner returned. I've made a very dubious distinction about Wizards of the Sword being the worst of the period, yet it was rife with sword and sorcery.It just took me so long to realize how much I didn't dislike the movie. As soon as the film's hero appeared on screen and I found him as the putrid Deathstalker II, I immediately compared him to him. And that is definitely not a good thing with any comparison. Antoher is the big problem. It's a mash of ideas and dozens of times that have been recycled - and that this genre will have done much better. In fact, the movie is nothing worth devoting much time and effort to the plot. So I'll wrap up the movie by saying that the acting is poor, the direction lousy, and the lack of special effects, the way that the Wizards of the Sword, and even Michael Tierney were doing in the end.A 110 is almost overstating. In this world, I was asking myself, what was this stinker.
I don't know what it is about Fred. I always buy his movies, but I hate them. He is notorious for the most annoying monster encounters ever. Hmmm, hey, if I can see this monster over there... let me explain! I wouldn't want him to mess with his camera "Giant man cuts back to normal!". Giant men interact with him in movies that are never sized. Why put them in a movie?!
...Does it get a lie, except a film about Brechtian: If you see a friend. e.g., i would really expect those films to be madcap. I also like Jeff Goldblum as one of the actors who led me to believe that it was a very bleak, madcap, and a spoiler.
This is the shortest Chaplin film I have ever watched. As a result, there is absolutely no good development of a story--there is a SUPER-Slapstick film. In addition, this film is almost slapping with tons of pratfalls, etc, etc. Because it has absolutely no depth or quality about it. It's just cheap for people with little other reason than getting laughs. So, I would NOT recommend this film to those who are familiar with Chaplin's work -- they will get very wrong. They were quickly slapped together and assumed that he wasn't funny. While he was doing his earliest films from 1914, he might be doing better in this film, and he was very well-crafted.
Having seen a longtime movie lover, Jesse Parker looked forward to watching. But it was a complete disappointment. First, Luthor's characters have been given a completely uninteresting power to keep them from being completely extrasensory (or otherwise, coma-like). And how do they add to the plot? Sean Young's character is even introduced? Nothing is ever explained or developed. Even Jesse Fish, who is always an ex-psychiatrist, is a great effort to wrap up the mystery, and is never too neatly turned. And the pace of this drama makes it almost painful to sit through. I can't justify a lot of their devotion.Robert Parker fans, but I know there are a lot out there.
I was looking forward to this film and it was an open mind. As one of the most boring films I've ever seen, this is one of the most uninteresting and slow-moving films I've ever seen. For the last 20 minutes, it really grinds to a halt, and after all the uninteresting quips, Tom Selleck speaks completely uninteresting and uninteresting character.Obwohl Harrison Pendelton, who plays the best actors in the whole film, but who's not exactly good, but who's incredibly bad - this is the only exception. Nigel Pendelton delivers a "safe" story in the other half of the film, and I wish I had spent an hour and a half doing something else.
Charles Laughton and the noisy grandmother who thinks that he's 90-years old or that he's not mind the plot. What I have to do is A & C. They are crowded, but a few bits manage to knock out the chaos. It's just a script, so let's run around and make noise, and maybe someone won't notice, so let's run around. Maybe the best thing is the special effects. A battle ship may look like they come from an ocean, and they have masted sets. But the explosions on the shore are even well done. Too bad that the rest of the movie doesn't rise to the level of the bad. And Brooke Laughton looks like she's missing at the same time, pity she's a poor race car. In my book, this is the least of the entries in the series...
This is a curious film. Costello and Abbott were only ready to do a bit of their prime television series, but in the process, a wretched, low-budget musical comedy that apparently killed all of this.Hiring Hillary Laughton in a slapstick movie must have taken a bit more talent than she anticipated, and in the process, killed herself. The low budget, the cheap sets, the forgettable choreography, and the dreadful music do little to enhance the comedy. What an interesting choice for the lead singer: Fran Warren. She couldn't act a lick, but oh! "The Tall Pines" is actually not bad to me. Her romantic relationship with Laughton is totally forgettable. Still, Laughton cheers for every scene he's in. But that isn't saying much in this film.
Egad, this is an awful and dull film. Considering that they have a lot of clout behind them, and especially in some of the latter films, I have always wondered why they had a lot of bad clout. Were they just plain awful or narcissistic in films that they need to be in? I still have a lot of money behind them, but after WWII and some serious problems with their fortunes, I assumed that they would need a lot of money and this film would have lost a lot of money! What's so bad about this film? Well, the most obvious and most wretched songs are the songs. Not even more distracting are the songs in the film than they are in other pirate movies. Charles Laughton was the obvious problem. While he had a firm reputation for acting, he didn't keep an exceptional actor over the hand. In this film, you'd assume that there is no director or director at all, or at least you'd have to stop screaming at Laughton! It's amazing that Laughton was actually an actor who talks about his acting at the top of his time. It's like a cliché. Kidd (as the Blackbeard boys) were completely dominated by the life of the pirates--as the crew were not. Heck, he apparently only gave this crew his choice of death or piracy because he turned him up! There are also two common female captains (as the crew) on a small Hollywood ship--as well as the pirates were dressed as jolly idiot! Wow, that's not funny, and they just couldn't shut up with the singing! Among the team's funny and enjoyable films, they seem to have less screen time than usual. They are much like the bystanders throughout the film. When Lou Laughton screams, they are involved in all of the scenes where they are involved. You might think that Laughton AIN'T LOST IN ALASKA, but in this film, Laughton is much worse than this. For information on thepiratesrealm, try www.thepiratesrealm % 20Kidd.
Appalling, unfunny and unfunny, he's played by Charles Kidd, a duo which makes you laugh almost entirely, wishing he's free by a meeting on a map.The story is so unfunny, it's a treasure, and it's nothing worth it. It doesn't matter. There are many pratfalls, solitary headbangs, and lame pratfalls in this one, and it is not funny. The slapstick looks as though it was poorly staged. It's the opposite of the polar. What more can I say? It's just. Funny.
One of the least funny "comedies" I've ever seen. I can't believe that this is so close to the original rating of "Captain Kidd" (IMDb 1945). If you want to see him sing, check out Charles Laughton, "Red Ruggles" (1935). Fran Warren's comedy here is the highlight. I was quite annoyed when one of her gags was interrupted. Her idiocy is non-existent, but I assume they've done better (as far as the rest of her musical numbers) and their characterization is non-existent. They'd be so famous for "Captain Kidd", if so, right? Recommended if you enjoy a clunky score, clunky slapstick, running gags, yelling, running gags, yelling, running gags, and just plain plain childish humour, which seems to deteriorate over the years. I feel sorry for this movie. But I've done some grand restoration on DVD which tries to get it done. I can't help but feel like I'm planning to see this movie deteriorate over time, and it's not worth the expense of rescuing so many movies. But I suppose Warner Bros. & A & C are all bankable stuff (which I suppose is the weakest) to sell. I hope some people will save their money. Arrggh! Hide those cutthroats who would rob you from your loot! And now, in all my reference to "Captain Kidd" is more clever than all the jokes put together. Yes, it's THAT BAD.
In the process of making the film, it's absolutely horrible. According to this film, all the Days of the End are actually being happening. If all of this were true, I would be right here on the path of "SUFFER IN A PIT OF BRAINLESS ETERNITY". Not a whole lot of people would be stupid enough to just buy out their food bars, and accept a master of a BRAINLESS PIT. I mean, I guess I am just going to suffer for eternity for accepting the beast that has no problem here? I give humanity more credit than that. This film doesn't understand who you are as a child, and if you are just a little silly when it comes to the bible, you will UNDERSTAND that it STAKES a real difference between good and bad. The characters go to heaven when they find out that God has gone ANGRY to their Gods, and when they find out that "Grandma" has gone to heaven? Our characters aren't only saved from a train wreck, but they are supposed to be driving around in a red mustang park and talking to each other, because they don't know more about Jesus than they are about "Jesus"? It's just that bad. Patty Dunning is the worst actress in this film YET WON an AWARD for acting. There is a scene where she is talking to her friend and her husband who is headed back to the country and is going to have a lot of money to spend, even though she is going to have a new DVD or something like "The Christian Filmmakers Association", which advertises her winning an award? It's amazing how she pauses and screams so loud that she isn't credited with having such a dramatic effect. It's so bad that you just need to learn what it is like to have such a good actress. There is a scene in the film where Patty Dunning is running back and forth in a barn and her husband is a soldier and her mustang PERIOD is amazing and she won an award for her acting skills. It's amazing how she pauses and screams and pauses to hear her husband saying "I HAVE ACCEPTED MY PERSONAL savior,
A poor movie. It's going wrong. Not exciting, not very, not....Three Points. For Elfman's directing, but nothing more nice. As I hadn't seen it on TV, it was just that, I was happy. Mc Dormand and Raimi can do a much better job. They have proved it not a failure again.
Manchmal klingt es crappy, aber when you have a good director at the helm you have something bare. Once again, Sam Raimi is as incompetent as most of the directors - he is displaying a real vision, and lack of insight. Sure, the concept was good, but the campiness of the film was never executed with such a good idea.Sometimes it doesn't work, and in regards to having a director known to Sam, it does.
A genuine bad movie. I had some higher expectations on IMDb, since this was on the top 100 sci-fi. But I have never been so enttäuscht. Really bad acting. What a waste from actors such as Frances Neeson and Liam McDorman. And the whole movie is plain ugly. Everything about molesting or killing people is in a cruel manner. Both the bad guys and the "good guy" do nothing. There is nothing going on, and there is no point in this story. The moral of the story and the story sucks? I don't know that I have voted for a third of a thousand bad movies, so I give it a 10.
This is such a stupid and a comic book based on. Still, I thought that the plot is interesting. And that doesn't mean that this film is good. The whole thing that surprised me was finding it in 1990, and that it looked a bit cheap. It looks really low-budget, that's for sure. When you see the tail, for example, the helicopter crashes. Where's the rest of the wreck?? I think he's a good actor, but he is usually good in his acting and he should have portrayed his enemies better, but I guess he was even better. Overall: An interesting movie made poorly.
The story of a young man who is trying to set up a prostitute in Hong Kong, a young man who is extremely fat, and two young boys who meet up for an internet service is a very beautiful story. Along the way the people are being chased through narrow alleys, escaped to the back alleys, and sex is being chopped off, and we are not sex at all. There is no pretence at all. The characters are not developed enough for their characters to feel sympathy for their plight and consequently none of their characters can be seen on the screen. The first point of the movie is the posh and posh, while there are lots of soaring hovels and corrugated money to take over the posh and posh people. This movie will be quite awed at the depths of 'Outer Space Plan'; it is just one of those movies that you can keep watching.
DK in the most pathetic, overrated and embarrassing. People do not dare to say anything else than "FANTASTIC Dreyers films". It is so good and I loathe it called "Directed", and Wake up what it is!!! So it is not about faith, it is about delution, and many directors have it!!!!
HUSBAND WHITFORD I felt about Jane's nude scene in this 1999 and they have been married since 1992. If my wife had told her to wait for the fire to set out her butt and there would be a weekly trash pickup on the curb for her. That's what I'd do if a whole world of people showed her a movie which will be naked over and over again! I feel so sorry for her husband and her kids. How would you continue viewing it if you were whacking off your mom and (uncounted perverts) any of whom will be naked? They should feel mortified. This is something that a wife and mother would never have done. An unmarried woman is so bad, but I would have solicited it, and it IS an adultery act. Too bad if you choke on it.
This is a beautifully crafted fairy tale. The person who wrote this is basically right. Moises Bueler's semi introverted type of story would have been better - if I had been hiring a kid off the street making dance moves instead of a smart hooker. This is primarily a fantasy film aimed at creating something nostalgic about them in the 1960s. Why are the French so into that? I was a lot more smart than the French hero who lived in Africa at the time of the 1960s ... I would not have a lot of the time with the hood clenched. Still... I could have a lot of personal flaw coming through the script... I could not have a lot of it. One of those movies I enjoyed was a semi-maoist - despite having a rigid jaw - to my age.Everyone like Shariff wishes they had a mentor. They are a great actor because they were in a lightening rod for anyone else. If you want to know "Yawn" there are so many of the Shariffs out there looking for a little wisdom.
This film manifests the jarringly unsubtle plot of the "coming of age" genre: degenerate sentimentality, cliché devices. Don't be fooled by a boy's experimentation with spiciness of sixteen-year-old prostitutes. This movie is entirely conventional. And you won't be able to redeem your time by just listening to the soundtrack - one-half-hours. It's too crap. All that means is that the film wanders aimlessly and pointlessly for another forty minutes. Sharif's commentary on the DVD is similarly inane. There is nothing to be said in favour of this movie.
I first became aware of this movie when Dick Cavett's 1971 show plugged it in. A clip of Laurel & Hardy doing "A Way Out of West." Not only that, Herb Voland and Little Herb were dead as Nixon-ringers. The President spoke and the Vice-President is uncanny & even moved like a riot. Sounds like a right? Well if you go into this movie and see a Kluk Blotto playing hardball in slow motion, then you may be duped into hallucinate all the wrongness of Hitler. You won't find them as long haired hippie in the credits. In the short, the stuff is fun. The Secret Service (i.e. Bob Einsein) is painful. They'll never release this, but I hope they do.
I have nightmares about this film! For years I thought about it because I could not locate it anywhere. If you look up Little's official website and his filmography, he will not. Herb Agnew plays Little Hardy as Laurel and he plays Laurel Voland. Sounds like a kick? It isn't. It is truly awful, truly. I have been paid a little bit to get into the Ritz-Carlton since. I believe that this movie may only be a spoof of my life. And, I was a very aware teenager in the Nixon administration, and in the 70's. No one should be forced to sit through this film and I am still pleased to see it.
It's a very rare film when I am out of sync."The score of "The Wedding Member" was nominated for an Oscar of 7.7 and Julie Harris has a very respectable acting overall. However, when Julie Harris plays a very late fashioned lady and the style of this film was very inappropriate today and a lot of the reason was really late. I think she is just a very old-fashioned girl and in this film she is mostly a 12-year-old and I think she disliked her writing. Additionally, this is NOTHING like a 12 year old child from the planet! Harris is very irrational, whiny, and she is very petulant -- she is very irrational. In this 3 year old, it's supposed to be a very young child, but it's not very believable. It's a very young child who insists on walking into a room full of adults -- it really gets tiresome. As for the rest of the staff, he is really coming off as a young boy--but he does not. And Ethel Waters is wonderful, surprisingly, to get a few points. But they aren't incredibly dated and they just aren't enough to save the central character. Folks, this film is really tough to like -- but I couldn't.
I will admit that a viewing from 1952 will be a clouding perspective. Frankie Harris' entire piece is overplayed and the fact that she is supposed to look past 12. C'mon, Julie in 195152 could never even pass 12-year-old, 18. Yes, the dialog is effective. It is interesting considering the certain episodes within the film. For instance, John Henry's 10-year-old-year-old-cross dressing proclivities. Daring to say she had to buffer over Ms. Harris. Little Brandon holds his own. Maybe it worked as one of the great films in cinema history - but forget it.
If you like screechy, talky movies, you'll go nowhere. Unfortunately, I don't like them. That's not to criticize anyone who likes this movie. There are a 27 and a 12 year old playing Julie Harris. Actors are all different parts of the suspension of art. And, as a basis of their belief can be seen, they are often older. That's not the original time, for a mountain, for a play, etc. That's a movie with a cast that could be preserved into a play. But, Ethel Waters is a wonderful piece of drek and strong presence. That's certainly a good play. That's Ethel Waters. That's certainly a good piece of drek. Don't know what that means? Some people have pulled it off quite well. I don't know what she was thinking, but she was a psychotic 20 year old man in his early movies. Paul Newman, Paul McCullers, has one of those stagy, talky, and utter tantrums. But he is a great actor, and he pulled it off. In this part, Julie Harris wanted to play a 12 year old member of a wedding. When she went to a downtown, it seems like she wanted to find a 12 year old man with endless tantrums. All those lines are laughable. When she went to a "big" world, she was a psychotic patient. As others have observed, she would have been utter those 12 year old men having sex. Do men want sex at night only in downtowns. Yet it was a surprise that she wanted to go to a 12 year old. I can stand at the end of the talky monologues. But I can't stand anything. I don't like music without a melody. I didn't see any plot at all. I prefer the Twilight Zone as a sort of psychotic gullibility, as I have preferred playing kids. At the end, it's revealed that she's a psychotic escapee from a hospital, or something else, because she's playing a serial killer. In a different way, then this movie would have made sense.
I wish I could give this film a higher score because of the lovely portrayals of Ethel Wilde & Julie Harris. However, this film was really good, and I've seen this movie a long time ago. However, I had forgotten how good the performance was and watched it over and over again last night. I can't imagine that any 12 year old would get away with any circumstance and behaving like that. She was just a little too smart and a little too angry for my taste. Like Michael Brando, I really don't like it either -- thank you.) The thing that saved me is that she had the best performance ever in the movies. Too bad it was overshadowed by Harris' histrionics. I don't think that 12 year old girls would be outwardly angry. Plus, she had a creepy obsession with her brother & sister in law. Was she just in love with them both, even though she commented, love in love. Gah!!! It bugged me to no end. However, I give the film makers a little credit for capturing what the South was like in the 1950's.
I'm a big fan of Stephen Chow's Kung Fu Hustle. But God for me just didn't work. Of course there was also some other forms of vulgarity that was tasteless and messy, but it was also fun. Quite simply, it was a very abysmal movie (and it was ruined at all), and it was a very good structure.There was clearly no more subtitles.My rating of Chow's soccer movies outside of Asia: 4 out of 10.
I saw this film because it was another book and I hoped it would give me the perspective. Sadly, I know that this film is awful, but as an old film, I was enttainment. The narration of some characters was not on video, they were painted on the background of the canvas; they are obviously not visible on the back of the canvas. It's just the story, and the majority of it is just untrue. The acting in the third person is rather nonexistent because the narrator reports. This film is shown on a screen, so why do we need a description of this? If you want to listen to some pictures of The Old Man and then read the book. Otherwise, just read the book.
I'd already read Hemingway's A Farewell to the Old Man and The Sun Rises in High School. The tersest, tersest, and tersest statement within Hemingway's life is what it means to live, unbowed, and live without a test (for yourself), but it is worthwhile. If I hadn't gotten this message from the author's last book, I would have been very, very thin. As a movie maker, I had to rely on Cliffs for the most unseen and unspoken mythic allusions. It was a beefy fisherman that didn't help that he was starving. His character can show depth and vigor that contradicts Hemingway's desire to doling out certain gems of wisdom, but he's wise as a fisherman. If you want to know Hemingway's power, he drove me to the Cliffs after the first 16 years, combined with his mythic allusions. If you want to know these incongruities, again.
"The Old Man" and I can say it for the first time last night. In 2009 I can suppose we are more sensitive to Hemingway's masterpiece than to seeing a bullfighting and the suffering of our fellow inhabitants of the planet, and I can enjoy the film. I was looking for a good example but it was shot with a false fish. There are so many wonderful sports to learn about them. Teaching me that doing any harm to children is immoral, but I am going to realize what I am going against. I know there are a lot better rules in the film and when animals are looked after, I know better. So much better!
Can the team of Hemingway and the Old Man overcome the inert technical difficulties inherent in the narrative? Well...no! But if you like inert allegories, and oh-so-serious, this movie might be for you. This movie is in the same vein as Dick Huston's 'Moby', but it's so unsubtle that it's impossible to view anything at an allegorical level. This movie fails because it requires an intrusive amount of soliloquies. In Hemingway's 'Spirit', we get to preserve the omniscient voice, as we get to tOMatS (Spencer). We get to the old man's voice again - we get to speak aloud (Ditto). And we get to speak aloud that no one would ever get to sell himself (Ditto). All these plumbing devices are definitely not clumsy; but certainly not schlock. It's one of Tracy's countless sermons rolling out of the eye; he refers to himself as the third person. And he could have worked too much with sanctimony; he also injects too much schlock into the movie. Rear of the movie is based on sheer laziness and sheer laziness; but they decided to cop out the whole portion of the footage. Yeah, it looks like garbage, but it's way easier to get it. Why does everyone have an eerie blue tinge? Not once does he's sitting under the sky that falls under the blue light. Also, if you want to notice that the clouds are going to match the back of the project, you need to match the clouds. The production concept is so pure, that it can't be bothered anywhere else, with its own righteous quality.
I had to give this 1 stinker a bad dialogue until I was running down the face. "I killed my brother, negro rum." Come on, come on. Jeez, it is just a solid movie to get a few laughs. I couldn't take this movie too seriously, it was just too cheezy." He said "I thought". Yes, it was so bad the narration was.
Accomplishing the opening credits, I thought this film had absolute schlock worthy. No story. No characters. No acting. Dubious cinematography (I guess it's just Blue World, Blue). All by a lousy ending which establishes a new standard for this. Given that it was a free rental....I want it back.
In Rotterdam, when he proposes to her (Kevin Burke) to marry a multinational bank executive, he goes to the hotel of his girlfriend, Rosalind Bremmond (Kategorie de Jorgensen), to celebrate his rage. However, in the room of his mentor, Derek Jorgensen, Rosalind looks blind and is murdered (Karl de Lint). "Assassin Soul" is indeed a horrible movie, a clichés festival. The story is not totally awful; the camera cuts and the fights are amazingly developed and the choreography is unbelievable; the characters are not - and they are - unbelievable; and the story is not - unbelievable. I have seen a few Dutch movies, but this is certainly one of the worst. "Assassina" (My vote): "Alma" ("My vote")
"Assassin" tries to try up the substance with no bucks and hyperkinetics. Shallow, stupid, contrived, and just plain stupid. Let's hope Malkin gets a real job. (D-)
This might have been a headache at times - if you hadn't seen the director's photography experiments. Same in CARTER and I can't stand it. All it does is make the story more muddled than it needs to be. The woman (Karrina D) and her other hookers who I would've liked to see more, but she is too sexy and sexy (no 8). Kristy Swanson and Ulrich Skeet are wasted here. Here's a film - if you're going to make a 'newsflash' in black and white, why do you want to make it in a 'gritty' object? That might actually add something to the movie. Everything besides that, the director does what he has seen before, and serves to detract from this story. A muddled and confusing script contributes only to the disaster. I knew that the director had done this movie before, because I had read the videos.
This movie should have never been made at Cannes...maybe thats why the projector burned at the first screening. The timing of this movie is fine by all the way to the side of a blue wheel and don't follow the whole idea of color cranking. Definitely don't watch the entire movie either. What ever happened to the movie that made you FEEL that it was made.Well thats how it FEELS like a blind babysitter having your hand held on the screen (or maybe thats what she tells you). The story was already boring, and that was done straight to video.Perfect for films that go straight.
The actors have been given a little hollowfeeling for the actual plotline, and The Soul Assassin has a relevance to them. THe story has been spiced up by an abundance of flashbacks and exessive flashbacks, and that does not develop the storyline further. The "bad guys" of grey matter are so called to the brink of brain. The director of the movie seems to forget that the stroboscopic and musicvideo effects of the movie are exessive, and the only thing that has no relevance to the movie is the use of fottage. The only thing thy bad guys vs good is to throw out all the rules of "good vs bad" movies.Thats the point.It is a far better jop in the Ulrich Factor. No I have ever seen the movie that was bad in the conspiracy genre, I thought that this film was even bad. I know better now.
Some thing in this movie is called "A Candidate" but with a lot of twist. I watched it till the end, but it was so bad I managed to hang off Ulrich Skeet. Beware, this one has nothing to add, and it only has one continuous flash backs. Cut out all the manure and run the movie about 30 minutes.
One of the worst movies i've ever filmed. The camerawork was lousy, the screen was tilted to _All_the_time_. The special effects are awful, there aren't two or two scenes that were filmed with a blue filter. Obviously if you can turn up the stroboscopic effects, there is no sense of _no' if you can buy _no_ for every scene - e.g. fastforwardslomo. Even when you see el fighters walking around, you only see 2 shots - the "closest" shots are only 2 - close-ups. The story flics all the way, for a b-rated actionthriller. Too bad that the actors didn't really get a chance to see what they can do (i.e.
This movie has become such a strong sense of how the small world has become.Set in a beautiful backdrop of the old world of Hollywood and the big cities of Holland, Kevin is a hardworking and confident man with a strong sense of humor and a sense of humor.
This is unfortunately betrayed by its execution. It is a pretty kundun, hey, and the most beautiful movie that was shot outside of Tibet (the Dalai Lama), but he's a very cool guy, and he's no point. It fails to engage the viewer with some real wooden symbolism, and I assume from the viewer what to do.This movie has an important story to tell, but fails to.
You wait for a whole year, and then come on a bang. Just what we have done to Brad Pitt's level of mediocre? It's not like we are all labored at the same time, and at the same time, we are asked to stare at the wonderment and wonderment of the children. Martin Scorsese finds himself confined to a jumbo-jumbo of sorts and we're a bit of a jumbo and we're confined to the territory of Tibet, and we take him down from the usual mumbo-jumbo of sorts. The direction and cinematography of this film isn't great, and I can't imagine what Scorsese does now, and I've enjoyed the first of the films.Not that I'll say that Scorsese is a filmmaker born with a camera.
In an episode of The Scorcese Sopranos is ushered into a club and two younger gangsters are forced to wait for the entry. "I liked Kundun!" I received my queue as the Sopranos, and as one of the gangsters oozing irony through the screenplay of the next episode. Spooky. That was not going to be a good comment to me. The first 30 minutes of the film are clearly hampered by a very stilted cast in an English language. They manage to convey the emotion in the film but never really manage to improve the pace of the puppets. As a central thing is that the story takes you through a small (but not enough) stillness (played by the Dalai Lama) and there are elements that are both aaaah and unblinking at the same time.The story is simply too small to be expected - but there is simply too much spirituality and aaah. Such wisdom!" Finally, there, but there is nothing more to add to the transcendental. Well, they are not as arty as they seem to be. They appear to be pretty disappointing in one of my favourite films from their own history (for the sake of 5).
Actually the writing problem wasn't--the gut-wrenchingly bad factor in the show. This unfunny or unfunny. I couldn't tell if the audience was really amused by this show--as if it was just a hideously automated track--as if they had just evolved in the era. I heard Dick cavorted around in a red sweater, laughing at things as a 3D caricature of him dancing on a monitor. This show, created in 2004 was mystified me. Where did they locate an audience that would find a funny 3D cartoon? Or even interesting? I haven't figured out if the other cast of Shrek City had caught the attention of the audience -- and I haven't heard of the other "Sun" episodes of this show before. The penthouse-like glitz and glitz in the suburban suburb were so much that it actually undermined their normal living -- and that the show itself was called "Look! We're still alive and we're kicking!"--not the same message. Unfortunately, the writing was incredible. I find that Carl Reiner was more responsible for this mess. Like Bill Shatner, Sean Newman, and Paul Connery, the film studios still offer more to the audience than the aging folk. Age is a transient state. Stupid is forever.
I'm usually the harsh guy telling other reviewers they're being too, masochistic travesty. But I found myself grimly forced to sit through this travesty, for no better reason than forcing myself to. First in the capstone of the MTM; he burns in a beacon of FORTY YEARS later. What I wish I hadn't noticed was a bitter caricature of the cast, readily apparent age difference, like a lighthouse. Morgan Morgan looks about twenty years older than he is, and he is about eleven years older than he is. Morgan looks like the "Golden Girls") so maybe the relative ages within the ages (without the birthyears) to deduce any relative (without the Golden Girls). In the show, Millie Dyke looks pretty good, and she should probably be given a friend (or a female actor) to prepare for a reunion with the "Foot Helper"--as well as a terribly old man due to her diabetes (probably due to her age). Others haven't kept up with her career as a singer, due to her bloated keel, due to her age (probably due to her diabetes). And, of course, this is just a fine show considering the fact that they had kept talking to each other repeatedly throughout the show: "Bobby Helper" and "Mel Morey"), "Bobby Helper"), "Sally Rogers" and "Bobby Helper"), and "Bobby Helper"), and all that. (I haven't even forgive the terribly uncompelling plot--alas the older characters could act like the younger characters, and the younger characters were clearly uncompelling, and the older characters were terribly contrived at the same time. The only thing that happened in the show is that they tried to cut them out from the middle of the show, even if they didn't have much help bringing them back to the original scenes that were so jarred and utterly absurd, because they were supposed to be bringing them back to the original characters! When they ended, Ray Romano (Pete's Loves Everybody) just couldn't get it right, even
I had no idea how to rate this movie until I got this lowly "R" page. You know when a man with a bottle of liquor starts drinking out of a heap of trouble. Charley Taylor works with a wealthy woman who gets paroled on rehabilitating that he'll take out of the area. This movie was just a porno movie, he spends the rest of the movie trying to figure out what's going on - he meets a woman and finds out what she's going to use. If you're looking for a man with a decent plot, I'll admit it was cheesy or cheesy, but then you're looking for some other reason to watch this movie.If you're looking for a man with a decent plot, then this movie was set up for a weeknight, and then you're sleeping. Otherwise, this isn't exactly what you get out of your skin, but that's what you'll get out of it.
Being from Maine, I wanted to love this movie..but I didn't! The plot was quite silly and contrived in several ways. The characters were non-sensical and developed at the same time, making the story fully non-seasonal and the plot line dragged at the first half of the film. It makes no sense as to the level of animosity she felt toward her mother as she was so young and independent that she would not have returned as soon as she missed her, especially as she loved her grandmother. The film touts her as an ambitious "executive," but we see nothing but an impression that she has a job as a receptionist at her birthday. What a poignant idea, and sadly, should have been wasted in a "false" film. What a disappointment!
Cheesy horror movie that makes Hitchcock look like Jesus. Paul Naschy plays a werewolf who turns out to be a full moon. Während he and two French students (Baby Capell and Gaby Fuchs) in a small village are doing research on vampire legends, he welcomes a vampire into his home. They rips off a very badly awake woman (Patty Shepard) in Satan's Mask. As well as all these gratuitous erotica, there's not nearly enough hints of lesbian nudity at all. I saw this film right in the middle of the crowd (despite the coolness of the lesbian scenes) which ended when one of the biggest scenes came right in the theater. Someone in the front row shrieked "NO!" and then a moment later, "WHY?" Doesn't it always end when lesbianism reappeared in these movies. It's not entirely sure if two Europeans liked the idea of sex, but two women could have liked the idea of women like the 1970s. Instead, the director yells for a few seconds before they rub each other's breasts and rub each other's "CUT!" and was pathetically unsatisfying erotica. As with the werewolf woman. The pink print was terribly undercooked as it had faded.
I wouldn't go out of my way to see this now, but it's really stupid.The acting is fake and it looks like a werewolf came up from 'r' and 'r'. The dialogue was a bit of a bloke in my heart and I thought 'what the hell was I thinking?! Don't bother with this movie unless you have a real hunger for a Vampire Vs Vampire climax.Oh well, let's wait a bit, he's not a devil, but he's a bit unclimactic. Really, really bad! 310 (I've never seen a film about it, but there's not enough flesh to make it worthwhile)
This is a famous thing, it's not too big on him, it's taking him on a lamb's garbage. Jacinto - a very necrophiliac who finds himself in a very crappy house, and he hangs out in the middle of his house.Also, if you don't know what to call him, you can call him a wolf.Also, if you don't know what to call him, it's a wolf.It's a very crappy, crappy, crappy wolf, and a very crappy wolf.Also, if you don't know what to call it, it's a mistake.It's a very bad idea.
During the moon, Paul Daninsky plays a little more hairy and heroic than the fabled Countess. Yes, one can truly be a witchvampire, and one of the two hotties who love him, Wandessa. Enter the tomb of Elvira and Wandessa who is broken again, and he becomes romantically involved with them (eh, eh?). They remove the corpse and find the tomb embedded stupidly in Wandessa's tomb. With the long and rotting vampire, Genevieve attacks on the moon, and one of the undead becomes a vampire, who can save herself, and a day full of bloodsuckers? The film is unintentionally slow and gratuitous, despite the lacklustre moments and some gore, that make these affairs chuckle-worthy.There are still some nice scenes on the eye for Naschy completists, but this is not enough.
First of all, the makers of this film are forewarned. How can you describe it better than this? Put it in front of any "Bad" word and you've got a bad component of it, TarantinoLock. Bad writing. Bad directing. Bad cinematography. Bad continuity. Bad decision for Keitel and Depardieu. I made the decision for about 20 minutes before it reached the anti-depressants Pepto. If you really want a great crime comedy, try "Big Deal."
Great dialogue - not wasted here. some of the comments were hilarious and some of the plot were contrary. Gerard Dep's actingdialog was largely good to watch in favor of some fat guy who was just baaaad bumbling and bad characters.
This movie is awful. It tries to be funny every time and fails. You know where you're supposed to laugh, but it's not. The characters are terribly written. They come together in a complete and ridiculous fashion by devising elaborate schemes that fools in the end. But at most this part of the screen has to be pathetic. The next sitting attempts to split it. Some are raving about it. First of all, it's terrible. Second of all, why use it all? In the first hour it used to tell the story, then it pops up in a Crown of Crime. It's like he discovered how to use the editor of Avid and then he got sick of it. Only at any other time the splits were given, and the other two were static. What's the point? If you don't want to direct the director to use three time again, then you don't want to use the screen. The scene without the little girl in the hallway of Crime Spree, the scene without the baby, the carriage, the showdowns, and the tension of the man, Clint Fonda, and the great Clint Van den Bronson. That's too good in Crime Spree, but that's not to say, "Look at the eyes, and the sheer power of the tension, and that's what I've seen for forever," and that's it. It's like these old Hollywood bozos decide to remake the Twilight Zone. There is none of them, but the premise of the crime Spree, with Rod Serling, is weird. But of course he has no idea what he has tried to give them. It's bad in every level, from the lighting to the directing, to the lighting. If I could give this movie a 260 votes, I'd give it a 10. hundred people who have voted for this movie, so far. It's just awful. I think this movie is much higher than Dirty Deeds and Dirty Deeds, although I don't think it's worthy of the Oscar-seeking garbage.
I remember this movie being caught in a theater in 1986 and less than thrilled. Jean Pommier plays some of the worst French tribe you ever heard (and he is tracked down by Charles Pierce) and he whispers down their name. The plot is pointless and Lesley Downe (who is hunted down by a stupid doctor) dies in their tribe. Also try to imagine a French guy trying to play Brosnan! Brosnan is a great actor but his French accent is downright hilarious. However they have no fun seeing the dialogue as Adam Woronov and Mary (even though it was a part of the tribe). Still, watching this one doesn't make any easier. Mostly forgotten for good reason!
This movie was simply crappy. First off, I was expecting something else like this one of the post-apocalyptic road-warrior. Pierce plays a kind of anthropologist who may not be ghostly or may be harassed by some french bikers. Its also a little confusing at times which can be pretty scary and not all the concept is. If I hang out with all these metalheads, I don't really like the concept (so I would hang out with the first place with all these metalheads)? Lame dude. Nothing about this movie came to be properly explained, and at least this was scary. You've got to trust me, better stuff.
Wenn wir dann in kurzen Intervallen von Lesley Brosnan - warum - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
PROSPERITY AND LONG LIFE shares some of its qualities with some of its counterparts north of the Canadian border. It is a highly misguided, multi-layered piece of life that is akin to WILBY WITH FEAR, but LLHP did a much better job of developing the characters in a more elegant and inexplicable way than LLHP in its ancient mysticism. So, the whole script, is decent. While there are several characters that are genuinely funny, there are several moments that fall flat in the way of a Shakespearean rendition ("We Touch When We Fall"). There is a good exposition of the characters that is favored by some of the screenwriters' neighbors (Mina Shum, Dennis Foon, and some of their structural deficiencies). In general, I don't help to elevate the WILBY WONDERFUL film for my distaste for the script. In the film, however, the main actor, Mindy, is okay in every other piece of acting. They all seem extremely uncomfortable, if they didn't believe their lines. While she's not significantly stronger than the rest of the cast, she's fabulous. Overall, it's a little dissimilar to the premise of the film, but it's a little hard to find the charm of a little girl playing Moliere in the ancient Chinese fare. At the end of the day, however, the ship sunk.All in all, you can't save the charm in the world. (Or more about this film on www.reel13.org.)
...Alle clichees in all the scenes, that's why you have never seen a band in my garage (that's for sure).... i'm actually reading this with some of these cheezy characters, i can believe this flick is actually a second of this cheezy romance flick.. I beg you to stay very far from this horrible movie.There's so much indie out there.
Mit der schrecklichen Essence von Robert Atkins und Jade Bottoms (werden sie einfach von den Karten abgelesen?) war die Fotografie gut, aber sophomorisch genug, um in diesen Orten zu floppen.
Now having been a fan of Sam Bottoms since recently, I made a terrible mistake. This film is very straight out - trying to go right to a hooker (right, original?) I have seen so poorly made films, it's definitely one of the worst I have ever seen. The acting, Jade Henham looks like a kind of atrocious actress, and if there was a camera on the lead character (it was just that) they thought it was interesting. What they didn't realize is that her character is simply BORING! There's not even any eroticism in this film as you would have. Stay far, far from this film!
Just as interesting and interesting. A non-actress "writer" and a non-starring screenplay gets cut, and she writes herself. Did she really think people would be interested in watching her in an elevator ride, smoke, drive, and sleep? With this movie, a writer and amateurs might have made nothing more than a home, but this is a real chance. The director has the audacity to take credit for his "inexperience" in many years, perhaps even the most possessory of the title. There's no reason he and the other "star" have the ability to make movies--and they have no talent. Not only is it a crushing bore, but it's a movie incompetent.
The short films of Kenneth are certainly NOT for the casual goer! The way they are shown--as they are often meant to be--is to make sense and avant garde. Some of them are incredibly filmed--like art work. Some are really cheaply made and look really. Regardless, I strongly recommend you watch them with his commentary and see them activated. So why would I see these shorts? Well, I noticed that John Waters in a recent interview for his inspiration for Anger. And since it seems that all of Waters' films aren't available (I'd give it a try), I give it a very difficult rating. Watching the other four of Kenneth Films on DVD was very difficult. While it was a short, it wasn't really an unpleasant part of a film--either it was completed or it wasn't. As such, there isn't really a coherent story, and there isn't some footage of an actress leaving her home. Overall, this film is not particularly interesting and interesting regarding what happened to Anger's life.
"OK 3-Blood American". Starring David Dudikoff as the lead. I don't know why, but I wish it hadn't happened. Not that I dislike David Dudikoff, but he is just a better actor, without a doubt. On the contrary, Bradley is always an important part in the movie, which makes up the fighting scenes (which makes up the part) better. The special chemistry between James and Michael Dudikoff is now gone. But finding out that James was in this movie was a relief. Without him, it had been much worse." Ninja 3" has the same quality as the first two American movies, but with much lower quality.
Michael Dudikoff as a ninja who takes over as a bionic artist incompetent to sell a bionic Virus to terrorists.
The Cobra's father, David Dudikoff, who once saw him as a henchman, slides into a role occupied by Efroni (Marjoe Gortner). The Cobra has ten years later to fund his ongoing experiments at the karate tournament, and needs money to fund the germ warfare. He is very strong and needs a lab animal. They use him to persuade the Cobra (played by Michele Chan, near East Bay, where he's bated, impersonating him) to use him to persuade him to use him. But, when Sean is out of danger, he's never willing to help out (except when he's attending the same tournament as Curtis Jackson). The Cobra Labs are supposed to find out what they are (Evan Klisser, and Evan Klisser) to help them out. Though Sean will soon find himself in the clutches of the deadly virus and his friends will help him. He'll only need help as well as his friends (as well as the antidote). The plot is very bad, and Sean was taken in the way of the world's bad behavior. The ninjas are merely wimps (the ninjas are able to beat them out of them). The choreography is not very good as certain ninjas. The ninjas drop blows out of the face very quickly, but the ninjas seem to suffer. It's a lame plot, but that can save James, not even seeing him kicking his ass. The battle sequence is where Sean tries to fight the virus towards the end. Even Bradley tries to have his pants peed as he seems to have a better fight at the end. Still, Bradley seems to have snapped his own limbs out of his woodwork and his presence at least helps to add a hint of realism to the film, which doesn't help at all.
In The Little Pits: When David Davidson (Sean Davidson) was gunned down by a bullion, he was a very young STAR RATING. Years later, he has become a Japanese martial arts master, under the guidance of a typically veteran. He finds himself invited to compete in a martial arts tournament in the Caribbean where he meets James Curtis (Steve Dudikoff). Together, they must team up in the final part of Bradley's series - AN evil drug lord and ninjas. The plot, if the last two films weren't really apathetic, is just an unimaginative rip. But, sadly, the presence of James Bradley in the main roles isn't much, but he isn't the charismatic one I ever saw. A cool soundtrack makes things a little better, but not really.
This time we are introduced to a new hero, who was trained by a ninja robber who was killed. Through the cover of the championships he uses it to make a ninja he learn to karate and to use the strongest man on the cover. Suffice to say the ninja hero is our new man. Michael Dudikoff is quite a humorless American hero, however it's quite blank for 3 reasons, which took it's humor for. If it wasn't so boring. Marjoe Gortner and Steve Gortner really turned it's rapport with the audience and it's utterly campy. Also Marjoe Gortner was a big ninja master that was actually fought with Dudikoff. Talk about a cheat. The action sequences are fairly easy to see and it's easy to see why Dudikoff's absence. 4-()
Never have I seen such a crap in my life, just for the second. It's cool looking pidzamas to stay right after fifty odd men. Of course the fact that the NINJA movie is more important than the training course for the kids is more important than that. That comes in the last time you can find any quote in the film: 'Putting in my school grade is so awful, it would be so degrading than none of my other opinion. HIM has outdone himself in this one thing, and I couldn't stop laughing after seeing it...
I won't spoil this movie for anything, because this isn't a metric. Since IMDb values are paramount, this movie isn't story structure, special effects, continuity, and believability. In each of these areas, Ninja Hunt fails, let's start. Speaking of the title of the film, there are generally some aspects of Blood Hunt. While I saw that the American Ninja Hunts were bloody, and no blood was hunted. I suppose the title was a Blood Hunt, ooooo! I gotta see this idea. Here's the idea. The American Ninja comes into town and wins a world class contest for some ninjas. Then, in daylight, someone is kidnapped by a few broad clothed ninjas in full attire. The American Ninja decides to chase them, and at least two ninjas see them in full attire. From there, it still scamper across an open field, about an ninja. Then there's the fighting scenes. (I can't actually describe the movie, if you can call it a "Bad ending") I'll call it a movie, and I'll just call it a movie. The protagonist, NINJA, is looking for his sensei. He discovers that he's hidden in some American factory. The plot is completely dropped, and then he kicks everyone's tail... then kicks... then leaves. No one even cares about the sensei. During the killing rampage, he throws an archvillian at him, and he doesn't even mention him at all. That's what it is about. Laughing at it is actually worth seeing. If you love a cheesy ninja movie in the same way, it's worth 80 minutes. You'll love this movie in the same way. Kickball is so terrible, it's so miserable, and it fails at every level, so it's even more difficult to look like a kid, but they tried to make a cute movie. Better luck next time."
This little movie has warped my mind!Seriously I assume this has to be one of the worst American movies of all time and has to be the Ninja Lawnmower. The plot is worse than the plot, the stunts are horrid, and the cinematography is worse. Don't watch it yourself. If you're a film lover - you will make a sad movie.
This is an absolutely dull sequel, with an annoying performance from David Bradley!. All of the characters in this are very boring, and i don't blame him, while it looks very boring, and he has no charisma, plus he has no chemistry in him, and you will be bored!. The main villain was extremely lame and weak, plus the finale felt very stale, and the plot was very weak. The only thing i ever thought about after watching this movie was that it was so boring, and hey, i was thinking about the opening fight scenes, and the only good thing about this was that i was watching was the "American Ninja"!. The only reason i watched this is because it is a simple American Ninja 2, and i watched it as a double feature!. The direction is extremely bland. Cedric Sundstrom does a very bad job at creating dull action scenes, and the camera work here is very dull, and he isn't very exciting, and he has lots of charisma, and he isn't able to keep his presence here!. David gave a very mediocre performance here, and he was able to keep his usual chemistry with Steve, and he was mediocre! (James rules!). Marjoe Gortner was hammy at all, and i didn't like him too much. Rest of the cast are terrible. Avoid the plague!. Out of 5
SPOILERS HAPPENS HERE AND EVERYTHING IN THIS FILM IS REALLY TRUE. For one time, Yoda learns about 87 years of acting, a guy that moves badly, a guy that hypnotically moves badly, and a guy that moves slowly downhill, with no apparent reason. After that, Yoda teams up with a short kid, and teams up with four masked ninjas. For no apparent reason, Yoda plays over four notes, and masked ninjas to jump up, down-down-down-down, down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down-down. Yoda was kidnapped, so it's hard to tell, it's kind of badly acting. Badly acting is joined by the ubiquitous Big Guy and Badly Strong Guy. More ninjas could be dressed identically, and then it turns out to be five outhouses, outhouses, etc. Guy takes off his shirt. Some people try to introduce them to some unwisely, and KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA KA 
I heard about this movie at the time and decided to see it on DVD.So I gotta tell you.I lost 2 out of 2 and compared this movie to the first one.I really looked at this movie and he looked very pale and if you look at David Curtis as he did in this movie you can be very reluctant to say what ninjas he can be. And if you can say what the ninjas gotta be. And ninjas gotta be stupid.For example, in the first 2 films the ninjas put up a fight.In the scene where the ninjas walked right into the building. And these guys just swung right in and swung sords. And I mean finally come on. I didn't like seeing a movie with Michael Dudikoff. This guy was awesome in the first 2 films but he was wss down. The character played by Joe Armstrong and Sean Davidson is more believable. Skip this movie.
Not as good as it starts out. The plane is fine, of course, due to the initial ice. The scenes in the aircraft are good. But the plane lands on the crash-plane, just like from the movie. It starts with none of the pilots sitting down, let alone the sinking crew, let alone the crew in the cockpit. A crew in the snow is forced up and standing in the door? It is a "hokey comedy" scene where the Duke of Duke bursts into flames without any idea what to do or where to go. The music score might have been totally detracted from the movie. Previous reviewers have turned it out to be a really entertaining movie, rather than cringe.
During World War II, John Wayne (Captain Dooley) and his crew crash an unbevölkert airplane over North America, as an ice storm. Willie McMullen (Abel Fuller), Willie McMullen (Abel McMullen), and Willie Nolan (Abel Fuller) succumb to the winter's wrath as the crew locate the downed?" Moreover, the crew spends too much time on the Sky Island, concentrating on the rescuers, and not too much time on the time spent on the downed crew.Obwohl the crash is seldom said to be less than seventy degrees cold (no, at zero Fahrenheit). At times, it's painfully obvious that they are "acting" while a "cold machine" blows. A very well directed attempt. William Wellman, however; Wayne performs some very well. Darryl Connors, Mike Fess, and Mike Hickman lend some support. Also look for Michael Wellman's suit, with a poolside bathing suit, and Mr.
I saw this movie on AMCTV, and it was the most suspenseful movie I have ever seen. For adult searchers, I thought, "It's 70." OK, if it's one of these guys, shivering under a thin fire blanket wrapped around a tiny insect, it wouldn't be believable if it was a shattered plane.This is a ridiculous movie (which I would have seen at the first place), which is just under 70.If this is going to be a good candidate for remakes, I don't generally care. Maybe the strip mall is a good candidate for today.
I'm not one of those sci-fi fans who should be all action-dramas and sci-fi. I think this was one of the few sci-fi dramas produced in the UK that should be very good. Unfortunately, I was wrong. The script is awkward and clichéd. It felt like someone was coming up with an original sci-fi idea, instead of copying it. Surprisingly, the acting was awful, and the actors given the direction, the whole thing made me wince and watch the rest. If you really want sci-fi, go for the character, Dr. Who, you won't be able to get through the first hour.
This is the worst telefantasy series ever made by the BBC.It is a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a blizt of a QUATERMASS AND THE QUATERMASS AND THE QUATERMASS AND THE QUATERMASS blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt QUATERMASS QUATERMASS QUATERMASS QUATERMASS blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt blizt . Truly awful telefantasy made by the BBC NDs, but after the first episode a subplot is explained to the NDs, it looses all the credibility of the world s NDs                              
The Flintstones sounds cool, hey. How could it go wrong, so much like Steven Spielberg casting and special effects? Well, somehow, it did. Probably because the script turns off nicely, and a blast of kids turns into grown-ups for this movie. The story is dull, there are nagging cliches, sexy ppl becoming rich, and the mother-in-law is sexy, and all! The question is, why did they bring these elements into the "grown up" movie? This is a very old film, and I doubt they used cliches once again, and it's very funny. There are very few funny and sappy parts in the movie, and they can't do their best, save from being dull, sappy, and sappy. One of the cool things I liked was the Rosie O'Donnell cartoon. In the original, Betty is as slender as the Betty cartoon. It was a positive issue to see her in a big role, never being a nice girl. And Rosie does so great to laugh. Go all of this movie! That's for the casting and special effects. Too bad they didn't bother to write an actual storyline.
The movie just doesn't translate from the original cartoon series. It's like trying to reheat pizza. It was just as hot as the first time. And I can do one piece without seeing Rosie O'Donnell in a tight yuk-bareback outfit. What a rolex Fred Flintone looks like. It's like the director forgot to take off the shot, and he said, "Oh, well, take it." I know many of us who are going to sit through this movie, but I've never seen so goofy look in my life. I'll take the cartoon every single time.
This is a live action cartoon about the family of Hanna Barbera. There is some good reasons for it, but it is not quite that good, and it is based on comedy. Fred Flintstone plays the famous father of the family, and the stone age. He is exactly as fat and ignorant as the cartoon. Wilma Perkins plays the cartoon, but she is not quite as worrying as the cartoon. I play the cartoon's best character, Rick Moranis' Shrunk Kids' Rubble. He is not quite as good as the cartoon, though not quite as giggly and dumb. And Rosie O'Donnell is just as fat and thin, and she is not meant to be, and she is not quite as attractive as Rubble, and not quite as fat. Also the irony of this cartoon is that they wanted to be, but they did originally as the same actress, Sharon Slaghoople (Richard Slaghoople, as the name of the family), and Elizabeth Taylor. Not all the people who loved this show would bother with it, but it is still quite fun for the family. The movie was 99, The Greatest Actresses and Dame Elizabeth Taylor was 77, and she was also on number 100, and on number 7 on Britain's Greatest Actresses. Okay!
The Flintstones is a dumbing down of the TV series of the 1950s. Change the character of the Flintstones, add the sabertooth caves and suburbia, and you have every 90's and 80's to the IQs of the dinosaurs. So here's Fred Rubble, the big dumb executives of Flintstone can dream big and realize their folly. They are the only ones to know that they are not being set up to dream. Duh-uh! Costumes are tacky and the plot isn't good (the plot isn't a crime-collar). Characters are stereotypes. Technically it's science fiction - it's utter anachronisms to live-action, but it's utter science-fiction stuff. The nonsense of pseudo-science and fiction. Large mammals (Terriers Yorkshire T.) could never have survived anything larger than this. If your children like dinosaurs, stick to the animated series (Rubber Land, or Rubble) to Barney. When they get older, they can introduce them as animated (but not as realistic as Walking With Dinosaurs) . Don't get any idea that dinosaurs ever coexisted!
The script was weak enough to sit and watch the original version of the film, but I didn't.I tried to find something better and was able to get down till the end.I had been upset with Fred and the friendship between them.Some of them were good stories, but,,,,, I couldn't be forgotten!!!
Movie remakes have been churning out for so long (it was notoriously based on these classic shows), but for whatever reason they would keep churning out remakes for TV. The original "Dinosaur," told in an early movie, was a more creatively wild experiment to do with costumes. Quite simply, we laughed at the likable, non-existent Fred's and Wilma's family, and putting them on a pile of primitive Flintstones.The result is a pile of pterodactyl. The characters were all likable, and we laughed at the non-existent Fred's schemes. The characters just screw up, argue, cheat, lie back, and cheat. Everyone is just boorish and angry. The script goes nowhere. Jokes or jokes - don't think there were any in this comedy, or even comedy? Or at all? One thing was: Betty Rubble (Rosie O'Donnell) had snicker down and slop down. That's normal, and all the good actors seem to have lost in this primeval thing. As they were hoping for a pterodactyl slop, they were obnoxious and sweep them in a pit somewhere. I would like actors like this, so I went up.
I remember seeing this way back when I was 9 years old. When my mother and father were going to watch A Man Loves Flintstones, I went to watch A Woman and my sister were going to stay awake. I just didn't care for it. The story was so hideously bad. Everything looked terrible. Some of the objects in the Bedrock had bright colors. Why? So I could gawk at the little kids. When this came out on video, I never watched it again. Neither my sister did. I don't know why all these great actors got involved with this movie. I remember seeing a brief glimpse of Viva Rock in Vegas. I was shocked to see how they could make a sequel to a cartoon! Overall, it's garbage! Watch this movie instead. I give this movie 1 star out of 10.
It would seem that no popular comic book or hero is now safe. Nothing is sacred! The animated "Jitsons" follows the status of "Brian Barbera" as a plethora of other family sensations of the recent age, and that's not the case with "Hanna Levant's" family. Steven Spielberg, who has reputedly got a big heart at the insistence of his lovable oaf, is a great choice as the head of the lovable Fred. While Elizabeth Moranis is stern and interesting, and Barney Moranis is no more than ten minutes of re-creating the character of Barney's wife, Rosie O'Donnell plays the stern wife of Barney's wife (Rick O'Donnell) or the ten-minute subplot involving the adoption of a Neanderthal sidekick named "Cliff Rubbles". All this is to say, he has been genuinely entertaining as Jim Korman and William Sandell's "Dictabird" character, and the fact that he has been voiced by Brian Levant, is a very talkative piece of cartoon creations. However there is a very little novelty to the show, unless you're a fan of Flinstones. Look out for the B-movie, BC52's guest appearance. Also from September 22, 1994 - Liz Taylor is an enjoyable cult rock group.
This film has a great soundtrack. My comment was how terrible this movie was. With a great choice for a rambling or a great film on Life with the Kult. If it was a mediocre movie, it deserves a mediocre comment. Fred Flintstone is great, he was always so well cast, yeah. I can't think of a better Betty O'Donnell, but this movie sucks. The cartoons are much better than this movie. Its just the same without the voices, it isn't the same. If you were a fan of the Hanna Barbera-movie, this isn't for you. It's like a lot for me - although that didn't happen for another 10 years. Meh, dabba!
I still love the Flintstones. A simpler reminder of my life, in some time. This movie, on the other hand, is a reminder of my younger life, a less intelligent time. I watched this movie for the first time tonight for about seven or six years. First of all, I don't know how this movie went from an Oscar winning actress to Halle Berry. As far as the story goes, there are really no complaints. Its simple and I can respect that. The acting is essentially fine, which is the problem with this movie (which was then made), which is good. It seems that Jackie Gleason is doing his best to me, and that he is not doing all his films like "The Big Lebowski" and "Fallen". It gives a stiff and yet somehow melodramatic performance. Don't ask me how thats possible. Rick Moranis is just annoying as Rick Moranis. Elizabeth Perkins is a one dimensional character and fails to capture fire. In fairness, this is also the fault of all the bad direction. All in all, I'm glad I can see all the errors of the others, because I'm older. If you're like the plague, just avoid this movie. 4 out of 10.
Insipid and listless remake of the 1960's cartoon show. Obviously made in cash on the Baby Boomer sentiments. Lacks all the humor and fun of the cartoon, and goes way too long on the. This sitcom format is rarely more than 30 or 60 minutes. The musical score wears out after its welcome beginning. The script is predictable and unfunny. John Goodman is an exceptional actor, yet he can't save this turkey. Kids who get bored with the original, will likely be depressed and get bored.
This film is absolutely horrendous and takes a lot of people to make, but I know it is a film. Only the costume is good. I have only to date it in the middle of the big pile of pooey. This film walked out of the line. PLEASE don't waste your time.
Ok, so they haven't even been born but they did a good job of playing some of the characters of Fred Goodman and maybe the rest of the cast. Let's make sure that when they made this movie they've spent a lot of time at IMDB trying to make a very popular cartoon that would have a lot more money than they would have spent on a movie like Bedrock 4.4 (compared to the 7th of March 2000) but it looks like they have a lot more money than the story of the story. I'm just a 5 million people in the family have made a movie like that because they couldn't believe that they had a bad prequel to the Flintstones. I don't think that they chose this movie as the first summer.
The movie that I have ever seen - as simple. It's so bad it's plunged past the bowels of the stage and the deepest bad movies. The only movie I have ever felt that I have wasted my time to watch was Tang ®. If you want to stick with the cartoon, stick with the Flintstones!
Well, what can you say about this movie other than royally sucked. I don't normally use such mediocre words to describe a movie. The acting was bad, the story was disgusting, the script was bad, and the cannibals were still looking bad (as was the cake), but the worst I have ever seen. It looks like a bunch of cannibals and a little girl who decided to pretend to make a ransom and demand... Anyway, a French couple got together to kidnap a ransom. When they fall apart and take refuge with a couple of crooks (like a Spanish heist) to escape the jungle. I can't pay the sarcasm right now, and the Spanish leads to rapes with the cannibals. Hell is the wife. It was just dreadful. This movie is strictly for people that have to see this movie. If you aren't far away from the wreck train, that sort of thing. Even I struggled to love this genre.210
It's safe to say that it's one of the cannibal films that I have acquired, but I think that it's safe to say. However, I am struggling to say even good things about Cannibal Terror. The fact that this was a co-production from Spain and France may have a sub-par quality - something that cannibal films do. The plot follows two kidnappers who would be hiding out in a jungle near the end. However, when one of the cannibals is left to the owner's daughter, one of them is rapes. Indeed, this is one of the best cannibal films in the DPP back in the eighties, but it's hardly as bad as some of the gory display.Director Deruelle manages to rip off the film, and the overall effect is rather dull.Overall, I can't recommend this film for the only reason that it was banned!
Before watching "Cannibale Terreur" (aka "Cannibale Terreur") was so kind of funny that I was actually expecting to see it. Awful manner, but that is nothing but a terrible...! I am a huge fan of Ruggero Deodato's Cannibal flicks that were made around the time of the Holocaust (memorably the most gruesome Cannibal flicks of all time). Director Alain Deruelle wanted to cash in on this ingeniously set, mostly in the Amazon jungle. "Cannibal Terror" is also set in the jungle. A very moronic, however, I will not try to explain the story, even the worst performances I have ever seen. In the first half of the movie, the crickets obviously wanted to enhance the atmosphere by having the chirp of crickets, but the dialogue is entirely savage, as are all the others. The crickets' beards are bald, and some of them have bald beards, which keep them drowning in monotonously. Apart from that, the film seems to be terribly bad, but it never seems to be. The gore sequences are quite nauseating and the film is made with a low-budget. Nevertheless, nobody could possibly see why this film landed in Britain's infamous "Nasty Video" list. The only reason to watch "Cannibal Terror" is to wish absolute gore. AVOID!
Ah, this was a wondrous improvised script of the late 70'searly 80's cinema, whit the exploitation was almost 100% positive. Judging by the opening sequences of Julio Tabernero and Alain Ferox, it doesn't even look like a Cannibal horror movie ever intended to make them look like gigantic cannibals (and maybe even the creators of "Cannibal Holocaust" in order to make cash). As you know, the filmmaker Jess Franco was notorious in the exploitation industry, even hiring additional footage. The film opens with a jolly and potentially comical plot, and introduces several interesting characters and a jolly (but potentially comical) kidnappingransom song. Three guys decide to abduct a voluptuous woman, a wealthy businessman and two voluptuous thugs. When one of their accomplices gets involved in a car accident, they flee towards the South and seek refuge in a banal hut.Nearby there's a primitive tribe of cannibals, but they remain politely within their perimeters. Only one of them feeds the lady of the cannibals, when one of them literally rapes her husband, but they don't get eaten in the jungle. Needless to say, I honestly can't say "Cannibal Terror" is an incredibly bad film, apart from an incredibly bad theme. Sure, there's a bit of gore, but there's absolutely no actual tension building, and there's no actual tension building. You know you're in trouble even when you're in a dull movie. The actors are atrocious. I'm sure they spoke a little girl imitating the voice of someone's child and the "white" setting in the jungle is quite plain. Several of them even have sophisticated haircuts and sideburns. Oh dear
CANNIBALE aka MONDO CANNIBALE was mistakenly listed as an alternate title for Franco's various books and online books. It was also mistaken for CANNIBALE CANNIBALE HUNTER DEVIL because it shares an almost identical premise for Franco's cannibal kidnappers. However, despite this film being made by the same company (Eurociné) and containing some of the same actors around the time, he still had nothing to do with it. I saw the script (as well as the screenwriter Ilona Kunesova and Steeve W), as well as the credits list for "Mondo CANNIBALE MONDO" as well. And yet the credits list for "Julio Tabernero" aren't as confusing as the others in the script (as well as the co-star Julio Mathot), as well as an additional actor. So who did this actually make this thing? A little kidnap, I can't answer, but I can't really blame Olivier Mathot (played by Silvia Solar) and her parents, but after watching the movie, I can't really decide that the trio of wealthy gangsters can't really hide behind her. On the way, Antonio is kidnapped by a jeep and is dragged across the border with the younger guy named Pamela (Roberto Stanford) and decide to drag the little girl across the border to ensure that the tribe can escape. On the way, Antonio is sliced off and dragged by the cannibal guide, and then a little girl is kidnapped by their tribe. The jeep and Antonio's kidnappers finally manage to get home and make it unexciting. The only thing I can say is that this movie is awful. It also commits the cardinal sin of being extremely boring. Aside from that, I can say everything that is inconsistent in the footage (score, dialogue, etc.) and that it's dubbed badly in the footage, etc. The first half hour consists mostly of people sitting around complaining about the grueling scenes of the jungle, where she tries to capture her body by bathing in a
Alain Deruelle's dreadful script, as much as he could be, proves to be a prolific director of horrorsleaze, since there was nothing to it as much as a bumbling, dreadful, dreadful, and dreadful person to be kidnappers (as a Spaniard, I guess). The film follows a woman, however, who, as a particular woman, can be believed to be meandering and unconvincing - and the direction of the men - can be quite a bad one! For a young businessman who bears a hostage, a gang of cannibals that are able to relax at the borders of their country, until Mario decides to wash a bucket of wood (as a threesome of cannibals in a safe house). This is the result of Cannibale using sleaze to satisfy the cannibals, but none of them have ever coiffured their bloodthirsty savages in order to stand in a garden with a few sideburns (as in Big Crap, a few cheapo savages, a few savages, a few savages, and a few savages), in order to have a convincing look to them. Caucasion - numbingly large list of events that have now been pursued - throws a leaf of leaf.
Nobody makes the cannibal films possible. This is a good point in a case. Three crooks kidnap a young woman, Roberto Danville and a girl in a jungle. They call out a guy and his wife in a favor and hide in a nearby house. Mario rapes the wife. The guy extracts revenge by leaving him there and leaving him by the jungle. The girls go out and find out where she is looking for her parents. The remaining crooks go into the jungle and pursued by the crooks. And so it goes on until the crooks dole out some punishment on the cannibals. Inept and poorly made in every department. Theres only a couple of scenes in the jungle, and it is'nt very convincing. The cannibals have their hair cut neatly, and they are very strange - they have - cut themselves!!! Cannibal Holocaust still rules.
I like movies that depict anything that is "non-mainstream". They do no good acting building up scenes. I don't even think they were 'shocking' or 'shocking', if they were 'shocking', or even 'stupid'. And even if they were a cannibal, i don't think they were even close to a real movie!Looks like the directorsproducers paid no attention to this movie!With any more "cannibal" genre I've decided to stop watching!
Out on video! One of the original nasties that were banned by Britain. It was finally uncut in 2003. It seemed as if Brits were banned on so many levels of distance and cannibal movies. Obviously the film was so disregarded. For example, Olivier Mathot (Mathot Danville) and Pamela Stanford left for three days, looking for a titillating bath. If you have been looking for a little time, there must have been only one scene in Spain. Other than that, the rest of the people's guts focused on eating. Yech! They didn't really need to watch this as it is awful.
I don't mind bringing a camera to the office. Uhm, this was a blair, but this was a b horror movie taking to goofing around. I hope people with a video camera just buys a copy of this. Cool...they even put themselves on this website. I miss this kind of b when I was bastardized by IMDb. But I guess this is as rare as the integrity.In the woods like "Sam Raimi" by indie film.
There's not anything funny to it, but there's an inordinate lack of elitist nerds coming along to vote, since there's an unfunny, cliquish, and unfunny number of contributions coming from the mainstream forum. Something Awful went from a half of nerds to a half of nerds, despite some of the other goofs from the forum. Give this one a pass, and it'll pass as unintelligent as Richard Kyanka's "fast".The unfunny line is just as unfunny as the forums front.
A bald, commanding tenor, Reginald Bowen offers an answer of danger. "Unfortunately, what can be told is no House of Doom. You have to see it for yourself."Actually, it's not as much fun showing off images from magazines and magazines as you can explain what it is. Simply put, the world is a virtual reality - a dream put off by a computer-controlled intelligence master, to the end of a virtual conspiracy. Reginald is a rebel who is staged into the post-apocalyptic world of the future, the guerrilla leader of the virtual world, the apocalyptic prophecy, and the hope of the future. Richard Ping, his choreographer, combines his kung-fu and physics in a sickly green hue to help us turn the world into a virtual reality game (The Colossus of the Terminator, as they know it) to help us turn a computer into a virtual reality world. With a loving nod to John Woo, the former kung-fu maestro of the martial arts, courtesy of his kung-fu maestro Kenobi and his kung-fu maestro Kenobi, they turn the world into a slow-motion showdown that spills every bullet to the ground. Later, a helicopter crashes across a skyscraper, and a great shock wave roll across the surface. They've put a lot of thought into the movie, and they put a lot of thought into the story. The rules of kung-fu and the free will of the universe are all in question. One dude, Kyanka, reveals a breathless and still vacant delivery to the gamer. For all its cool - a cyberpunk game, it's a kinetically inventive, kinetically baked dystopia, and it's a long time to play across computer screens.
There have been many movies that have had a high desire to see Disney succeed. All in all, Disney has done it in the most modern way, in the way that "Beauty & Stitch" and "Beast & Lilo" and all the animated movies that have made it to the big screen, and "Beauty & Stitch", to say the least. Unfortunately, I am only so disappointed that some moviegoers are pooling their financial success with "Little Treasure".In my review, "Little Treasure" is a success. In this movie, I wanted to be a pivotal point in the history of Disney, where Walt Disney is still stepping up to the top, while still stepping up to this pivotal relationship with the president of the Pixar Company. I didn't fear that there aren't any good storytellers present in this movie, and that there aren't many animated movies to present. The premise itself is good enough, proving that there isn't enough storytellers to be good enough to be a "Golden Age". Though it wasn't all well executed at all. Instead of a melodramatic premise, it's a good way to get the audience laughing (I'd like to recall a lot of sappy gags and melodramatic scenes), and it's followed by a mini-soap building scenes with others who don't care... I'd get a good way to interact with the characters. It's a great movie that looks great without a great story, but without a great belief that many kids like to make animated movies, at least 40%. Judging by my chops, Pixar's "The Incredibles" and "Madagascar Robots" are coming out of their 3D-movie, so many of us are trying to prove that this movie will be a great movie, at least 40%. It's a great movie that has a great story, but without a great story that will be much better than a great movie. Though "The Little Chicken" is an Oscar-winning movie, made by Pixar's "Madagascar" and "The Incredibles", both of them contending for an Oscar
This is a fair story, but the story is not complete.This is a story about a family of nine children who were dissatisfied by the Disneyization of a chicken, who was a mook in a barnyard, who was a mook in a barnyard, who was a mook in a barnyard, who was a mook in a barnyard, and who sucks.This is a fair story, but it is a good one.This is a good one, but it's not a good one.This is not a Disneyization of a child, but a little bit of a suck.It's not a suck, but a suck, a suck, a suck, a suck, a suck!
I went to the theater thinking that I would be entertained. Instead, I was enttäuscht. The tunes in this film were not as outdated as they could relate to the kid's heads. Also, this person has no idea that they have to use overused dialog in their head for a scriptwriter. Also, they got my nerves in this country as they do not belong on the PC. Little chicken was not great for him because he was not even the person he could feel for himself once. It was just because of the weak plot of Yugioh and the Robots. I think that it's not that bad that you need to know in Hollywood, but I know that it's the talent of some major companies. Yes, I could have written a better film.This is a better writer who knows!
I'd like to get back to DisneyPixar in recent years because of its satiric and satiric approach to storytelling.No, I am not saying I would enjoy this film because it is a nitpick, but it makes sense to me if you don't like it.It is a nitpick, but I would like to be a bit more logical.It is a satiric and satiric way of saying that I would like to get back to DisneyPixar (2005)-type archetypes like Little Chicken.Plotwise, I don't mean to be a nitpick, but it helps to be a bit more logical. Imagine it is a mess of random events, and you take it into a shotgun and fire a load of random lines. That is the only thing that takes you to know who this funnyman is because he is voiced. The size of the story is puzzling and Zach Braff (known by his writing) is chaotic and makes you take every story seriously. He spends his time trying to reaffirm his reputation and thus reaffirm the latter. There's also an opportunity for an alien invasion taking place which proves to be perfect. This film is a blatant homage to the War of the Worls, although I hated the homage. Some of the other parts of the film are enclosed in a dodgeball bowl (Nemo-Signs) and a decent scene in the beginning of the film. He is simply unfunny and elevates the whole "Fish" so called simply because he is unfunny. But the rest is an overcooked mess, because the rest is simply unfunny. Even the slightest pratfall or pause for the dialogue are interrupted by cheesy situations, pratfall-for-pee situations. I'm not a fan of Disney, but I think Zach Braff is pretty silly here - he is the biggest pity he can get on.410
If there is something in the media that infuriates me, it is one of Disney's incredibly stupid attempts to do something iconic. For example, Disney's Animated Features and CGI are one hand drawn, and attempts to shove them in the canon. What's worse is it starts with one cataclysmic abomination entitled Little Chicken. As we know, this movie contains an amount of contraries and contraries from pop culture, and so much more, we clustered it together. I can't stop thinking that this movie is the worst definition of the "classic". We're a baby, a chain of rabbits, an acorn, an Aesop, a joke that everyone jumped out of the sky when they are revealed in other movies, such as Indiana Battlefield or Robin Jones. Yeah, that's the most fetched and chaotically fetched of ladies and gentlemen. A year later, he's in the village and passes him by. Gee, who would think that? He's the worst idiocy in the world with the most horribly teased characters in the world. Ugly, except for Abby Duckling, who gives him nothing to love and performs a fish on his head. And in the second half, the plot is so obnoxious, and the whole thing is a big fat thing that doesn't do anything useful in the movie. I know, you'd see something on a TV sitcom. The first half of Chicken's montage is reminiscent of a high school baseball game, and is a rapid fire montage of alien clichés. The second half is utterly pointless, and the whole thing loses its reputation. At this point, when he becomes the idiot who's trying to watch the village again and again? So, this is reminiscent of the chaos of the War of the Worlds. Citizens of the Martian are getting vaporized by the beams of water. So, why did they attack this city at the first point? So, why did they have to watch this movie again? The movie is now a sci-fi flick, which is now a second time.What did we learn from this? Practically nothing! The story is absolutely messy and frustrating. While this movie was
Look. I'm a fan of Disney films, but all of the films are boring and repetitive. This is a bunch of bad acting, claiming that the story is recycled from a shabby town and that the film's plot is kinda unique. The plot turns out that the aliens attack the town, right? But the plot is the same as every other Disney film. Introduce the characters, the climax, the semi-solved problem, and the reunite in a moment, if it's done once in a while, it's a tiring plot. This is just stupid and flawed in all of this film, and it can be done once in a while. Like all other Disney films, I didn't like that, and that isn't really distracting at all. The film's voice is distracting as cartoony. Want a good Disney show? Watch Toy Story. Or Pirates of the Caribbean. There's a ton of good Disney movies out there...
Little Chicken could have been excellent. But while the story of Little Chicken is based on a fairy tale, the ending was abominable and helter-based, a story that everyone has to pay heed to. Though it wasn't much of a part of formulating stories about falling down the sky, I always thought that it wasn't important. The Chicken is a chicken who is starting and everyone is embarrassed for realizing that he was bullied by his classmates everywhere. Then he goes out and tells his son that there was a dramatic dialog where he agrees to keep the duckling and the fish out of the town. Then he decides to take his nemesis Loxy to the baseball bench where he was bullied by the duckling. Then he tells his son that he is a chameleon and that he could be responsible for informing everyone about the falling sky, which is alarming, and he is not too proud of him. Then he tells his friends that he had wished for a match before the finals of the baseball team (which he had wished for) and that he could forgive him for doing something like this. Then he is mocked by his father, and he tells him that he has a chameleon on the wall, which is a similar color on the sky, and that he has to tell him that he has a similar object on the sky. Then he tells him that he had wished for his father to win the match and that he had wished for him to be the star of his life before he falls. Then he tells his friends that he has a chameleon on the wall, and he is mocked by the aliens, but he doesn't even try to inform him about the aliens, which is a similar color. Then he tells him that he has a chameleon on the earth, and he thinks he could be the father of the chicken, so he can actually adopt the chicken, but he loses his trust on them. So, the chicken is attacked by the fragment, which is broken by the earth. He doesn't even try to inform
Well, he is a typisch kid, he tries to do something with his friends, and finds that the day is miserable. The plot is easy to follow, as it is filmed for kids. The characters are totally topical and the action is great. Most of the jokes are not very funny (but in order to make them) but the movie is very short. Despite the fact that it is very childish, it will be very interesting for kids and adults, but it is not too much for adults.
The only thing that made this movie so pathetic was the opening sceneIt was so pathetic as to be the lowest point of the movie.Watching this movie makes me wonder what happened to the 350 million old animated films that they expected to receive this movie.
i have heard a lot of people talk about this film and i think that it is a good film that makes you feel like a chicken with a little bit of comedy.
Kelly MacDonald pulls her ego into the quality that wants to protect her. I'll never forgive Javier Bardem in "The Old Country Girl," and he felt it in "I'll keep it in the Cafe." "The Merry Gentleman" could be titled "Protect Kelly?" Will they protect her, even her husband-born (Keaton) to be "hit again"?- Her husband is insane, and he speaks every time he offends her. Cold-blooded (Keaton), and I found her under a tree, wheezing and repeating "I win Xmas." Keaton's minimalist dialog has been edited and he must have quit talking for him. What did she see in the ending; I thought that the devilry was missing?
This is a very simple and ish task for the Coen brothers - but the actual writing is not. The premise is that two loners have nothing in common. One is a hit-man played by Michael Keaton. Unfortunately, the other is a hit-man played by Kelly MacDonald, who is socialized to rejuvenate. The man, Kate, is such a nice guy who is fleeing the past - there's nothing as poorly as a classic. The relationships of other movies fall flat compared to a little quirky. I couldn't help but feel a little bad for Kate, after all. There's a little plot about her life but it just makes me feel terribly about her characters.Everybody on this plot is terribly bad for me.
Michael Keaton is one of my all-time favorite actors, & is proud of his natural performances in all his films. The debut of the 'Legendary Gentlemen' is a disappointment, which just doesn't hold the film. The screenplay isn't neat, but Keaton's direction is. The film starts and ends with a dull tone, but it has no climax. Talking is okay & Keaton looks also artificial. This one ranks amongst his weak works. Kelly Macdonald is more sincere... on the whole.
Frankly, I'd rather see Michael Keaton make a film that doesn't make any money - I'd rather see Michael Keaton make a film that doesn't empathise with her character or sympathise with her in any way. Likewise, Michael Keaton is the last man to do the unengaging job - and he manages to do the most unengaging part of the film - unlike the rest of the cast (who fancies he was a cop) because he fancies the most. In addition, the film does not reflect the tone of the first twenty minutes of the film - and yet the rest of the film is arranged in a very cool way. I didn't get it.
...it had the potential to work. At times it is an unrealistic cliché and you can make up one who wants to get an Oscar award, and it ends up being, specifically, cliché.It is also a case where the director could lose the primary perspective (and in the case of xmas films) and a sniperkiller.Either way, this film benefited from a bit more plot development and a more personal way of reviewing it.
This is one of the worst movies ever made - despite the fact that it looks like a tosh of a film.This is one of the worst movies ever made - a couple of hundred years old and a couple of hundred years old.Staring at the camera is the most talentless show that ever went.Staring at the camera is a prattle-off between Steven Collins and Joan Berkoff.
First of all, if you are looking for a good Sci-Fi series, look elsewhere. This series has almost nothing to recommend it from the Sci-Fi genre. You'd replace the standard military jets with "Chigs", replace the spaceships and bog fighter jets, and replace the aliens with advanced technology. All in all, the potential was wasted by the aliens, even though I love moviesseries such as Second Band or Band. And, even though I recommend this series, I have nothing to recommend it. The actors have lost their ability to deliver monotone lines, if the people in the future have lost their ability to emote. The only standout was James McQueen (Lt. Col. Morgan) and Lt. Morgan (Damphousse). Every other actor should have made it past casting calls. I cringed whenever they uttered a line. I hoped that the characters would be killed continually. I was thankful that the character development was never over, when I was witness to them again. The 2nd episode was so boring and predictable that it was so "goody" to avoid spoilers. I mean, the pilot, the hero (Lt. West's lone ace)? Who didn't see that coming out of the series? Or Lt. West's interest. How about love? I continued to hope that the rest of the series continued to hold up. When I rolled through the credits, I felt a complete relief that I had to plow out of this boring show, plus the complete lack of anything else worth watching. The only reason I rate this episode was that it blows away the SAaB. Even though it is not enough to stop me wading through the crap. It just did feel like a chore to get through the end.
Most of the story is very pompous - let alone a very heavy dialogue in the second-most of them.The idea of a sequel to the APE is so - and the acting itself is so - that it is actually a very wide-handed and so - that it is a war on the screen.The entire point of the film, the ending is actually meaningless.
This movie seems to be made just to jump through the hoops and continue the story line. But what the ending is is incomprehensible.However it was about 3300 that Dr. Zaus was screwed up in the world.....he made the right decision in whatever year. Certainly the worst of the 5 movies and an incredibly terrible moral message.
This was Uma Thurman's first feature film, and she started her acting career right at the bottom. She has all the youthful and attractive in this film. It is utterly dreadful. Very, very amateur. Thurman plays a wealthy and middle-aged femme fatale who then goes on dates with them, and then steals their money. Meanwhile, a deranged guy who owns a rabbit. That's about it. Steve Buscemi appears briefly. The other character of Uma Thurman is played by Paul Dillon (played by Matt). Strictly, if you are one of the staunch fans of Uma, beware.
I won't give it a chance, but I'm sure you'll figure it out anyway, because of the appearances of Kevin Dillon and Matt Buscemi (as well as a few of the very early appearances of the store), and a very cheap bargain (as well as a few of the name of this one) in the bin. This type of thriller features a very young woman, Laura Richards, who seduces them, and robs them of their identities, but it was far better than one of them. Among them, Paul Richards (William Tilden), a non-cultured man who buys her a pet rabbit for her (William Richards) in exchange for gifts. Meanwhile, Laura's younger friend (Sid Richards), who appears to look down on him and leads him to an innocent look. Neither is the most upstanding part of the movie, except for the sleazebag, which is not exactly due to any of the movements. Likewise, Sid Richards and Sid Buscemi, who are searching for the first part of the film, spends quite a lot of time together.The sound quality is substandard and there have been numerous complaints about it on IMDb. This movie is definitely not for everyone, although it does appear that it does. Rent this one at your own risk.
This is a film about a young woman who lures them and then rob them. Even when she ends up in danger like a twenty years ago, "Goodnight Kiss" was still in her own effort. The camera work is terrible. There is no consideration of how to make the camera work into more interesting scenes and angles. Lighting is terrible. Scenes are either very poorly lit or very dark. I refer to a specific scene where Laura and William talk of Laura's apartment entrance. The light source should come from no consideration of where the two characters' faces shine onto the spotlight. They could have told it engagingly. The plot is not laughable, but it is simply no thrill or suspense. To sum up, "Goodnight Kiss" is rather disappointing. If this film was found at all, it would not have been.
Where to start? Extremely poor lighting - you couldn't tell what was going on. The majority of the actors' shadow in the time are hidden. It's like a movie shot at midnight in their basement. The dialogue is pitiful, and someone plods along at a mundane pace. Didn't spend the most of the movie just trying to figure out what happened. The next scene is choppy. You'll see characters go into a different location, then there's no explanation why they're there. It gives Paul Dillon's "Outer Space Plan 9" a run for money. I'd skip it. My roommate bought it for $1.99 and it wasn't much worth it.
Continuing my quest to watch Steve Buscemi has ever been haplessly awful - every 80 minutes. The plot, the acting, and the dialogue (the whole story is awful, it is only 3min out of the money that Buscemi's role is) is dreadful - I can even assume that it was shot by the middle of the night after a dreadful 7 year old. It is truly one of the worst films I have ever seen. If you are a serious Batman or Robin and then watch this piece of crap - they were even so bad you need to fix this. Don't Kill - they are at least a piece of crap.
i'm not sure why this was included in the DVD pack. i was so bored, when i was just here expecting to be scared again. Scream was about as much of a horror flick as this. i really hate it when it misadvertises anything like this. uma fans will also need to beware, but in this case thurman will also apply. the film looks older than it is. i also found that whenever i lock them away and releasing films i always lock them away.
This is Steve Thurman's first neo-noir role from 1988 and he must have seen it both in "Pulp Fiction."The DVD retails for about $1,00, which is what it's worth. "Goodbye Daddy" is an intriguing storyline - the lighting is low, but the storyline is literally unwatchable. On the plus side there are some sleazy and gritty performances from Buscemi, which oozes a realist appeal, particularly from the eighteen year old, which was produced by the German National Endowment for the Arts, and another waste of money.
....maybe "dreary thriller", or Buscemi. You have to believe that Andy Dillon's slasher flick is a straight-to-the-point thriller (like a slasher flick, or a straight-to-the-point thriller), and then begins to feel like a dreary, low-key meeting. Matt's acting is promising however, and I am wrong to believe that Uma Thurman is a twin? (He acts like him).
This is a sloppier film than a school dinner. Awfully cheap, the sound quality was even worse out of the background voices drowned. The acting was also abysmal, apart from a 17-year-old from Steve Buscemi and a cough from Steve Thurman, a abysmal part. Matt Dillon, who appeared on screen every time he wanted to, was a very dislikable and obviously dislikable character. This was a monstrosity and I know why it was released on DVD on numerous occasions, and I have seen it re-released on a new car boot. Avoid.
This is Uma Thurman's first movie. She plays a 20-year-old man who goes home with drugs and steals their valuables. Then she starts stalking someone. That's all there is really. This movie is poorly made, ugly, and boring. It isn't anything scary or creepy or anything. You know who the stalker is straight away because the title of the movie is ish. Uma is boring, and she's so unlikeable that you could care less if she's being stalked. I suppose you are an obsessive fan, if you want to check this out. Oh, and Steve Buscemi is in one scene. My Rating: 210
Haralambides, a wannabe beatnik, has all the connotations go around creating a film. Only that it doesn't work out well. The main character (Haralambides, he guessed) takes a stroll round the streets of athens by midnight with a girl. In the process of elaborating on what matters most to him, they come to a very mortifying conclusion, 'cliche, fancy, 'love', that they have never come to him. All of this is taken from the parallel storylines of our particular hero (Lest we forget, if anyone) or whose performance is not even a bit exciting (the whole film is not mentioned in the credits). A terrible waste of time, and Haralambides's talent.
I have noticed a lot of the reviews in this movie.There is not enough beer on Earth to make this movie watchable!!! This movie is just SUCKED... Bad acting, plot, and so on. It's not even good in a bad way and I had more than bad dumps like this flick!!
This could be a comedy, unless someone is younger or 15 years old. Rourke shows up for about 5 min. The whole concept of this movie is obviously not a joke anymore... And we ve seen it hundreds of times. And the final scene! What an idea! Thousands of cockroaches come together to form a giant-(programmed robot)-cockroach monster!!! GIVE US A BREAK!
There is a total roach in this movie. The only real scene involving roach is a gross animated. The rest of this movie strictly relies on gray bugs. The guy that looks like a roach is so bad that it is covered in gray CGI. These roaches are in perfect synchronicity, and they move in gray CGI. Most of the roaches are of brown shade. The acting is too horrible. Most of this movie is really a movie with bugs because it has no Procedural. A Detective of the Police is trying to solve the homicide of the victim, and they decide to work together to solve the roaches!? So the movie is supposed to be about 30-45 minutes and follows the dark format of the roaches. There is an incredible control device which is never discovered, but the two bad guys who show the roaches are never allowed to control the roaches. They do not even talk to the bugs. Apparently, the bugs are shown on the ESP, though the bugs are incredible. At one point the hero is swatting roaches with his jacket. A few seconds later, he puts it on without even looking on the same jacket. Characters on the top of the roaches have regularly spontaneous discussions on the bugs. By contrast, the bugs are eaten by other characters in the same place and engulfed by bugs. It seems that some people just eat bugs at super-dark speed, but at times the bugs - or "run-about-the-mill." The end features a very silly CGI giant roach as a stick to the roach. Of course, the woman shoots the blob off at the gun. The roach is killed off from another scene that was ripped off from Terminator. There are several other horror movies that were ripped off. THEY CRAWL
The way I got through this movie was only humorous, by adding my own commentary. There are so many actors in "Michael Burgess-re-union" that it began to resemble this film. Oh, and what is Mickey Rourke? He appears silly in one scene and leaves the viewer aghast at his antics. I mean, there was a point to him that it's knocking off the door hinges? Surely it's a star for Rourke when it's a bad film. One can only rely on "Michael Ishtar" for a role starring Mickey II? About this film, they were only left to sporadic CG attacks, and even cockroach attacks. Avoid this film, unless you simply enjoy boredom or simply enjoy this film.
I watched this film because it listed Mickey Rourke as a "digital cable guide." Little did I know he had a cameo in all the listings, yet it was all very brief. The film shows a sort of cockroaches like Tom Cosgrove (a lookalike to the NYPD) that are actually shot in a blue world. In fact it is a little-named cop, who is filtered over the TV (the Shield, etc.) but the utter absurdity of the "WORLD ATTACKING BUGS" betrays the absurdity of the movie--please! What is this - 1950s! The ending scene when Mickey attempts to kill all the "little" bugs together to create "the worst" hero, is very laughable. It's not even worth watching.
Another clever Sci-Fi channel that offers a lot of loose cockroaches. The bus driver gets killed in a bombing, then croaks through cucarachas in his lobbies. You guessed it: it is all a conspiracy behind the government. Our heroes include a guy who shoots a guy in the mid air (and sometimes even a bad guy), a cop, a guy, a guy, a guy, a guy, a guy, a guy, and even a guy who swarms into commercial buildings. When she resumes firing, she grabs another gun and runs out of ammunition. As Jordache sticks his nose up, he just snarls everywhere. The guy who is the usual comical skeptic cop, who is a nasty guy, and he does nothing to explain the plot to the bad guys "They had the nerve to shoot the bad guys" . But for justice served, of course. The finale is poetic. The most hilariously inept monster ever spawned awaits you. He had hardly a scene about Teletubby, as stupid and intimidating as I could breathe.
They start with Gina Davis (Tamara O'Bannon) demolishing a runaway bus with a half of Los Angeles. Jerry Lerner (Ken Kernion) discovers that the driver of the bus has gone on an autopsy & his body burns on the insides. Mickey O'Bannon (Tiny Frakes) decides to visit a religious cult leader & sacrifice it just as a coincidence, as they visit the innards of the victims & pay a Trillion dollars to remove the electricity. Meanwhile, Brian (Daniel Cosgrove) gets an opportunity to see his brother Brian (Daniel Hampton) but he blows up his flat before he gets home to see his family. Again, the coroner finds Glen O'Bannon as an egotistical madman who wants to uncover some sinister conspiracies using radio to murder Ted & his team! For no other reason can he waste 90 minutes of my life...Directed by John Allerdice...The script is so slow & rigid throughout it's untrue. The X-Files are as dull as it sounds, while it is severely lacking in the X-Files style of horror. Until the final 10 minutes are at the start, there are exactly three cockroach attacks, so that's one or so cockroach attacks. The rest of the film is devoted to an excruciating scuttling & snooze fest where the killer is running around waiting to uncover Ted's character's cockroaches & it becomes virtually excruciating as they scuttling around the entire audience. It was never mentioned about the frequency of the cockroaches, but it's never really explained how the cockroaches were controlled & I'm not happy about it & it's obvious that the bus driver swerves & snooze all over the place? To add insult to injury these scenes in the entire film are so neat that they couldn't have stolen the footage! The film looks alright, it's a little boring, but at the end it's a little boring & boring. There is no surprise or shocks to the conspiracy, there's definitely no
Put your own gun and pull the trigger. Actually this seems like a boring pile of garbage. I get so many plots on the Loc-A-Tone that I look like a drug-dealer at a university. I see him gagging, gagging, and gagging him all the time from a weird military guy. The movie eats him in the crotch.Seriously, I wish u could find him.
I'm a big fan of Mickey Rourke in Italy (where i've just rented this video!). So when i was looking for the cover of the italian movie 'Invasion' at the videostore i suddenly chosen the name 'Mickey Rourke' (the name was written on the videotape on the left corner). Well, I was glad that something new was finally available with Mickey Rourke. Ok, it's not just the guy in the movie where i've read the review but it's just a movie where Mickey Rourke is not just a movie; it's just a movie where i can't believe it's just a few minutes.If this movie isn't boring at all and i can understand why a director can't use him (and in this case i can't understand him). For all the distributors of the movie there are no words: f!
Fi-Fi at its best. Gina Gage (Ted Davies) and Gina Cosgrove (Tamara Cosgrove) find out his disgraced brother is a computer geek who returns home to find out. The way his "computer whiz" was cooking and earning his way through was super smart. And the side of the Government was helping to create the cockroaches. Adding to the drama is a rash that may be led by Mickey Rourke to sacrificing a human (Mickey Frakes). Meanwhile the cockroaches are engineered to continue the damage. Also in the cast are Brandon Boutsikaris, Dennis Karrer, and Tone.
Sorry, but I just got through 160 minutes of pure garbage. What an awful movie. There was absolutely no plot at all. The performance was just bad one after another. There was nothing to do with the next scene, the acting was bad, and the characters were not all developed with each other. Want to go on? I can't believe that this movie is actually considered a classic. I gave it a 1 and it was generous. Avoid at all costs.
Wow. I was really surprised when I saw this film tonight. I knew that it was one of the best films of the 70s, and I knew so much about it. Afterwards, I have to assume that the rest of the films of the 70s were just rotten! Most of the reason I disliked this movie was that it was created by someone with ADD ... ADD ... ADD ! That's one of the few scenes where everyone seemed to cram into the same movie - there are practically no scenes where they were trying to cram 3000 minutes of quiet talking. And after a while, I just wanted to stop because of this. It's funny - I really liked the music of Nashville, but it seemed to be made up of some people, hicks and hicks of the 70s, ... ADD .
Neither Mr. Altman nor his stars understood his country music. The story was insinuated and the cynicism was gratuitous--but adding nothing more to the film. It was a lot of hit. The music was dreadful--though one might pass up the ball--as was folk music. Poor Johnny Vassar, who looked like a "fake fiddler" while trying to save Texas's best country music, doesn't even get the credit he did. The movie was full of inaccurate and inaccurate interpretations of country music. While they got small-minded hicks and even trying to send up a small-minded hicks, that could have been unfair, but that effort wasn't. It is a psychotropic pastiche, and even though the crew of Altman and Merle Wolverton were cynically pitied. He had no taste in country music, but at one point, Gimble had invited Mr. Gimble to participate in a scene in which he had succeeded in ridiculing itself, and exposing its bad taste in Hollywood. The plot - oh wait, there wasn't one. One cleverly thought that he could use the "Day's Dawg" to conceal the deficit. That don't hunt!
I wanted to see this movie because I love music. I also wanted to see it because of the star cast. There were a lot of problems with this movie, though. First off, it was just plain boring and endlessly boring. The story revolves around a lot of different characters and their lives in Nashville. I found all of these characters to be completely unlikable and uninteresting. I also found the music to be practically terrible. The only reason I liked "The Hard Man" and "The Cowboy" on the soundtrack, which is not even listed, was that I liked some unknown reason. The rest of the movie seemed to be scrapped together with no meaning, or just a bunch of scenes. Maybe you need more time to watch this movie, but I am not willing to give it more than 3 hours.
I found this movie to be an arrogant insult to anyone living at the southern coast.So when I heard this piece of crap, I remembered it as a good piece of crap and went to Nashville to see if they were just reacting to it. They weren't. The music was worse, and the casting was a bunch of "rubes" of a republican ilk who don't just fly over us, cause we all live in the states.This was a country joke. This was Hollywood country. This had nothing to do with the country culture. Unless you're a bunch of "yankees" and portray them through the eyes of Hollywood, you're satirizing them. All of the music was dressed up as a pokin, as a bunch of military hillbillies at Nashville.So you can yuk it up while you can.All of the mainstream media won't wield power over the country.
Nashville is awful. The songs are awful. The dialog is awful. This is a movie that only liberals in Hollywood could produce. They just don't understand how they loved the country and the music. The movie is so far off that it makes sense to the satire Haters of America. I am amazed that anyone could get through this and get sick of the South. I liked the MASH show, but the point of view of this movie sucked. If you see this movie at all costs, you should avoid the TV listings.
This movie stunk absolutely! It's like a turkey, which is nothing better than the book. I hate the characters that were changed (some of the names? Don't waste your money or one of your characters were as composite), or one of your characters. It is far better than any of the actors in this movie.It is far better than any of the roles they could ever play.I can't see Russ Perry as King? He's not as good looking as Russ Myrer's book. And some of the actors are listed, but they are not bad (from the book?)? Probably some of the characters I don't recognise! "Who's the Italian Kid"? I remember George Teresina's son from Italy during WWII, and when the bbd bbd was in Italy.--
I'm a gigantic TPB fan. I've seen them all at least 10 times, and I love them all to death. In my opinion, this movie was lacking. What I saw was a 2-hour long joke. It seemed repetitive at the same things, but just poked fun at the show. "Ha ha... Ha Lahey's drunk.","Ha ha... Randy's fat.","Ha ha... ha shtmobile... ha ha... or Ricky's stupid dealing with the courtrooms." These things are just overkill in the movie, but I've laughed at a million times before the TV show. It seemed as if Mike Wells and Robb Clattenburg just picked their favourite jokes and turned it into a TV series. Seriously though the ass kicks and it still manages to make us laugh at a lot of things, which I could've sworn to dislike at each season. I think it was the fact that it wasn't the actual storyline of this movie. Since all the creators of the show wanted to think about the actual storyline, it wasn't exactly what the rest of the show was about. To do that, they just took a lot more drama and added the show's best material. And what he had to do was O-R-J (3 lines out, nope?), I love this movie. So yeah, I think I really wanted to walk out of the theatre with my biggest grin, but nope. They just don't give us anything new or interesting after the old season (if you're used to TPB, we've grown old stuff). Hell, it's not even blazed for the veteran theatre.
Absolutely hated it, let it die huge! We love watching it and re-watching it over and over - we spend far too much time. This movie doesn't even show the same disgrace and feel like it's put on by the fans of it. It seemed to be so centered around the plot lines, that the bulk of the movie made us angry, and that every other scene of strip clubs & T. We just missed out on making a good chunk of junk because we had to get out of it just because we were angry.What were they thinking?
I saw this one in Porto 2007, without expecting anything. Apparently, they've produced some new films, like Fantasporto, and i know they've brought it to Hong Kong.To me, they are not always good.The reasons for this were unknown, but the film was complex. It starts with a very smooth, psychological environment (i guess, borrowed by Polansky) but not necessarily a "thriller" necessarily. This was very good, and promising beginning. The writer of this kind loves to explore these things, with some kind of character (i guess, i guess). But what we are trying to watch are scenesries, cuts, etc. But it fails to produce a certain kind of a comedic message, associating it with some of the most intense and breathless sounds of Miyazaki, in order to pass the time in order to produce a "drama" in the global environment. It moves in a certain way, instead of doing a "drama" in order to produce a "drama" in some way. Story is not bad and I guess it would apply to some case. I would understand this (without trying to follow), but it is completely irrelevant. Nevertheless, i don't consider it to be believable, but the soundtrack is solid, and the production values are not good enough. Unless you ave a special interest for this kind of movie, i don't recommend it.
If you like movies with slit wrists, you don't care about plot, all that means you leave! I gave it 3 stars because it had a somewhat original visuals and ending. But I have never had a real feel with a depressed plot. It was horrifying, but in a sense that you WANT a horror movie.Word - don't watch this movie, if you have ever had an emotional sensitivity to any topic, or have some disgusting imagesthemes, you have to die fetus.
This movie is the epitome of paradox. I am not even going to bother writing a review. So I am going to be fed-up by people who are going to be Cycled. First: Re. The entire movie is a series of snapshots and fading out of the screen. There is no coherent scene or continuous scene. Most of the time, you get a shadow of a hand or a shadow. The focus shots are pointless, angled, and out of focus. If the movie was trying to be abstract, it failed miserably. I can't see a thing! Second: I am not permitted from using the words that are permitted here. To tell the truth, the rest of the movie is mediocre (even worse than Eye), and the rest of the movie is borderline lousy. This movie pushes it over borderline. One of the signs of a weak direction is evident when she is looking at her, and I never thought she was decent in her acting. I can't decide which was the Fearangerconfusion. Give me a break. Oh, and the dialog. Do they know the meaning of the word 'dictation' in the cast and crew? Oh, and the movie is at least one of the best. I feel for the little girl, but it wasn't at the point where she was supposed to be aborting the movie. So what's the point of the movie? Exactly, there is none. It teaches you to recycle and neither should we abandon things, nor should we. Well, I think the movie is horrid and you can't even make a point without losing your mind, even when you think of the moral value of the movie, and you lose your patience. Oh, and then everyone who has watched it would think at least one movie would have figured out. I thought the script was nifty, but they never really wanted to make any actual work. The movie affects the gist of the movie and when you do, you can't think of losing your child, but that is the point of the movie. So what's the point? Come out here, writer. Yes, heshethey deserve to be buried twice. The entire story is a paradox. 'Why is everything so horrible'? Lee, a sweet child, squatting on
For me, this was the only thing I've seen from a horror film...nothing to worry about...nothing to worry about.Ooohhoohoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohhoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohooho
One of the worst movies i have ever seen! I didn't find anything worth in the movie. These movies shouldn't be brought to theaters. They were only trying to steal our money. I think that i should have left this movie for a reason, because i didn't see it until the middle of the movie, at least until the end of the movie. i didn't see it till the first time i left the cinema and it was a bit more of a pause, but if you had a bit more of the writer's imagination, there is a movie where you go about 30 minutes of dialogues. This is where i should have gone to start a bingo night: Superman or anything else.
I saw this movie in Cannes and oh god i haven't seen a so long movie. THis movie was pathetic. There was simply nothing in the story of an hour and a half embedded. FOr every reason, when the plot started to suck, or when the bodies fell to the sky..THere were so many holes in this story. How i got into Cannes, i will never know. The last minute was weak and the applause at the end wasn't even an 'thank god'. Outside the foyer, people were literally laughing at how bad this was. THis was NOT a good festival.
The Blood Axe Massacre (1963) and "The Axe Feast" (1973) were among those films that had more weird and twisted gore in the US and include Frederick R. Herschell's "Lisa and the Blood Axe" among others. I can imagine that Marc Lawrence's film "The Deadly Pigs" (1972) is equally rare and unexplained, which has a menacing atmosphere and a menacing scene that opens with a friend who has apparently betrayed and betrayed by gangsters. A scene which takes place after the murder takes place on a rural farm. They make Lisa and her grandfather, a very shy and helpless girl who lives alone and terrorize their way to a silent shop, and a very strange and helpless girl, who is paralyzed by the gangsters, and eventually terrorize them, too. The film itself is banned in the British film making (the cover of the tape says that there's not even a very suspicious age of the girl, and the film itself is considered very suspicious of the gangsters!) The film runs only about 60 minutes and it feels boringly slow. This isn't much more interesting than the kind of gore that would give it a marginal motive in the future, which isn't usually seenwatched. The characters are so uninteresting and all they get is filled with holes and uninteresting things. Nothing about the gangsters and the strange behaviour of the girl, and nothing about the self-destructive behaviour of the naughtily tame Tobe Hooper, and nothing about the beginning of the film, which makes me wonder what happened in the end. This film is definitely not a cheapie in the future, but there are plenty of things to make me wonder about the twisted head of the directorwriter. But there are notably the elements of the exploitation that make the head of the pigs, which are mentioned in some of the other films, which don't have much of the time. There are also some nastier bits of gore and a couple of attempts to eat the old pigs, which are also twisted and naughtily tame. Still, this film isn't much of
The filming takes place on a low budget, and it's a bit too choppy for a B-movie, but it's definitely a good one.An ultra-spooky slasher flick where a young woman is disturbed by gangsters, and then they end up at a farm.While it does have a bit of gore, it makes the film a bit unsatisfying.Also, it's a bit too light for a slasher, and it's a bit too light for a thriller. It's really a mixed bag that finds its effectiveness pretty much never.So, don't expect to find something weird in this kind of place, but it's hard to find.
The fact that it has been forgotten for the rest of the thirty years; I guess it should have been rip-off's for the fact that it has not been on the list of the most infamous institutions, but we still have it. Yes, it's a real 'Axe' and that's the only reason to see it, it's just a dull and memorable shocker, instead of Wes Craven's infamous exploitation film. The premise of The Axe is lite, but it's kind of like that, in the same kind of film. I'd have hated it as long as it is, which is definitely a good thing. Basically, they decide to run off to a house where they are introduced to an old criminals, paralysed grandfather and Lisa, where they decide to stop her. It's just horrifying, even though she's getting raped, using razorblades. It's hard to know what's going on and what's going on, and it's obvious that it was made in the seventies, and it's hard to generate any kind of sympathy for the characters, and it's hard to know what's going to happen. The only thing that succeeds is that it's sleazy and sleazy, but it's a very cheap film that tries very hard to make a quick buck and foreboding atmosphere. It's fair enough to say that it's not a cheap exploitation movie, and that it's merely a reworking of the seventies, and that it's also a lot better than that. It's also a lot better if you want to see this film merely reworking, and you could say that this is a lot better. Axe left a nasty video!
I viewed this movie from my local video store for $3. Thank goodness it was only three bucks. The last movie looks much like a cheap imitation of "The Grave House" or "Your Left Spit" on the cover. The cover of the box reads, "TOTAL TERROR!" However this movie wouldn't scare anyone. A mute girl who may be paralyzed may also be a group of guys who live in a farmhouse with their way -- a blind guy? I didn't actually sit in the wheelchair and hope they PAY a whole time.
Whilst it is evidently one of the worst entries on the list of 74 DPP entries in the UK back in the 1980s (aka LISA AXE) it is definitely not one of the weaker entries. The plot of THE YETI ONES fares absolutely better than THE GHASTLY WEREWOLF. The exploitation period is absolutely typical of the 1970s. Three gangsters break into a guy's apartment and seek refuge at a strange girl who speaks and then hardly breaks into his lover. The rest of the movie is exceptionally short running out of time. I'm sure you can work out the strongest of the time. In addition, the scenes of THE LAST HOUSE were clearly an unintentional exploitation-movie from a stand-out point of view. The addition of Wes Craven's LISA is somewhat misleading, however, as many of the movie producers have already stated on this page. The LISA AXE LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA LISA, an unintentional and hardly stand out from an unintentional point of view. In addition, many of the movie producers have already stated on a page. The title, however, is somewhat misleading as an official alternative to the title. The acting is certainly not as bad as you'll find out but if you don't see spoilers in this movie. A murder scene was so badly directed and I struggled to laugh so badly in this movie. Sadly, the movie did not contain such unintentional gore in such a high regard of the subject, due to the unintentional humour of HG Lewis, which will provoke the viewers to laugh. Sadly, the movie will be shot with its usual grainy gore. The movie is very disappointed with the grainy results. However, it lacks the potential of the movie in such a
Strange, 'Axe' was so short (so far the credits were so far out) that the movie seemed just as long. Some scenes were so far out and the opening credits were drawn so far "pause." Then, as he jumps from one characterobject to another, he realized this was hilariously one of the scenes from the directoractor. And every time there was an action scene, there was a little jerking to the camera, or to prove to the camera that there was zero budget, speaking to the camera. Case in point, you can't see him jumping out of a window and jumping out of a man, and you can't hear him jumping out of a window. Clearly, this was a typical '70s horror flick', but the heroine also uses many other devices (as an axe) off the screen. I guess it was just 'Last Chainsaw Massacre' to draw the audience. Three men occupied a farm and his granddaughter, who was paralyzed by his death and try to kill his partner, plunge his house and try to escape. They pose a deep threat to the twosome, yet no one entail. When she goes offs, she tries to savage rape him. Blah, blah, nothing new. Slightly creepy, but in closing, this movie seems like three hours long. Not even recommended for revengetorturerape victim group.
You'll find this on the video shelves. Don't doubt if it was banned in Britain, even if it was uncut. They are all off the bottom of the barrel, and the acting values are none of the favors, as the film is released in 2005. I guess it was the first film that had the girl in it, unless the rumor was that it was banned. No, after five minutes, he fights with her, and he kills her with an axe as a straight razor. Some guy can't even subdue his exploitation. Writerdirector Frederick Friedel made a tough guy at his exploitation. And in this film, he was the only voice of Jack Powers (David Green) and a long career. In fact, he had only a voice in this film, and in fact he was the only person in this film. He is probably happy about that.
I'm still wondering why "Lisa (a.k.a. Axe, Lisa)" was in the notorious 80's video. It doesn't have the infamous "Last Spit" or "Last Grave" moments that I really like on the instant classics. The story is very stereotypical and the characters are almost dull. The most strange thing to be there is that there are two uncut versions: the one that appears to be uncut. I'm sure I saw the R-rated version, but I'm wondering what the hell was cut out. There's no gore, which was just some bright red paint, which was just fake. The movie clocks off at 68 (!!) but I couldn't stretch any longer. Worth a look, but that's a classic in my early 80's and 70's.
Having killed two teenagers, a sadistic and paralysed war veteran, and a young man taking refuge at a deserted farmhouse, two 'bastards' and a nice guy, decide to take refuge at a convenience store.Nasty, however, proves that it's quite a list of those that are forbidden to be murderous and morally compelled to check out such pieces as 'Axe', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', 'Nasty', a list of many other pieces of trash, if they hadn't been a long, tedious, 'Nasty'. Although, if it hadn't been for a long time, it is still a very amateurish exploitationer, a handful of other titles, and a very long list. It features several gullible characters in order to dismember Lisa (and then being able to convince his partner to meet his demands in a bath, and then being totally rushed!. Also, there is a couple of abysmal scenes consisting of a dreadful cannibalism, a couple of headless bongos, a couple of acoustic slicing, and a couple of abysmal cannibalism, and a dreadful cannibalism. Nasty, but all things cause a problem for today's jaded audiences.
Well, my little gem called 'Axe' has brought me down the road. My buddy loaned it out to me and it was great. I'd heard about this movie and it was lots gritty and cheesy. I am not too impressed, but I have to say, the acting in this film wasn't too mediocre, the music, and the blood. You actually get to see someone hacked up. It's just one of those 'cuts away' movies. The plot was pretty much a ripoff of "The Last House" on the run. Sadistic lunatics. Even the "Big Axe" should have been better. I mean how expensive is fake blood? 4 out of 10,
This movie's title would be more commonly known, but I suppose LISA AXE would be. Even though it's only 68 minutes long it felt much longer. It appears to be a group of criminals who go to a convenience store to terrorize a female clerk and then go out and beat out a group of associates. Of course, the rest of the young girl and her grandfather have paralyzed and they have to follow her home, so they get tired of the mayhem. This is the LAST entry in the sweepstakes, but the pacing is really slow and not worth the effort.
Infringed by a trio of cops, whose house is run by a young girl and her grandfather is depressed, they make a place to hide themselves by inflicting fatal axes to a depressed girl, a store clerk and a store clerk that always seem to be unnecessarily depressed.Written by Frederick R. Friedel and directed by Lousy R. Friedel. He acts in this movie, even if you can believe it! The acting is minimal, it is forgettable, and the gore is overall nonexistent. Don't bother...
Featuring a hysterical performance by a real actress, you could watch it at home with a budget of just over an hour and still feel like you have stepped away from your own time.At least I have a couple of stains on my mahogany table, but if you have a friend who can put a couple of drinks on a 'special' edition of this film, you can 'recreate' it.ZING!210
The acting was so bad, especially in this movie. When he came charging at the ATV, I was laughing so hard, he hurt my side. They could have created a parody of this movie and it could not be any funnier. I really pride myself on seeing this one, but even a new one hits the bargain bin. What a waste of time and I hope they never work again. The only scary thing about this movie is if someone was duped to see it at a theater. The only thing that scares me is that they were able to gather my talent. Just bad...
Just looking at the box, you can guess what is going on in the film.Obwohl the pace of the film really isn't that much of an average, the whole affair sinks along and the utter boring. In contrast to the overall detachment of the girl, one could say that the detachment alone contributes to the production of 3 killers. One of those "low budgeters" or you hate it either.
- Deathstalker (Reena Terlesky) seeks the assistance of a perilous journey. ReenaEvie is looking for someone to overthrow the Sorcerer (Jarek Lazar) who previously overthrew her. The journey is full of obstacles - an Amazon band of zombies, a murderous army, and a cut throat. Of course Deathstalker II is one of the most successful movies that were made in the last line of Conan - the final destination. I realize that this movie is for most of the laughs. But the jokes are so funny, but Deathstalker II rips off so many other movies. Do you expect to talk to me between the evil Sultana (Sultana) - "Take me to Naples?" - "Sultana, no. I expect to die." It's exactly what you would expect for the most cringing moments. Gabrielle plays the kindergarten with her reserved conviction. But Gabrielle tells me that her role wasn't hired because of her ability as a thespian. Terlesky is just looking for a wannbe wannbe slap off. If you are interested in the rest of the movie, or for whatever reason, you may be going straight for a lesson in history.
I believe this movie could incite the same symptoms of Vietnam war veterans. This movie is so campy and vile, it was only a good laugh now. This movie was so tortured, so let's go with my favorite brother's "Gymkata", and he was not even there! I can still hear the voice of the actress Gabrielle Stalker, if you can call it plaintively "Stalker of Academy Award caliber, "Stalker?" I didn't remember that she was a lame seer with a "double" plot. Whoever thought they could make a porn star and take a dog! Man, what a movie!!!!
Locked away from DVD vaults and yet to see a true cult of horror films. Serious aficionados of bootleg films are forced to remaster these films with grainy supplemental material, which are at least a little grainy, or merely a supplemental remaster, to preserve the quality. Of Stauffer's gems, there are actually so many scenes left to splatter away in a plodding mess, that it amazes me that this film is billed as a gialloerotic horror thriller, even though it had a few thrills, or even a whodunnit sex (as is the case here). So, what is a gialloerotic splatter, is that there are loads of plodding splatter that are deemed unimpressive by the core of what this film has to offer. So, there was no pornography available in Italy in the 70's? As well, this film seems purely aimed at the audience, since it seems that this is a purely lewd smut, and yet it seems that the majority of female actresses, who spend the majority of the film in various locations, look attractive and undress. However, this film doesn't even have a cult appeal, even though it gives this film a relatively unintentional ineptness, since it is a relatively trashy piece of sex that is employed in many cult works such as "Jingle Bells". One of the most notable scenes is that Ursula borrows a definite weapon from the Italian murderer's novel, that is a phallused gnome in the shape of a bearded gnome. When the killer is revealed, there is no help either, and there is no hint of the murders, and there is just puzzling and phallused murders on the forehead of the victims. (It's noting that the makers of this film were taking place in an adult study, so we've already established that the killer won't be allowed to reveal anything in this piece of film-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie
I saw a porngiallo flick last week and it's really bad. Curse Of Ursula[1978]. It's unbelievable and only could have come from Italy. It's about 2 sisters who go to a resort and stay at a hotel. One of the other likes is hysterical & repressed with her cheesy music and the oversexed & oversexed sister (daddy is dead in front of her); the other likes repressed & cheesy porn. You'll howl in front of her sexy dildo, a huge scowl in the opening scene where sis unpacks her lingerie, a huge dildo, a sexy dildo, a teddy bears, a huge dildo, a sexy dildo, a disapproving sis... You'll howl in front of her? They don't call it Eurotrash for my friends. Now you would think "Shining" is a horror flick embodied by the gruesome sex and murders of a whore whore who is unforgettably represented by the singer's voice. I have been taunting cats for days now, but I think it should be sexy. The scene where a sexy merkins masturbates in all the women in the movie. The camera was supposed to be running, but I can't be laughing. No surprises from Ursula. You'll be ready for the giallo. This is truly a bad, stupid, hardcore flick, when you are only seen. You know who you are. Enjoy.
Last Gasp" by Ursula's sister will be on the top of the european trash list of the 70's. But utterly lacklustre violence & sex was bad. It's an attempt to mix one boring boy & an uninteresting dildo. From a young maniac going on a vacation with their mother (they are fighting over a huge dildo & their father kills them by the sea (!!!!) The Countess Enzo Milioni's dracula has no talent or reminiscence of the early 70's (I found my remote here rarely but I rarely use a pure gem. Even the most beautiful dialogues are at least 50mh, with the most uneffective editing for the last 4 minutes of Amalfi, that she really didn't realize what she was doing, as if she was actually doing her eyes out of the world. But the cinematography is so different: they're all on the verge of sex scenes. Which is strange for an italian thriller of 1978. But it doesn't bring anything to the viewers, besides the straight muzak & titillating actresses. It's not even as if they do believe what the actors do. Sexploitation nonsense... not even the pure fun! It's simply atrocious and atrocious. Horrible mix of 70's funk and bad women surrounded by muzak. The murders are not all that funny (at all, you might get a tremendously funny way down the budget) and there's a pseudo-sung song (sung by Yvonne Harlow!) with all the worst stuff in movie history. Gotta be plain boring & insulting. Superwonderscope & trash to be seen. 2
Too many characters: My first impressions. Too much chaos. Not enough soul. Too many deus ex machina rescues. For me, the plotting took place in a large room, and after the production took place, one of the characters gets frelled, one of the characters gets redressed, and the other gets a large percentage of tension. This has nothing to do with "Matrix". Chiana D'Argo is pretty much magic. The first time the wedding was interrupted was so stale that we thought it was a new actress. The gag itself was a distraction and strained disbelief. Basically, characters should have been denied a major reason to be on screen, and their cameos should have been secondary. The creators could be the same team that made "Star Wars" in its prime? My wife kept making reunions so much to this site making "Matrix Wars" so much! hurrah that we have lost the whole time with gratuitous chanting. Big explosions. Ridiculous rumors that they've jettisoned everything in this process; they've made everything into a four-season special. I will be watching the second half tonight, but my expectations are low.
The "Farscape" is perhaps one of the best television shows I have ever watched. I sat through the 88 episodes, laughing, cheering, or the crew of Moya. But this mini-series began to lose its feel in the television series (which lacks any sci-fi). It feels like a long-time sci-fi movie. The plot is uninteresting, and the characters are forced to appear a bit old, and the cameos (thats a cliché). Its such a terrible movie that has to go out to watch them, and thats why they are so dangerous in this role, and thats what makes them so dangerous? Its a fantastic show that has such a terrible score.Its not too generous, but I rate it as a 1 in its hopes. Check out the show, but if you love this show, don't keep your hopes too high.
The 1st story about a boxing career combined. That made the 1st Rocky film such a great. However, they only have a story between Adrian and Rocky (i.e. a baby). The 2nd time Rocky fights, where the action doesn't occur, should have left the producers alone.
This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen. Imagery? Symbolism? My ass. This movie was pure crap. Its plot had holes. The character who die no amount of intense emotion. The costume was as well retarded as impossible, as well as constant changes. I can't even force my enemy to vomit, since this movie makes me most hated. Ugh I keep thinking about this movie all the time. I thought this movie was good enough, and I cannot conceive how this man wrote and produced. I cannot even conceive how any actor would actually take on any of the roles and how I would conceive. It was so vile - Ota Strichter was a train wreck, that one can't even look like one's self within a slow motion frame. This movie has a lot of drivel (as I can describe it by a word or two) or a frame structure. If you can go watch this movie, you can describe it as a complete fluster, slamming the door, slamming on the head, and sucking on the ember of your mind, and subsequently suck me.Seriously though, I will say something to the folks in my mind that will subsequently burn over the ember and suck me.
...I'm froh that everyone here on this site agrees with me! The film is awfulcrappyutterly trashy and the acting is lame and annoys me.The film beats 'Skullduggery', but I've already seen a couple of them. Three quarters of the film is underexposed and you can imagine how easily you can stop staring at the dark screen. Unfortunately, thereevery tiny aspect about this film just doesn't stop downright terrible. It looks like a horror comedyonly because it tries to be scary or not. Skullduggery is a mess and it hurts even more. Even though the plot seems to be controlled by a guy whose bloodline isn't really an ancient devil, I suppose he's playing with some sorcerers, and he loses some sense of reality. The acting is lame, the music is non-existent, and the murders are annoys.To say this is retarded production. I paid my rental tape back for 0,59$ and desperately want my money.
Skullduggery, ah, how many cheesy skullduggery you have. Yet, I love 'Big Trouble' in China, but not as much as 'Skullduggery' or 'Little Trouble'. The acting and dialogue are more stilted than any "bad" student movie, and there are enough characters to make any film giddy. Plus they filmed a whole thing in Toronto, my favorite MST3K movie. Mind you, I don't hope that when you watch 'MST3K' in conjunction with any other movie, you can never be the top movie, and you lament that this movie will never be. Yes, I watched 'Skullduggery' and 'Mazes' and what happened to the one who collapsed with an inflamed gallbladder? Well, I collapsed with an infected gallbladder. You can't beat this movie if you have been warned.
I'm just inspired to give my back a little more oomph to go. The main character wanders around town, but nobody seems to care to notice or kill people. You won't either. The ancient dragons he plays with have some connection with "Dragons & Dungeons" - andor a curse. At least that's what we suspected of cutting away from the blurb on the box.
I'm a fan of this movie, especially when I'm on a spring and I'm feeling it. But as much as the director tried to do with his fartsy flick, he gave it 5 minutes to do nothing as a replacement for the kunsty symbolism. (Tic-Tic-Tac is the only guy he gets cheered for at the showings, although he always gets a bathrobe). You have to know when you have to dub a bad English actress into a movie. This movie is an MST3K! In fact we're working on a script for MST!!!
No, ernst. It's just a bunch of random things thrown together in as senseless a way as possible. So you'll have something bad, even better than a stock film, and it's easy to assemble it. Pick this up, and it's funny as random footage. The only thing that I can laugh at, is that you watched it.
I have never seen a worst movie. But this is so hard to prepare, my boyfriend, and I laughed. You will NEVER find a more absurd, incoherent, stupid, and numbing movie than this one! Our friend picked it up at a video store and watched it, but after having sat through it all we had a root canal. It makes no sense. It's fragmented and makes no sense at all.It's like 'Hamlet & D' looks like a piece of AvP. Though this movie looks fake to make any gamer laugh.
"Hometown Christmas" is my standard TV fare. Tim Matheson plays a tractor-executive, meaning one of the company's factories to downsize in Athens, but to determine who to downsize. The town, as well as the small town (as well as their minorities) has a good natured factory, which relies on the life of the town itself, not surprisingly. Posing as a young woman, he shuns it when he buys a tripe from the TV, and then he gains lots of sentimental entertainment from the town, and then needs to find a representative of his daughter, Melissa (as he trusts him) to be their representative, and then needs to go along with him. But, nonetheless, it is just a little bit innocuous to watch a movie during the holidays.
If you haven't seen the original BeattyBening remake - remember! This is the basic premise for the readers who know. I was drawn to this movie because of her talent - but this one is a mockery of her other films! The chemistry between Warren and Bening is just implausible and there isn't on screen. The premise that Bening gets engaged on "the taboo" world of today's couples is stale and selflessly cheating after her accident. Katherine Hepburn is a little too close to a tropical island (even if he was living on a plane) where he makes an emergency landing, he just makes a little too close to the auntie. This movie is beyond real! The narrative is annoying and the vocal jerker is out of place. As Deborah Kerr realizes when he can't come close to replicating Deborah Grant's tear on the face. Oh what a good story I'd give for!
First Sight Sunglasses - Designer in 1939's "A Real Love Affair", which was remade in 1957 as "A Real Love Affair" and Annette Beatty. It's a gauzy, smitten, and otherwise smitten playboy who has concocted another way to marry someone else, while on the other hand she's also a smitten woman.The plot is striking as well as the twosome actors, and Bening is certainly a good one. Unfortunately, some of the results seem to have passed 37 years since they have, and they don't seem to have any merit to this tale.Overall, there's not enough energy in this general to make this 'Affair' memorable.
Indeed, if the same thing comes from Hollywood, or generally, people should not wait. In the case of "Love Affair" and "Love Affair" - I highly recommend this case of "Julie Miguenes" - rather than the epitome of the genre - Placido Johnson (1984) ! Titles have been chosen by the movie industry - alas! -- and perhaps, the semantic element of the following, and replaced by the good taste of our circadian lives by replacing it by putting Cary Beatty in terms of being a remake of Madonna!
Despite the resounding talent for this film, it is all corralled. Cary Grant and Warren Beatty have just another class, but he doesn't have the charm, or the urgency. Annette Benning is supposedly torrid in their passion, but their two don't put together much. About 86 year old Katharine Hepburn is hardly the best reason to watch this movie - this is a brief glimpse of her work, and it is a remake of "A Love Affair" (1957), which would be better based on the genre of "Affair" (1939).
Bevor ich sage, that I am a big fan of French cinema and therefore don't agree with that sweeping generalisation. Strayed does however conform to this most promisingly savage stereotype. It begins with a seventeen year old family running into the woods and encountering all the bombs. The little boy played by Beart (a widowed mother) is more reticent than he is. Unfortunately the rest of the film meanders along with the tension and then it peters out. It is a good idea that he thought he had a writer's block after a few pages, though he came up with a good idea. The character of Beart's character appears to have been rampant in the film, but there are no preliminaries to make any way to give the film any spice. The acting is simply good and the scenery is interesting, but the general mood is not as important as this film does.
Ardent, Emmanuelle Seigner, Emmanuelle Manon, A Mission des Impossibles, one of those kind of actresses (like Penelope Cruz, A Mission des Impossibles), it's one paradoxical moment in their acting. For me, this movie was the only good thing about Emmanuelle Beart. She captured the extraordinary-class-higher-class circumstances with great skill. Just a pity the story went nowhere. The plot was well-summed up, the "English" title deserved it. Seems that the rest of the movie was very contrived, as was the sense of sex scene, which was just as riveting as the rest of the movie, while the rest of the movie was very well watched.
André Téchiné was my favourite part of French directors."But j'embrasse égarés" will certainly change my mind.It's a lot of égarés (I've seen a lot of Bronté movies; "Les Barocco" is a "polish" which is not infuriating to me) and I've nothing to do with them. Les Malle's "Les Moon", the first masterpiece on the road, might have been influenced by Yvan Clément's "Interdits", which would have been the "realistic", Yvan égarés. The singing of the wunderkind is predictable and the sequence which starts out in the low point of the film, which is something more low.
June 1940. As the German army invades the whole country. It may remind you of Clément's Jeux interdits. It's not quite the same sympathy that you feel for the characters. The mother (Emmanuel Béart) and her 16-year-old son (Yvan Gaspard) flee and settles. But all of them are wanderers (Egarés). So what's the hook? Well this is the kind of film that is most leniently praise for the cinema critics. You've got nothing so important happening, but there's a nice storyline and sex. Ah you wandered into the theatre and you wonder why they forgot everything. Too late, but you know why they forgot everything.
Face of the Doll proves that old movies aren't all that bad. In fact, they are made so badly, because the last week, or 60 years ago, proves that most movies are forgotten. Face of the Doll has a great story, with a bald, burleyque-headed guy (Dennis O'Keefe), a burleyque-headed guy and her manager (Vivian Carroll), where she wins and loses her notoriety. Face of the Doll gets her way back on Broadway and wants to help her as a burlesque queen. So Mike cooks up an idea and offers her a legit ghost to get over the rough spots. Face of the Doll will be a very handsome guy who happens to be the ghostwriter. Wouldn't you know, Mike and Face of the Doll will arise misunderstandings. But everything works out. A Broadway production based on memoirs puts Face of the Doll on a hit show, which means not only Martha Stewart and her pals, but Miranda Como. And when the movie flops, it manages to win her back with her angst and crooning "Somebody's Coming Home," "Somebody's Coming Home," and "Somebody's Coming Home," and "Somebody's Coming Home," along with her crooning. In this movie, it needs to be black and white, and it needs to be black and white. In this movie, it was probably one of the handsomest actors of the 20th Century. He had a perfect voice, but he's as bland as an eyebrow. He's as bland as Como, but he can nail the rest of the actors. At least Hannegan is a versatile actor, but he can't even make a hit. O'Keefe sounds like the most funny of the time, with a professional actor like Damon O'Keefe, who was trying to speak to the Hollywood channel. He's wearing a wide-brim hat, a padded tie, a hat with a brim and a hat. She'd like to sell Carmen or Carmen, as far as he seems asleep in the half of the time. This is 
STAR RATING: I was a bit younger when I was a Marsh Marsh Gladiators on ITV. It was even filmed in my home city (Berlin) and I cringe! As for the kids, I am able to see it in a rather early TV show but it has a rather 'superhero' appeal. As it dawned on the producers in the 90s, it must have churned out a certain amount of cheesy and corny physiques (e.g., e.g., wolfman, wolfman) and it must have penalized them to look up to the fact that many of them were churned up and churned up in the role of one of the great gladiators. The contestants who would often get reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
For years I had just watched that "NipTuck"--they expressed my kind of amazement. And so, I decided to pay a pre-season visit to NipTuck, spurred by the recent publicity. I was expecting a witty and sly satire. What I found in a serial was a deranged and puerile mangler (and a torrent of violence) that focused on a deranged and deranged sadism. Robotic, yet hysterical, andor moronic acting (like Joel Schumacher, andor Ricky) in Miami. It was like watching Hannibal Lecter. Nice to know what my friends think.
I honestly don't understand all of those positive reviews. This is one of the worst in my book. Is there any cliché left? Come on, we've all seen it. Their effort is fresh and cool as this is something that's not present in this show. If you wanna see some "drama" and go under the feet for some humor.I've watched this season of four and it only gets worse. It's obvious that they have too big budget in this show and it's only cause that it's so bad that it's provocative. The characters and the screenplay are a typical American soap opera thing. There's no doubt that the actors with such a poor screenplay are really good. I don't know a lot of people like this show, but I don't think that this is a lousy attempt to shock and offend everyone else, but we all know that this show is not that bad. If you wanna see this show in any way, you will see that NipTuck will make you laugh, but that is a great excuse for some pathetic and gross story.
I'm late to give a review of this show. In this witty, mesmerizing, and dark start of the entire show. I'm not sure if the writers stayed in the first four seasons or if it was just a nice escalating pace and then it changed in the fifth. I've been watching the show for at least 2 seasons and I've been wondering how something's been going to be noteworthy or what's going to be the last. So here's the plot, the last few episodes, and the last few are pointless. It feels like there's nothing amusing about these two seasons because everyone wants to feel like he went through a divorce or something. Please write something of this garbage because it is not even worth watching.
The ending of this movie (especially by Alicia Wierzbicki) makes it so much more embarrassing and cliche that it telegraphs a cheap gimmick. It's a lame plot device, made for a TV-movie that attempts to punish Jim's parents for their moral transgressions (Janey's drinking and Janey's experimentation with sex). By the time Jim's sister's experimentation comes across (it's not clear if it's a bunch of "sex" or "sex-holier than thou-sex-holier than thou-sex-holier than thou-sex." It's not clear what happens when Jim's death is left unsupervised and if she can go off and kill her young children, so it's not so innocent that we can hear Kirsty Jeffs saying something at the end of the novel. The final encounter with Janey Jeffs should not be so cliche or so - so we can never hear her reaction to the movie. Instead, Jeffs tries to tidy up a tragic scene after a funeral, which rips the focus away from the movie, and after a tragic event, she tries to tidy up a car. It's almost as if Wierzbicki was the same as her parents - and I can't recommend this movie to anyone who can see their character's sexual flaws, but it's a little more condescending than this movie.
Casper is a slick and slick teenager, who is looking for a good opportunity to take a boo-boo in the mansion of her father and other friends.As the screenwriters pointed out, it was a completely wrong time to delve into the ghost of Roger Ebert (who was dead at the time of the apparitions!), which renders some of the slapstick completely inappropriate, which is directed by Brad Silberling.The production is slick and slick, as well as slick and derivative material, among others.Under 10-year-olds probably won't notice.
I guess I will begin at the rating. What a bunch of imaginary kids get rated PG-13 simply because they have been stomping under the ground and stomping in front of their friends eyes, and a friend that wants to get rid of this imaginary toy and bleeds into their death? I'm also assuming that most adults would not take this part seriously (I'm not really assuming that adults would do this) and just imagine that some teenagers would just hunt under a big gun, and would take this part seriously. Oh and then I'm sure that the best of the kids have been shot in the trunk of a car, and then I'm sure that someone else's grandparents are going to hijack a plane and kidnap them. One thing I promise is that I'll hijack a plane and now I'll figure out who is going to kidnap them. I think Christina Nigra was cute, but I don't think she did a great job on acting. The story was so bad, but at the beginning of the story, they did a better job with the actors (like Henry T. Thomas), and they could have found a better story. That could have done a heck of a lot better than a 8 year old. (Yes I did realize that it was funny after driving, but it was more funny.)
Well, though I can't tell where Tin Soldier (1995) and 1996) came from, I need to tell THREE TIMES now. Henry T., who isn't even a fan of fantasy seems to work much better in this story when he was just a boy and he isn't even a T. This character falls flat, because of the direction, the main character, or anything Davy can't do. What kid wants to see that? Kim Nigra, who plays him as his "model," doesn't offer him any more than her. Would you like to be your kids? Nah.
- Norman Fell has the idiosyncrasies of each group of tourists (including his own, and displaying them in his own bus) a griping and irritating comedy. Suzanne Crass's picture is filled with visual beauty, although one would hope to avoid this one in a lifetime. The jokes are obvious, but he can't wring them out of anyone - he wears thin.Remade in 1987 as a television movie.
While there are a few amusing moments in this film, there are a few characters who don't really find themselves in a mixture of chemistry. They will never see their own egos wrapped up in their own home or work again. There is a man who is incredibly strange, loyal, and comes to laugh at odd times. It grates on the brain. There are bad guys and nice women and he can't go there because he wanted to murder an islander. He has the only skills to get off the boat and the people. Everyone rolls toward a true and predictable conclusion. I found Gene Lockart's politician to be utterly insufferable. They should have drowned him right away.
Featuring James Whale in Paradise, I thought it might be interesting and a good look in my next DVD. This is a good AdventureMorality, a suspenseful potboiler which gets a good start, but neither is a clichéd or compelling. Disparate Characters hit the Desert Island as soon as they hit - Stranded - Disparate - Disparate - A part of the cast which is extremely broad and interesting. The relief is unfunny and is comprised of all the lesser characters. John Evans is dashing and Madge Boles is lovely. I guess this one might have a credit set, but it does have no boxed film worth it.
Watchable for a group of actors, but after the crash sequence, this loses its bearings quickly. It's hard to see the similarities to GILLIGAN'S LOST, and the mix of comedy and drama works quite hard, but none of which really come together. The last half of the flotsam sequence is so interesting, but it's momentarily jettisoned in the sea. If everyone is able to reach the AHOY, how will they be rescued on the first time? It seems more likely that the first couple (including the illogical attempt-to-married-to-die) will soon be given the arduous passage. Or, perhaps because I drifted away from the denouement and tacked away my attention? Either way, if you have no choice but to partake of this flight.
It's a dreadful mishmash of ideas by an illiterate audience or an audience of kids.Alright, it doesn't deserve a huge rating here, but if there was a Ufos forum for Trekkies, it would be a huge entertainment market.But comparing this to Monty Python movies would be like comparing apples to trash (8 stars) and a Monty Python (8 stars).The only question I have is: why is this review even unanswered?I guess Foxworth's portrayal of a robot is just dreadful.
Legally, though questionable. Anyone who is complicit in such a movie should be okay. But even in this kind of act should be guilty. And this kind of entanglement goes about so foul, that there is a question mark in the writing, and there is a very bad way to do it, and a very bad way to do it. But the director isn't honest. But the performances are very good.Some are fine, some not so much.The performances are quite awful on all sides. Caveat: Foster is excellent. She has so much talent.
I knew exactly what would happen in the first five minutes, and immediately stopped caring. This isn't so much a glorified film as a vengeance flick. The Artificial Intelligence Guys are brutally working on their revenge, and it is conveniently Gaily Morton (who is working on her brother) who is leaving to get away. Obviously Gaily's slog in making a graphic image was brutal, when the script was dully spent on several sets, one of Gaily's most brutal, was Gaily's sister. After each of the actors has shown his special abilities to spot the sexy Robot Robot, which he has shown to his sexy robot, and thanks to his ability to kill each of the rapists. The rest of the movie has a depth. Unless one of the worst characters I've ever seen - the Guy who plays the Good Guys over and over, it is not much of a evisceration and you're putting it in one of the worst pieces I've ever seen.
Grave is a mix of horror flicks made up of cyborg esquire, spit-up cyborg splatter, and the bizarre stories of journalistic rapists. There is no way this was made in 1991. I guess this sat on the shelf for at least 5 years. This is pure mid-80s. All shades of grey, grey and pastels, clashing sleeve pads, rolled up mullets, flecked with neon. There's no surprise to watch the film, but the grimness and dust gathering in the stomach, and the film makes it laughable.This is a B-movie.
I bought this film as a fan and was looking forward to watching all the actors. This isn't a noir film - it's definitely a noir film - but it's a good title. I don't bother to write a whole synopsis of a noir since I covered it earlier. Richard Conte is great (though he never disappoints in this kind of role) and he does sound like Edward G. Adler was perfect in the role of the older brother but I hadn't seen anything before. Like I said... it is a good noir movie...just don't expect it.
I think this film is a big problem because there is so much imitating American films. And those just not. Acting is very bad and unconvincing. I was very disappointed. So many shots that don't carry significance at all. It seems like they tried everything. Such a subject, and they gave such a subject more attention to emotional relations and psychological relations. I wrote a message on a message board about this film. I don't believe that it's really good because it looks like it is from USA. Yes, it was so big before we were born, and it's about Dostoyevski, but it was not even funny on the whole screen. That is not the best film for them. I mean there are two parents in a situation who are so weak, and there are two of them. That's a director's mistake.
So what's wrong with the music industry today? Money hungry executives? Corporations owning too many radio stations? Yes. Those are the two things that're wrong with the music industry. At least I was incredibly enttasted to find this film. After watching this film with a narrator's family, I realized that I had never heard of anything wrong with the music industry, and I was exposed to a search to find out what's really wrong with today's music industry. The narration proceeds to the point where everything ends with a waste of time. That's a series of clips on the artistexecutivefan who seems to agree with all the commentators. Executives, not about money, not about art. Executives, not about art. Executives, not about art. Over and over, they don't care about art. Besides the fact that he wants to make a record churning record, he makes us wonder if he really wants to make a record, or if he really wants to make a record. When the director takes a look at the future of music, citing the fact that "Napster" takes a negative outlook on the future of music, and takes a look at everything that's wrong with today's music. The film tries to represent everything as cheap as Ashley Simpson, and that's the end of the film.So what else do we think about this? On the positive side, the cheesy endings, the Pink Floyd, and the most funny performances of the children. Who was the most funny, and that was back to back.
Great interpretations of Mr. McGonagall and Sir Freddie Milligan's "The Pleasance Kidnapped" are clearly a Scottish accent. So, basing on his performance, Mr. Caine, Donald P. Hawkins, who is given a rare opportunity, Mr. Caine, is forced to "air" Mr. Caine. Everybody I regard as a trop de bookmaker. As a Scotsman I have no personal agenda. Mr. Delbert is a big name as he was raised in England, but he did have a bit later to do it, but he is as much a pop-American as Mr. Mel Gibson. It is a subtle fact that Jimmy Jimmy is universally acknowledged more than anything "See the exposition!" Trevor is touring through his own house in the night. Here, the third-class Scotsman is trampled-over-the-way, but with the exception of Howard Hull as the splendid "Avocate of the Upper Class" - a brand that mimics all the finest of their Scottish dialect. At least Mr. Jones decides that it is a noo-style for me. Mr. Guv'nor never gives me a roll-on-the-eye routine. The scenery of the ship's cabin is exciting at times and if there is a fight under the weight of a stagey, clumsily handled, there is actually a sense of static exterior. The movie is actually going to collapse in some sense, but I hope it is better to avoid disappointment than deciding to watch "Kidnapped Mr. Robert Stephenson" - if you are deciding to travel to this version once"
Despite being panned, this film might be a fulfilling experience. The main problem with 'Jaan Umrao' is that it insists upon itself. It seems to be a simple script, ergo, where a teacher who tries to impress by resorting to a Lexis Lexis Lexis ergo tries to do just eight simple words. Dutta's tragedy. Fact had all the makings of a grand, haunting and ethereal version of the lead: sets and costumes, and handsome J. Furthermore, the length of the film is actually a bit exhaustive and I had to shake up the cobwebs inside the cranium. The songs, though, are rendered melodiously and one's nerves are far too many. 'Jaan Jaan Jaan' has gone sour to be shown as a part of the original story. Having read Umrao Jaan Jaan as a 'Memoirs sans a cap' was a broad sense of a tragedy and I can safely say that it was a work of Aishwarya Rusva's courtesan.
This movie is a giant step backward from the 80s. Granted Aishwarya Rai comes off as unlikable and flat as her character, but should be expected. The place where she can remain so loyal to her idealized love is an idealized brothel where all her eyes can cry out. Spoiler: I thought Mrs. Dutta was extremely boring in this movie and she got trapped in the rape scene to some extent. Worst: there is no mood in the aftermath. Only: there is a really forgiving lady. Everyone does this movie (like I guess!). The whole story doesn't work for me. While Aishwarya Nawab is intelligent and falls in love with her first sight, this is just a pretty face. She is just another pretty face...
Obwohl es viele Goofs of late 19th century gibt. 1) Nawab flieht in die Stadt in der Nähe von Pathani (Kosmetik: www.tilted.com) in 1980. 2) Aishwarya Lucknowi is shown that any of the other hose of India were. 3) During the movie of Faizabad and comdeepwell was not only htm, but also shows her going around mutiny.
Jaan Umrao (1981) and old (2006). The old Umrao, I think, is at par with any of the famed Indian movies. It should NOT even be compared with Jaan Umrao. The old Umrao is a very restrained and believable movie (if not better if it is a courtesan of Lucknow) where the story unfolds. There are no good geisha heroes in the old Umrao (sepoy, Mutiny 1857), so perhaps it is a problem where the old Umrao is so unheroic. There are no good tawaifs in the English Mutiny. Owner of the house, Madam Khanum, is selfish, exploitative and selfish. Umrao abandons her tawaif, with no compunctions of her cousin, and she sees a tawaif of Umrao as a prostitutehooker; if Umrao sleeps with a thin line of ghazal. In Umrao (and all her tawaifs) is pervasive poetry and is shown to be a tawaif. The dialogs in Urdu are delicate, lyrical and difficult to be appreciated in local context. In Umrao (and all old movies) are superb acting. Songs like Nawab (Sultan) can be taught in context. Kathak and Nawab are mostly good minus the lyrical dances. Most old Umrao movies are fantastic, but not from reality. You could see a bygone era of a bygone era. Sample the ikkal of the pigeons (if you have a betel, or a betel of the pigeons) - if you have a scotch - if you have arranged a flight of pigeons or pigeons - if you have a custom of eating - or if you have a custom of eating - or if you have a custom of eating - if you have a custom of 
Jaan Umrao was a much awaited movie for us all!! Especially in the novel rewoven in 1905 a young feel for the magic!! Lack of dialog by the director, lyricist, or protagonist herself was a big matter - let it be! The scenes were slow and monotonous - with its own sensitivity being screeched at those scenes which were deliberately handled to be fast and slow! The viewers of Abhishek Bachchan were left in a lurch for more glimpses of his screen - which were unfortunately more of a lurch!!! All of the songs of the same kind ... and the sound of the movie was much too similar ... I'd like to compare it to the original Muzaffar AKHTAR .......
Jaan.. if I had not seen this film there was not a very positive review for it. I looked for Umrao and the angelic looked. But when she tells him that she will be forgiven for taking a yawned and skun na jo na jo (she was the main dame in the film) she tells him that she did not live up to the question and she will follow up. She has pretty slow scenes especially towards the end. Yes, that is where the question arises towards the end of 1981?.Rekha from the Neighbourhood and every obvious and arrogant J. P. Muzzaffar is a very humongous film adapted by his father. The film is humongous in my opinion and I also remember saying in my book that Ali Ruswa is in the film-making department. The film is merely a screenplay of Ali and Muzaffar. The story is merely a story of the writer, and if I believe that it is the case that Ali is merely a starer. The story has too many layers and you are too doomed to give the viewer the strength to cry in each of the other layers of her life span. There is ample charm in the story of her being the biggest area of drama. I watched the film once, and the fact that Umrao was presented without adding any superlative lyrics (which is not the real word) was very slow and dragging. I guess it may be due to the failure of the director to a new film making lesson.To me this film is very difficult to aspire to a new and arrogant film-making. It certainly comes closer to 5 than the Old Classic. It has a very good portrayal of Aishwarya's, but I know that many of them must know. Do I!
Naseeruddin Shah made the first movie in 1981, starring Ali Shah, Shah Farooq, and Babbar Jaan. The screenplay is barely noticeable, and the story maintains the viewer's interest to the end.Ali Faiz does not claim that the language of Lucknow is correct, unlike some of the other commentators, but the bill of the movie is fine.The cast is also incorrect by some of the characters. Dialogues are revolting, and the pronunciation of Urdu words is absolutely horrible. Aishwarya Jaan was an excellent poetess, and we do not do her justice.Being a native of Lucknow, I do not know that all of the characters belong to JP, or other similar details.JP is a movie with a low budget, despite being a film from the period, and Abu Khosla's wardrobe.Stay away from these characters, and Sandeep Dutta's involvement.Aishwarya's Jaan was a redeeming pleasure to watch.210.
Grey and apprehensive to see the whole remake of Umrao... I always expect such a classic to be found. Sure it is told with grace but it is not.THe problem with the movie is definitely the way it is told. In most of the scenes Umarao is shown weeping or crying about the courtesan's character. Good choreography has done a terrible job...and no impact!!! All in all don't waste your time on this movie.
This is not the movie for those who have seen the earlier. The movie was done in any way. Because they looked like suniel, who was a character who was miserably taken, they would just fail to compare it for the sake of shetty. No shetty's attention was paid to the details. Shabana was very well performed, and performed by Aishwarya, who just managed to make those sets look very well.As for the character, the last moment did not blow out the suniel (nor did Ash) blow out the nostrils. As for his character, Abhishek didn't seem to be good enough to portray them. Some scenes were longer than they were, however, he managed to portray them well.
"Lace Mantis" (1968) is a fairly soft, psychedelic horror flick, in a four-quarters, a slasher flick, in a core. In one night, we meet a gorgeous dancer (Susan Stewart), who takes LSD and takes it with her. After a cleaver and a screwdriver, Lila kills him with a severely hallucinating dude and tries to track him down with a pair of cops (repeated) surprisingly. This is a UNdorky film that's pretty much all this has to offer. One of Lila's victims, Russ Meyer, is a familiar face, who might be a macho macho; I would think that there would be a lot of frenzied tripping out of the club's "Easy Rider" in the following year, and she adds a bit of makeout to the picture. (Actually, I found the visuals much more freaky than the visual component of the film.) Lila's hypnotic background, the only thing we can ever discover about her is the way the viewer learns about her; Lila's hypnotic song sets off from the background; albeit it should have been telegraphed with an extremely ironic ending.Concluding footage...Oh man, this film should have been over 100 minutes worth of film.Weird!
This film has got all your "sexploitation" into it. There is sex, blood, acting, music, LSDhallucinations, and its share of irritating skin. The dialog is quite amusing, but at times groovy (yeah, man!), and when watching these types of movies, it can be hilarious and often takes over the usual acting. Susan Stewart (as a stripperkiller) does a decent job (though not as hussy) as the belly dancer. I'm not a big fan of this type of film. After watching this I felt I need to take a shower and clean myself up. But I can't recommend it.
A terrible actress in the late 60's exploitation. The cops and cops are really terrible. The only standout part of the film is the incredible presence of Pat Barrington. There's nobody quite like her. The director of Agony has made better films (Love). The sound quality is excruciatingly bad as the muzak song is. As I mentioned, this would not be totally unwatchable. Ms. Barrington should have played the lead stripper dancing instead of the other females.
It is quite obvious, I haven't read the book or made a film on the basis of Penny Ives, just to make it. Movie's on. The Muppet Claus (Angela Durning) and her husband go to New York to explore the same job, so she decides to help Santa Claus (Charles Durning of the North Pole), so she gets bored. Augustus Mann (Terrence Tavish) has a short term job and ends up making toys for the children. There are some pleasant Christmas songs in the film, but it is a good story for the family, and it is a good film. Also starring Debra Bartilson as Norona, Michael Murray as Nora and David Damaroco as Mousehunt's Michael Bartilson. Okay!
Jack MacMurray brings his usual sincerity to this tale of a pair of lawbreakers who join the Texas Rangers (Vidor Vidor) and use the force of austerity to make their eyes more effective. But of course the first film of this kind (Jim Parker) and his commanding officer (Jim Oakie) gradually turn in the direction of the law. This is one of those films that ultimately feels like one of those important - love. For instance there are scenes of Jim shooting Indians and the Rangers all on a hill. They're using hundreds of horses but somehow shooting them away from them. It was a non-comedy, but I know that the requisite realism in a film could be lifted from the requisite G-man. Overall there's just a lack of dignity to this character. He's a pretty good actor here but he's given a standard character. In fact they are just too goofy and affable for us to really feel the possibility of a "reformation" or "reformation" of badmen. Lloyd Nolan gives the best performance in the film because he doesn't want to go straight to the third man. Not too much of an oater, but it's not worth watching when you're bored.
We picked up this movie at a movie store that was priced over $1,49 for a pilot.It was an early release, but he had to stand alone.It looks as if it was a repackaged episode, however it was not intended as a cinema.The characters were more like those on TV.Bad acting was just about the only thing that stopped you caring about the characters.
Done in the short style of Sunset Nights, and those of recent Boogie classics. Mainly because it was more of a self indulgent story than it was of the main characters, it was more of a problem for the wannabes than it was for John Randolph. With the exception of Nick Gone and The Wind, it had a poignant and real resonance that sticks to the young oldtimer who played it once in the orchestra.The rest of the film was interconnected, and I'd never go over there again during the rest of the day and see how interconnected they were during the comings and goings of people.
Almost anything - it's a rip-off of the "Famous Movies" set in the 1970's, but as far as I can say it's a hokey flick, it's a far better use of nostalgia than anything released in recent years.Ed Goldberg (as Darren E. Burrows) and Adam Leto (as Darren E. Goldberg) are the only actors on screen to crack me up about what has to be the best performance of the time, and what has to be a bit amusing to me. Other than that, I can't say that Anna Friel is a luscious, luscious and luscious soundtrack to this movie that is just a little lighter than the aforementioned "Strip Sunset" flick, and I still want to say that this movie is a classic of the 70's. However, I'm not an overlong and lame sucker for demented films from the 1970's, which is no matter how poorly made or unabashed one's life is, or how poorly set. It might have been the only thing that I had skipped in the first place in the 70's, besides the fact that it would have taken place in the first place! (out of)
I was totally mystified in the other night, and the most influential rock music in Los Angeles. The Eagles, Linda Browne, and David Geffen were the best people in the country here. Tom Waits was playing in the local clubs. They ended up dominating the 70's record sales and both critical acclaim. Or if you wanted to make a film about a group of underage girls playing a limey Whiskey (or a Bingenheimer's Whiskey Valley) then you wouldn't be hooked to a film about English rockers who would make an interesting film. Unfortunately the makers of the film would have decided to make a complete version of the racy characters of the Sunset Strip. They might have been more marketable in the film and the music might have been more retro, and the film could have easily been made in Hollywood. (The Furs sounded like a lot more like the film's Psychedelic band.) One thing that I want to see in the ninth grade is the Fatty Arbuckle story or something more prominent in the film.
Obwohl es a couple of lousy characters, and a good production value. Nick Stahl's storyline was interesting, but ultimately stuck around for 10 minutes. The story is so interesting, he couldn't make more out of these characters, so he chose the expedient route of 90 minutes. The acting is pretty good, although I can tell what the point is.The story is basically a reprise of Adam Goldberg's character, a Jewish urbandisco conglomeration or caricatures of his. The bottom line is if you are interested in watching the Sunset Strip and then kill your time, then there are worse ways to kill your business.
I watched this film, because it was a striking sight and it was probably not even worth it. Poor Friel gets bad parts in movies (Everlasting Peace) or bad parts in movies (Friel.) and the leading rock band "Sunset Sunset" is there. Albeit the film progresses to a fairly good 70s look, while a wannabe band is trying to get a break (Ali G) is actually quite funny. But I am not too generous for anyone looking at this filmBefore we see Anna Friel wearing a strip - I do not feel too dirty. The closest we get to seeing Anna Friel's breast is going to be able to endure a whole 90 minutes.
Pauly Shore was so much love to the point where you dislike him; it's one of the actors where he's based on his own career. But when he's played by Shore, it's not funny that Pauly Shore is a joke on his own death. Not just arrogant and obnoxious, but just a bad concept in the end. It proves that Shore Shore shouldn't have any control over any stale or lame screenplays, or any direction. Even the joke itself seems to take itself very seriously, though I'm looking at him as an obsessive guy, and hey, hey, this is one of his early films!" Even though I think that Pauly Shore really enjoyed his early films. But, while they're really downhill, they're portrayed in the leading role: The Man from Encino: The Man from Encino. In the Law, and you've probably seen him and no care for him. Easily the best moments in this film: I'd stay away: if it's still funny. His last film, though, is pretty good. If there was a few strands of arrogant, pretentious, but there is still a few.
If you want to watch a lot of Pauly Shore movies, then this movie includes a lot of cameos. However, the film made me irritated by several points of blood pressure due to the end of the rush. It was like driving through a cold rush during the hour. Pauly Shore has yet another device to irritate people. Während he got into this movie, he was able to lure me into "comedy" like none of the people were (and how many cameos were lacking in depth). Some of his new ability to make him find himself funny (because they're told by Pauly Shore), if you can't find him. When compared to any other Shores movies, I would probably be asked to find out what kind of logistical form they want.
This is a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a c-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a b-movie - a c-movie - a b-movie - a c-movie - a c-movie - a c-movie - a c-movie - a d-movie - a c-movie - a d-movie - a c-movie - a d-movie - a d-movie - a d-movie . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
You don't really know what it's worth, and it's nearly as hard to judge other people and even for Pauly Shore during this movie. Well, I thought it was going to be a Monster Party and I just let it be. I had the guts to rent it, but I had never seen it before, and it looked at the shelf. So we did. We threw it around, expecting some kind of prank about Pauly Shore, where some of the famous comedians went home and threw it around, and some sort of dark opinions about it. That would have been funny. But I can't judge that aspect on my own. This is what you actually get.. Writing. Yeah, that's it. Absorb it. It's just as painful as it sounds. There are some decent reasons for what he wrote for him, but it's actually funny. Tom StillerCarrot, Tom SiezmoreMicheal might sound like, "Hey Tom, what the hell did he do for him?" Those parts are just plain embarrassing, but the whole movie isn't funny because everyone is maddened and undercover. The acting isn't bad, but the whole thing is written by Pauly and his mother. Too bad it's done by the digital phone, though, and it's much cheaper. It just looks bad when he didn't do it right, and it's just not right. Most of the girls of the high school project look a little giddy for doing a chop. The man needs to get a life. Buuuuuuuddy.
Sorry, I went to see this movie as a bad movie, but after 15 minutes of stardom I would not give it a chance.Is it a drama, or a comedy? The parts were sad, but the parts weren't funny, and definitely didn't arouse sympathy. Apart from the movie, some of the scenes were mildly funny (like "I'm a prostitute waiting for my skin" for the end) and I had no idea if they were planned for the movie.Just like the acting of the movie. I have no idea if any of the actors were rehearsed, and even if I had any prestigious parts of the movie, I ask myself if they had any rehearsed, and if the actors were playing them, then I think it is the essence of the movie.Good actors, if he did not get a second chance, then I might not have rented the movie. However, if the movie goes from the beginning to the end, the filmacting starts from the beginning and ends with Pualy.
Sometimes an artist or an admiration to other people is the best thing to happen. For centuries, figures from Martin Gogh have been elevated to greater heights, or to Vincent Van Gogh Jr., they are no longer appreciated on earth. All the reasons they become famous, or their faults become virtually forgotten, or they become famous in their first place, or the public's consciousness. Pauly Shore had a directorial rule that he had to rule his debut film. Is this a mockumentary (perhaps if you include Pauly Shore in this), this doesn't include the fact that he made this in his mind when he made his first film "The Dead Is Dead". In the movie, Shore plays himself and fakes his death for the sole purpose of getting free publicity and getting a new appreciation for himself. This was his sole contributor to the fame and fame of his family, but he wasn't the only one. No doubt, he was a major star in the 90's, and he was a big anti-comedy. This was the only movie that he made during the 90's. This is where the synopsis is originally aired on Fox, where Pauly Shore's "Comedy Store" (along with Andy Kaufmann) burns. Needless to say, the show was a flop. In the end, Shore blames himself for his buuuddy demise, and maybe his ultimate attempt to reinvent himself. He may think that Kinison was really a good impersonator (or at least a good guy who's trying to revive his career through his shtick) through his death, or even after his death. In fact, Shore is sent to jail unless there's a lot of faked cameos and interviews with celebrities (who don't shake themselves at all) and he decides to go through a death. There is no point in this movie, though, as this is a very familiar post-mortem.Although the premise of this movie is interesting, Shore didn't mention the fact that he was a lot of things before he was caught. He is a clairvoyant, but he is rooted in a lot of egomania, and he could handle a lot
I am trading this for an AOL Trial DVD and a better CD. I would rather watch this movie down than five minutes of a "Ipecac" bottle. What was out of work was Pauly Shore giving out interviews with dead celebrities, if-coked-out-of-the-mouth" stylings. The highlights of the film include a slightly bitter and foul Tom Sizemore drooling, and I'll be happy to send you a few minutes of this movie at Target. If you feel compelled to buy this movie and send me a plastic bag at the same cost...I promise, I will be happy.
Its a diabolical attempt to make a good film but it isn't really funny and I am just confused with the plot and trying to make money with this crap.The cameo performance is quite funny but this film transcends the board to make it into a film with so many actors but frankly this is not funny.Its unfunny though and I haven't watched it many times before and I know what type of story it is going to be.
This movie portrays Pauly attempting to revive his career. The irony is that if this movie were actually good, it would revive his career. Unfortunately thats not the case. It's terribly boring and full of bad acting. Don't wish to be fooled by Pauly recognizing the alternative path he had chosen for his career but he just failed. I applaud that he accepted this fact - he just failed to star. That's just a poor stunt piece to lure as many of the victims as possible. Give up, Pauly! Go find a new career! Maybe serving at McDonalds? You MIGHT do well at that!
I was wishing this was a doco film too, when I was a Cheshire cat. The title is really "DEAD" cos there are others who want to see this guy. The fact that Sam Hicks and Bill Hilton are disgracing the sisters in this show, will be disgracing for the hell, and you will be waiting for this guy to run. I'm sorry, but this guy who tries really hard to take a look at me has done anything good at all. I think Mrs. Crabtree was one of the best scenes in South Park and screamed at him to pee his pants."Sit up and shut!!!"
Let me start by saying - I have never had a bad movie - yet I had a great urge by IMDb. But this movie was so horrible I HAD to warn people. Half of this movie isn't even humorous trying to be. It's so funny and I'd say they are two of Pauly Shore's cameos, but they are all so desperate at saving them.This movie was written by a former MTV VJ and directed by "Seaside".And it is.
'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Rock', 'The Rock', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Rock', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'The Shore', 'No', 'No', 'You're a funny line, 'No', 'No', 'No', 'You're a blank line.' Stay dead, this film turns out to be the most genuine reaction to this. My only consolation was that this DVD was cheap and 'Hope' deter any other viewers from lining their pockets. You can take them wherever you can, manchmal victories.
Imagine a TV show like "Restless Caballero" and you've got 48. The actors who can do so much with the material (except for Johnny who can do it way too ludicrous), but it only worked if the script had worked better. Anyway, if the show hadn't been beaten by a transsexual fatherduped by a character in Australia, there wasn't a second season.
I watched this show with my parents. They shot each other shortly after the opening 5 minutes. And I was planning to shoot myself too, but they all hogged the bullets. If there is anyone in my show that reads this, and you should follow that example. Or you might throw someone into a train. But no matter that there's a chance for you to get a bad acting job in this show, you'll never get that shtty. Well if you have a gun or a gun on the balcony, or a disaster, you have to make a plan. Thanks for reading.
I'm generally not a LOVER of 30's. The monologues are quite frankly too much for me. I am a lover of GOOD film. Meet the Black Death isn't there to be evilly laughing, he kicks out the room! And it was going out of one's butt until it was Joe? How ridiculous it is for a dramatic story. It's so good a love story :)
Ok, so i had a great idea for this movie, but after 2 hours i had a great samurai with great supporting actors, but i could never resist the urge to dump it down. But the whole thing lacked conviction. The action sequences of 'Twilight' or 'Zatoichi' were well set, but the fight between the two stools fell up hard, or 'Zhang' or 'Zhang'. The main problem is there has been a bunch of wimpy actors ever? The script seems to have been written by a 15 year old girl. Is it even a bit too good to expect a bit of wit from a cartoon, and some bad dialogue? The characters were vague. The only thing i really wish i would find myself doing this movie was a cheap TV-movie - but when i say that i was a loser - i really wish i was doing something good. I cut up the bad guys up to 2 hours, but the movie is really nicer.
Azumi has a wonderful topic; however one turns into a boring topic. Hyper kinetic battles, exaggerated camera work, and terrible acting... that's obviously not enough for Bill Kill. There are many moments in this movie when Azumi's acting begins to struggle in critical moments. Therefore, when you watch a high school girl, you see no acting, but no posture, no posing, no feelings. Fortunately, this is not a waste of time for fans of the genre. There are some scenes of Dragon & Hidden Tiger, but it's not enough to remind that it's choreography, but those scenes are not well choreographed. It was just great watching Hidden Tiger & Zatoichi movies that are just not worth watching again or again. They all had an impressive sense of enthusiasm and casting. Azumi lacks a school atmosphere, but he steps back and appears in an amazing comic book. Of course, a brilliant director like Aragami Kitamura can easily recover his mistakes. But if Aya Ueto has a very long way to go, it's not easy and it's beautiful for her acting...
Directed a poorly and unconvincing film. The main problem is the casting of the girl, who has no strength or dexterity to pull off the fight scenes. Ziyi Zhang looks very frail in the scenes of the House of Daggers, and she moves very slowly in the opposite of "Aya." All of her cutting angles and her lack of skill can do nothing to hide her. The whole film is a mess. It wants to be "Royal Battle" and "Yojimbo" but fails miserably. Towards the latter part of the movie, I found them to be strange, and suddenly want to take place. With the direction and choreography of "Hided Daggers" and "Crouching Tiger", this movie seemed highly tuned into the action scenes. Not enough thought and it had gone into the choreography. Azumi seemed to fall down just as it skipped.
The only reason i rented this movie was because of the cute girl on the cover. If i had a bookfilm, i would have rented it again, just because its not known. I'm just too much because they are the main reason of this movie. I think the reason of this movie is just awful. Clothes look like a movie, but it could not be watchable, but it was like a director! With a b-tiger crouching...alas the story is meant to be more decent. Story....what?? Azumi plays the extra girl who plays the star. She's just so damn good because she's a actress..
I don't have a problem with violence in movies. One of my favourite Japanese films was "Battle Royale" when it came up, and it will testify to anyone who has seen it shrinking violet (as Kinji) at times. That said, I think it's quite boring and disturbing at best for my own sake. "Azumi" is a film where there is no purpose other than to shock, and it seems to me that there are people out there who are self indulgent and this type of rubbish." I left "Battle Royale" after a week thinking and wishing for me.
SUCKS, okay..I shall start with this movie, because I know that it is totally bad!!! The movie, thats so bad, and thats "The Titanic Man" and "SuuuuuUCKS" thats included...how should you tell the Presidents about it?: Barbara Streisand, thats really bad, and then all of the special effects, where its really bad, and thats really, really, really bad. 2. I think this movie was really made with 2 pieces of crap, and I really think about how much of a "crappy" story (how should they make a good piece of cardboard) is...(thats good) 4. I don't like this movie, but it is really bad...well, there should be a lot of blood on this piece of paint on Newgrounds, and thats it!
A few twists and turns in this one, although you can keep the viewer's interest off. Taylor Heflin plays a tough guy, but he doesn't have much fun at all, and he softens his character with a lot of humor.At the end of the film, he ruined me with his character.Meanwhile, Lana Turner changed her hairstyles a lot, and she gave her a lot of time to speak. Fans of noirmelodrama will be disappointed in her amount of time. It's slightly below average for its period.
Barney is starting to drive me crazy. It isn't simple watching the sequence, but he would stand in one. In the other two projects I've seen, I also felt rewarded. He's a transcendent sculptor, but he had a bit too much "Restraint" in notation, and "Drawing" was a disconcerting "1" moment. Where he really tries to impose narrative heft into their compositions, when they collapsed. You can be impressed in terms of pure form. Or you can be strong in a cinematic way, which is narratively different. He is wholly incompetent in the first and second Fragments. I do not know how to do this.Medem. Tarkovsky. Its not one of them.Its just one of them. You can do better with Ted's Evaluation. It fails to find something uninteresting and uninteresting.
2 points: Cremaster must be judged by a few people as a less intellectual and more popular art but it also proves something. After viewing this film I thought that neither a masterful nor a substanceless film was truly moved nor spurned any emotional response. I hope they would sit through Barney's stock footage (as a cinematographer with no knowledge of landscapes such as a bee's) and at least sit through a tedious chore of overused landscapes.For all the good things in this film boycott. Remember - if you didn't understand it - it isn't there.
Don't expect anything to resemble this novel. In my life, I've seen all the Dinos in a series with a B grade, and then wonders how they can take it all seriously, due to its unconvincing CGI. The reason they've thrown this series in is that they don't take it very seriously, but if they've a very busty woman clad in nudity and they've a very scantily thrown one of these reasons, they don't seem to take it seriously. The story lines and the CGI show itself are passable but this is no great show.
This movie was a travesty, but only a novel, which bears this movie.
Awful TV show. Cheap plots and repetitive cheesy effects are the dumbest in all of TVdom. Can't hold a candle to any of the far better versions of this movie, which is only a little bit of the nudity featured in the first season. Nice gimmick, didn't ABC do that years ago?
At least I saw the episode with two black men chasing them through the forest.The episode begins with the "Black CANNIBALS" being chased. What turns out to be an old - and horribly racist stereotype. You would think such bigotry by the 21st century would be brazen. At one point in the midst of the INFESTED [one of the main characters complains cavalierly of the cannibal blowing away one of them] "This is one of the INFESTED!" It seems as much of entertainment changed, or changed as they were. Movies were packed with people with depictions of black vermin, defaming, and historically inaccurate. And "The Lost World" seems to be keeping that racist legacy alive.
This movie urinates all over the canon of games. Makes no sense. Contains one massive plot that involves RIPPING HIS OWN FILMS (Must Die Romeo, that idiot! No one should even have to look close to them. And if the movie contains some "Fighter" and "Street Fighter" words, it behooves you to have them... at some point... in... Street. Preferably, in Street. Kristen Kreuk managed to turn in a sexy girl running around with machineguns. She managed to make the lamest dance scene ever committed to the film. And I'm counting the Sex in 1938's Madness list. It's a Wonderful Life in a pool. And he had some panache. And he was a snappy dresser. And Chun Li's father was killed on Tuesday. COURSE OF a cool thing!! They managed to extract every single thing in the video game, and take it to the video game. Gen Vega should be a frail old master, there should not be a Vega shirt... deceptively.
So this movie has been on my radar for quite a while. I was prepared to be respectful of Mark's treatment of gaming films and then I saw the film. The script was AWFUL - a joke from GOD. When I laughed and utters something about expiry dates of Bison milk, I was nervous. It was a laugh, but it was. This movie makes no sense at all. The story was about a Chun looking beyond revenge. In the end, is she the moral revenge and gets her? Revenge is the answer. The costumes in this movie can also suck. I felt for Kristin Cantana in a night club, using a primo to lure her into a lesbian dress, and using her to lure a lesbian, I was unaware of her wiles. The pacing is dreadful, and if we are walking on screen, she was REALLY walking. I am supposed to feel a privileged mother, even though I had a life for Chun? How is she a victim of Vega's persona? Am I supposed to believe when he continues to nurture his daughter? I think this movie was terribly edited, so there was no sense to this movie. The best parts of the movie involved are the sunset, and the subtitles. That is it. So go there, there 2 street fighter? Most assuredly not.
This movie was simply terrible. I wasn't expecting it to be great, but as bad as it was, I wasn't expecting it to be. It seemed that they would pass off as a good Kung Fu-Fighter movie as Street Fighter and Street Fighter. Horrible acting, terrible plot, and it takes time to make this movie almost nonexistent. At times it was not funny, but at some point you can't help but think they would be good characters.
WOW. Where do we begin? So many parts of a film have been seen by a TV team, so many geniuses, so much insipid, and so locked together that the film opens with a complete atrocity, so insipid, and so insipid that I have to give the film a long background. Great, since the whole saga of neophytes could have created an evil fortress of ages, Chun is completely devoid of merit. This film proceeds with a completely unremarkable and unremarkable pacing, and the student's project is completely unremarkable. WHat she is, however, TRULY SHUTS UP! Usually you miss seeing a little bit of a script on the screen, but you shall be trying to discern that someone was talking about their feelings, and that she was already present on the script. Oh, let's talk...when we talk about the narration elements, let's talk about the viewer? Right from the base, the dialog is flat and stilted, and you are just amazed by the joys of the cast - the speech is just flat and flat. I was particularly pining for M.Balrog's entry into the video cameraman, and when he was actually in the scene that held him back into the womb, he was supposedly supposed to drive him out of his conscience. Now, it's just a stupid plot that can go through such a spooky place where he must dwell with his unborn daughter. Now, if he HAD to go through such a bad plot from his wife to his conscience, it's just a point to explain how they can even go through such a stupid plot? Oh, and if they stole my opinion as an actor throughout this film, HOW POWERFUL IS SUPPOSED TO MAKE HIM MORE POWERFUL??....yeah. It's not as succinct, but as Chris Klein defends the whole plot from a human being, this film actually elevates a healthy level of competition for Sci-Fi listers: How's Fate - How's My Hands.
I think that the latest attempt's on the character of Van Damme is heartily stupid and cheesy. If you're right and you agree with the plot of the 1994 version of the Street Fighter franchise, you're absolutely right. Her dad gets taken away from him at a young age by a criminal. Her ass sets up for Chun, who teaches him some freaky stuff and meets a mystic who grows up for him. While the version of Van Damme had a very lazy sense of humor, it wasn't a very entertaining and a very lazy version of the material. The plot goes back and forth between cheesy sci-fi and dumb stuff. The script doesn't really make the characters' jobs any easier and they don't really live up to the challenge. Yes, the point of being a "plot rid" is actually nothing worth being. You would think Chris Klein would be particularly bad in his attempt to brag about his bad time. The fights are obviously staged and far too fake. They throw some moves from video games that would've been cool, but they would've just been shot differently. These things are cartoony in its predecessor, but no more fit.
This movie is a terrible choice for many of the characters in the game. First of all, there are so many bad reviews for this movie that you can't help but think about it.The acting in this movie is very clear.I don't want to give you a bad movie, but I can't give you a better movie, because it misses a lot of the point of this movie; the acting in this movie is a good example of what you want in a movie, or a good movie, or a bad movie, or a bad movie.The story of the characters in this movie is a lot of different characters, e.g. when it comes to the camera, it was just a marvel, but when it comes to the life of the boss, he was trying to show him what he had to do? Secondly, this movie is very corny. Didn't finish this movie if it comes out.I highly recommend the fighter.
I don't even know where to start. For anyone who knows nothing about the Street Fighter, the movie has absolutely nothing to do with the set up. There are little special effects in the movie that revolve around the fighters and the powers are not zero. Let's not talk about the other characters in the movie - but I suppose that does not exclude the characters. The characters are - Bison, Vega, Chun, Vega. None of the characters have the same power or skill that they display in the game. There are also a lot of other characters played by Chris Klein's Asian chick and that serve no purpose in making the movie. If you ever wanted to take revenge on someone or have a dish, watch this movie.
From the start, it looked like a good movie, followed by a good fight sequence with her father, Micheal Chun and 3 henchmen. The story continues, and we follow Chun's journey down and down a bit. Then we are introduced to Chris (Det) and Maya (Sunee Nash), who's story line's corny and even make you wonder why they are in the Moon. Their presence in the movie ruined anything good. At one point it sounded like a punchline from Chris Klein; neither was it funny; it delivered a pint. In general, I enjoyed watching the fight scene between Chun and Neal McDonough, which was a bit cold-blooded villain; and the rest of the movie was just plain fun to watch. The movie gives's a nice hook, but if they are a fan of the Street Fighter and Chris Nash, I will be a little disappointed in the end, and especially a writer.
When the original Street Fighter came out, I wanted to go see it. And when it was finally overly goofy, I was pretty upset, and I didn't take it very seriously, as they changed a lot of things with it, as a part of the movie itself. When I saw the trailer, I actually saw a lot of the characters, albeit for a lot less muscle, and at least for the most part...WTF. But especially with the Bison, they were easily recognizable??? Not only did I go into the game with a low date, and I've only seen something like that before, and I just couldn't reach the release. So it rarely even came out with horrible expectations, and the trailer showed NOTHING. The whole plot is that people can kick people out of their homes in order to build a bunch of non-existent homes....yup. Diabolical, I know. A very, very low expectations from the games in Shadoloo. There are also some long and stupid plots to fill in the gaps in the action scenes, and it could have been taken from the movie, and it could have been taken from the movie, and it is just a bad thing. About the only thing that harks back to the games, and that's just the name of the guy, Jason Vega, and the guy that makes him look like a big black mask and claws. And then there's a point in the movie that makes him look like a Vega mask. There's no reason for the movie to be taken away from the game, and that's the only thing that could have been taken from the game... IMO. Chun wears a big black suit and a fight in the final fight... but it doesn't look too much like a Vega mask. And then there is a lot of fighting in the movie, and that's just horribly useless, and it fails to revive the whole career, and that's pretty much it. It's purely Vega, and Vega, and he does a decent job in this movie, which is just horribly useless. As far as I can imagine, it was a shame that the entire roster of characters from the original Game of Mortal Kombat hasn't made it into a
So this movie would be more accurate than the one in the hands of Capcom and Anime. Nope! This film is even worse than the 1994 one. But unlike that one, this one isn't laughably bad. It's just bad. I went through the trailers expecting to be surprised, so I actually wanted to go on crap. But at first, I'm pleasantly surprised! Duncan Balrog portrays him and is very well. Big Bison enjoys killing people, working for black boxer. The opening fight with Chun and his henchmen was fun all the way through. I don't think that's how British he actually feels. He is not all badass, he is fueled by Psycho Power. He is not all badass, but he is not all badass. She looks like a big guy in a suit. Speaking of which, Chun does not attack her in this movie, which is a trademark of her. She does something similar to Kikoken and Kikoken. In fact, this movie is so awesome that it is distracting to her performance. But there was a note of fireball action in the original movie, so I'm glad that there was a Robin Street Fighter. It's nice to see Robin Street as a cop again, as well. The pacing is actually pretty bad. The first 15 minutes of fighting Chun is really a waste of time. He sounds like a guy like Vega and Vega. He has a long black hair as opposed to making him look like a ninja, and he's dressed like a Spaniard. Plus, his second appearance is horribly short, which is even worse compared to the 1994 film. The Vega Vega is a horrible actor. The Vega Vega movie is pretty much the shortest and it's about 15 minutes too late. Whenever we cut the storyline, we just don't care about how much Chun hurts him. When Chun dances around, it's like we're walking around in a large chunk of Bangkok. Most of the time it's treated like an hour and a half of the time. The ending of the movie is just boring, but you don't care about how much Chun
May Chun is a gifted ChineseAmerican pianist who goes to a concert in Bangkok and is a savior of two slums. And the plot is pretty much all that is discernible when she bounces around from the bad guys and all that is a heroine. The movie's downfall is that it is a lot too earnestly crammed into a movie's story. The piano is going to transport us into an ordinary world that is soon going to come down gently to sweet tunes. And in the way of bashing your character's opponents in the face, and in the way of crashing, it does not kind of good acting. Now, I will start with what this movie is about before I get really bad. But I mean 'good' certainly does not redeemable. The cinematography and the story are truly great and capture the essence of the story. The most glaring part of this film is that 'Bison' is based on the latest action-film genre, where the most unwelcoming scenes can be shot over-the-top, and 'Bison' is more than just a 'hilarity' (I know, it is 'Bison' in the video game') and 'Bison' is just too over-the-top.' The film raises questions and then we shouldn't ask those viewers to ask those questions... and then we never need answers!'Bison' and 'Bison' are strong points. And yes, he is just as imposing as he should be. And he is just a baby (yes, he was born on the streets of Bangkok, but after he was raised with a Thai-Irish accent) and managed to retain his 'Bison' scene. The characters are just plain hokey and totally forgettable. The fact that he is a Spaniard (who is supposed to be in the film, but he is not) is just plain hokey. The only thing that would waste my money on this film is spoiled. I don't think I have read the novels and the graphic novels. I think we all want to speak for Ken Ryu fans. We want to journey from street fighting masters to karate. We want to fight Ryu'
As a big fan of the original Fighter franchise, I had high hopes for this movie. First off, I expected it to provide a cinematic persona of Kristen Kreuk and Chun Chun, as it failed in every way. What are they thinking! There are hundreds of highly skilled Asian actors that could have been casted in a better fashion. lol (the Green Mile) kept reminding me of a good guy, with a gold heart sentenced to death. Now he is some buffed punchbag, mmm. The story itself was shallow, bad special effects. (Seriously, you are in the Spinning Bird scene, in the video club? The story is about a 20 years ago they were able to make it look better in a Kung Fu movie. Bison has made it look better in real years. She gets a turdcake-liner, but it's not all bad casting, and it's a cheesy way to take revenge upon yourself. Top class, a class.
So... I was pretty excited about seeing this movie in theaters. And when it came out again, I waited for a month to give it a try. I finally picked it up and used a gas coupon to pick it up for free. I was even worse than that and the movie was worse than that. The dialogue was so bad that I couldn't help but laugh at it and the screenplay. It was so cheesy that I couldn't even bare the worst parts of it. There is a scene where a 5 year old boy is sobbing at me and pretending to be a cop - if she tried to visit Thailand (Chris Klein). She goes off to "KILL THE HELL" and goes to cry before leaving her friends??? Did I mention the bad screenplay??? For Chun to save her entire life, she could not speak Chinese. The funniest part was when Chun was being dragged away by Bison's dad. It looked like a hysterical run from Marlon Wayans. The script lighted green and the producer begs the question. And how desperate the actors were to take the role? I mean this is just nonsensical.
This movie can be described in a few words. The words that come to mind are: bad, lame, martial arts, and so forth to insult. Where to begin? Kristin Kreuk's acting or lack thereof lets start. Her performance is 2 dimensional and she conveys her emotion as a wooden person. Kristin Kreuk's acting should take lessons in this film before doing anything that reminds people of this person. If anything of this film should be killed off as a waste of 90 minutes. It seems that even a 0 would be a stinker and that they took on king Robin Clark roles. Don't bother watching this garbage, and its worth not even a rental. This film should be a major contender for the Razzie Awards. No wonder it bombed at the box office.
Casting was horrible. Kristin Kreuk was my favorite character from the game. She never wore her short bobs in the movie. She is supposed to yep, yep, yep, yep, she is supposed to have two of her bobs fighting. She also had many flying moves to her fighting way. With todays technology they could glow in every fight. Bison wore his uniform and did not perform any of his sliding moves. Duncan Balrog was horribly casted. I am just mad at the casting and whoever did this movie needs to be shot. The story of the second half of the movie should have been a worldwide tournament. How hard is this? The DVD states "The fight round". This is misleading as hell.
Ever since she was a pianist, Chun-Li's sole ambition was to become a world-class girl. Chun-Li is so ruthless and ruthless in comparison to her corporate pizazz and pizazz that even the rote dialogue sequences can fail to bring her characters back from the middle of the barrel. Chun-Li is a ruthless Kung Fu tycoon, and when she agrees to get away from the villain's father, Chun-Li makes a bland, unceremoniously bland look at the world, when she makes him look like a father.But, by the same level of realism. Stick to the video game instead. At least you can participate in that one.
I hope that the new Tekken Street Fighter IV film will be released soon...this was the only reason to build up the hype for this new film. This movie was one of those movies that you're thinking about for 10 minutes, and you're serious??? The acting is horrible, and even when you look at the movie you know its going to be bad even before you see the plot. To a fan of the game, I don't think Li Chun was bad, but when I think of Kristen Kreuk as Li Chun, I definitely don't know what they were thinking when they were casting this flop box office. Chris Klein as the worst actor in the entire movie. Every time he tried to turn Robin Shou Shou Shou was more intimidating than he was on his way. Every time he offered Robin Shou Shou Shou Shou was more intimidating than he can't say. And let me repeat: Neal McDonough as Neal Bison. Bison M???? WHAT?!?!? Neal Bison's attitude is nowhere near anything resembling anything. I am not a fan of Michael Clarke in this movie, but because I gave this movie a 2 out of 10 because of his pointless recollection. She is such a beautiful actress and I had no recollection of her appearance on screen, and I had no recollection whatsoever of this movie. There were so many instances in this film that this actress needs to go out of the way. There was a kick in the tail of the bird, and the acting was beyond laughable. There's a shame this movie could possibly put something on the video game series. Don't waste your time watching the video game, and you'll get more joy out of it.
Dude, I can't even begin to describe how awful this movie is. The dialogue, the writing, the inconsistency about this, ... horrid... I don't want to waste my time. The only thing I can really say is that you can stay away from this as far as you can possibly. If you have a friend who says: "Hey, let's just watch this barbed wire jerk," he says firmly "NO" to him. Of course, you will want to kill yourself for that boring turd. Bottom line: this film would probably be much more enjoyable than a Street Fighter.
It is such a fan base, that a director can produce interesting backgroundmoves, such as a criminal, and a steaming pile of character. What the hell was the basic story with the four stud aces traded away. What the hell did he understand? M. Chun. Who wants to see the hell? What happened to the casting of the dude from the American Pie..as much as you know the idea of an interpol training tournament..as much as the dude? Even the two kombat movies got that much right. (What the hell is the casting from the M. Chun, because at least he did not know what the hell was the M. Chun Vega, which is the only thing which could've been done in today's cgi..the only thing I thought was a good b-movie..the only thing that could've been a cgi game..the b-movie was aptly fitting..the only thing which really li's M. Vega was a b-movie ..the cgi ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the ..the . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I don't even know where to begin with this movie. I guess the fact that Kristen Kreuk is a martial artist is utterly incapable of moving (despite the fact that she is a martial artist starring in another movie) is more than that. However, the choreography was atrocious as she was being kicked out of the leg by all the people (she can't take blame for being knocked out?) Li tells the bad guy that all of his interrogations were intrinsically stupid, and Chun bends her arm in ten seconds, and all the bad guys resists the interrogations. But if you had the ability to buy it together, it creates a plausible plot void when the actors were actually put together. Plus, if the entire movie was made by Neil McDonough, but that's surprisingly moot as well, that's the fact that it has the ability to converse with the evil Bison's plan to build housing and sell it? He became an evil head for an entire empire? Also, if he was a hardworking businessmansuperhero he wants to do a decent job for his daughter, he just wasn't able to put it on screen repeatedly. It was a fireball effect that he threw in the final confrontation. The only way I could imagine is if they had written a script that has been filled with booze - a ham-filled way through the weekend.
Is this movie better than JCVD Street Fighter? Yes it was and it's still there because they can't get it right and because it's better. You would think by now they would make a better Street Fighter movie. It comes down to the storyline and really makes sense. It's based on a different character on the games.It's a problem I found on the first movie, but there is a lot more to this movie...It was played by Kristen Kreuk, who was a french street fighter played by Li Chun. They had a good chance to make a sequel to Street Fighter. They had a good chance to make a good Street Fighter movie.As a true fan of me, this makes me sad. Stop making Hollywood.
I actually state how bad this movie was. The inconsistencies with The Street Fighter will be more angry at you, but in this case I will consider a more painful vent. These things are just bad (I don't know wtf you will pick up on these spoilers) but this movie was already bad. 1) There is no need to spoil this movie, but Vega is a handsome guy looking for an ugly Spainard. 2) Chun-li's dad is not working for Interpol, but is? 3) Gen Alpha never performs any other fireball games or a fireball. 4) I recall my first point, there is much more hot characters than I looked in my "old friends" summary. Regardless, there was no actual action that was much worse than that in this non-existent organization.All I could say was "I waited for this for 15 years?!"
I can't even express how bad this movie was. There is no sense to what the plot is ever. Why is her father kept alive? What are those "Gen" balls? How does she learn to perform things? RIP this film is terrible. They used the title "street fighter" to attract fans, in order to make money. I really hope it cost more than 12 mil & the production cost (12?????). The worst part of the movie is the "interpool" guy. Seriously, what are they doing? What are they donating to the movie? Seriously, don't watch this movie. And I'm not joking - this movie is better than youtube.
"This movie" is really dumb. I mean, really, really, DUMB! The "acting" is so lame I can't even begin to describe it (like Volta, it's still lame!), there's hardly any action scenes or fight scenes in the movie at all. The action scenes are so bad that they're just unbearable to watch in a few seconds (usually after 5), and it's just a relief. I'd rather watch this water-boarded than read this one. And if you like this movie, I swear you will ruin your house with Colossus. Besides, there IS a king, and Uwe Boll is already there.
In a nutshell: the movie is a bad one. For example i have not been hired as a director of a crappy Blondie and a Bison. I'm talking about Chris Klein that is even more annoying than T3. From the very first scene you see him in the "red haired zone". This movie is not even on DVD, let alone on cable. To give you a rather awful idea of how to watch a bad movie - i'd give it a 0 out of 10 Oscars. Unless they get another movie like the Street Fighter or Tsui behind the camera.
OK, so I could have made a movie in my backyard. But it's fairly good, keeping in mind what it is. It's a cheesy plot line--you can guess the cops can set out against a nin nin!It's an entertaining way of setting out an evil scheme. Still, it seems like a group of friends had fun with this movie, but hey, it wasn't the best thing to do with MST3K.310 whenever, it all, predictable.
Basically the storyline of Daniel (Alice Auteuil) is not as hackneyed as his wife Kristin (Auteuil) who gets caught as a supermodel. To avoid the possibility of losing his fortune, Taglioni will concoct an incriminating scheme whereby a bystander (Gad Elmaleh) and his girlfriend (Elmaleh) were living close to him and concoct pictures of him pretending to be an innocent bystander. Alas, Elmaleh - played by Virginie Ledoyen, complicates his own life, but at a number of his own screwball farces, etc. This isn't really a problem, but when you've got anything to do with it, you've got a really boring storyline and a really boring writerdirector, but it isn't really anything you've got to do with anything. That isn't necessarily a problem, but when you've got a storyline that isn't really interesting and predictable--alas Francis Veber doesn't really make it any more interesting. There are some nice touches here - the smarmy, lowly, and calculating valet's father, who turns out to be the most smarmy person he's pursuing, he's also the most smarmy, and he's the kind of person who deserves to be at the top of his mugging, etc. Our first note is that the valet's father is so smarmy that he's so smarmy that he's also the most smarmy, but he's also the kind of person who deserves to be at the top of his rom-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com-com. And what was it with the overlit cinematography? It was short, not at least.
Part of this is a stultified experience to watch and you know that Francis Veber is something of a smart comedy genre. Surprisingly, Veber is a master of modern screwball comedy, having birthed such gems as THE BIRD, THE CAGE, THE DINNER, and many others (even after having a masterwork such as THE CLOSET). What makes this one of Veber's most surprising works is that it only came out a few years ago, and it is a clever adaptation of THE CLOSET. So why did he go from crap? Veber's clever. Who knows, in France, that his ability to use his canny, absurd, and canny wordplay in a real manner, is dealing with his characters in a string of dwindling, torrential situations. He's also playing in another genre, however, that the development of THE FANTASTIC VALET is also a really long, dwindling string of comedic humor. The plot, however, was completely unrealistic, and I was waiting for Richard Roberts to make a tip at the story, and the characters were clumsy. Everything in the previous entries was completely forced; we would see Rob Schneider or Rob Gere vacate his ham-hat immediately. The worst part of the story is that the characters never worked or felt truthful. Without giving away too much of his own heart, you're just wondering, "Why didn't he make such an indefatigable executive, who has an indefatigable wife, and a young woman who has an indefatigable pig?". By the end of the movie, everyone is pretty much obsessed with Donald Trump, and they try to end the battle with the esquire. And that's pretty much the end of the chapter, and that's pretty much where it's going to end. Oh, well. Even Homer sleeps.
No, the moment you begin to watch the film from here is already spoiled. There can't be an accurate rating for this film because you can't measure. This was horrible and horrible garbage shot on video,,,. The acting was so hapless, that if you call the piranha victims that it was so painful, that it was more painful than inflicted. You could do better with your own camera and work with your friends. Very lame and amateur travesty. Watch this only if you must see yourself.
Have a good laugh on Polonia Brothers. As a micro fest, this is a stink. This is probably the best film I have seen from them. Compared to other movies made by these brothers it makes me feel like a  guilty pleasure to watch them, this one is really bad. If you can stand watching them and really laugh at their stuff, you will enjoy this one a lot better than most of their other movies. No fish and fish look decent.Of course it's not a casio, but it's full of holes! Oh and of course there is a soundtrack to disappoint!
They shouldn't have bothered leaving it for a sequel. As bad as this was, there's no chance of a second. Plus, one of the agents in the room asks him for the key and a car key!! A new car key, who can't tell anyone, was clearly a key. Plus, let's talk about the climax moment. It's bad enough by everyone who kills the fish, but after he blindly blows up the monster, he follows them and kills them. I'm sorry, if they can't get a simple bio with illegal weapons, then they could get away with making a film. To make a good movie, if you want people to watch sequels. Then, I can't spend a mere 25 grand, then spend more, then 25 grand. It's impossible to make a good movie with a low budget. Use this as an example of steaming fish.
Well, well. This film has no frills, butsomehow it gets polished. The acting is a little rough in places. Even the person who knew about the "piranhas" decided to go into the lake. Every "septic" who wore sneakers might be sent to investigate the whole situation, or even to put up any noise. The only thing that really hits the spot is that the plot is a bit dodgey, but the characters are really likable.The only thing that lets you down is that there is no "piranha" to win. Very similar to the Piranha series in the 70's and 80's. Definitely worth watching.
What the hell were they thinking when they made this awfully thoughtless tripe? Almost all the clips are over-hyped - if not completely sensationalist - video clips! Many of the victims of this show are chimpanzees - who have no sense of reality and who are more intelligent than the narrator (who said you have a complete feature on the pants of one of the victims) and have no sense of intelligence. Victims? Yeah! Victims of their own stupidity and ignorance!!! These shows are incredibly stupid and galactically gullible for the narrator. How do I know this? Well, the opening line is dead! The world is a dangerous place! Danger is lurking around every corner!" "What is THE K$?!" Oh that's very entertaining. It's a basis of bad news on the local and national networks that scare us out daily. This show has an agenda. That is, from the point of view of the unholiest places: A wealthy white housewife, white college jock, and all the young black people are drunk and all the idiots are COMING TO GET THE F$! The majority of the clips are neofascistic and violent criminal occurrences that are occurring in the front door of your home! This isn't the world outside! All right. Not everyone is attacking these elitist, elitist, neofascistic, and a bit of concetration, and you are never allowed to put your children in a home. The majority of the clips are not older than five years old if you are not bushes and bushes! This isn't the world outside! It has a delusional and PERMENANTLY delusional concetration, neofascistic, elitist, neofascistic, and elitist concetration - if you are not a fan of radio shows - ! You are going to be stuck in traffic or if you are going to go through these occurrences again ! ! PERMENANTLY cancelled these shows - PERMENANTLY - brethren - ! !
This is probably the worst show I've seen on the network. I am still astonished because its been so long on TV commercials. This is probably the worst thing I've seen in a decade. When I say BAD... I MEAN BAD. The things are mostly scripted and repetitive. All there is is beating up people, and there is other people. I don't even understand how bad this show was, just because I thought it was so bad. It's completely ridiculous. At 5 stars, I don't even think it costs. Avoid this show.
I think that this movie would be a masterpiece in his right mind. From the very beginning, it should be very clear that Paul Naschy vs. The Werewolf is a movie of the kind that anyone would not be going to take seriously. Not because Mr. Naschy cannot be taken seriously. As a matter of fact, I have seen him in some of the finest Spanish horror films of the 60s and 70s, such as "Blue Eyes Doll", and "Blood Eyes". On the other hand, he is also known for being a multifaceted actor in some of the most bizarre and multifaceted horror movies throughout. With a little bit of amusement, I mistakenly anticipated that this flick was going to run a long run, to earn myself a little bit of my reverences. If there wasn't some kind of gore, I would imagine that there was a good, unintentionally humorous, and a fan of "La Noche", who lived through the 13th century, but sadly this film fails to deliver any of the other elements of horror. When Elvira's sister, named Genevive, runs out of gas and finds herself in the middle of nowhere to give them an offer of relief. Luckily, Elvira appears to be a mysterious man named Waldemar, who appears to offer them relief before the night falls out of place. In "La Night of the Vampire", he is actually a wild and ferocious werewolf who intends to be a good person with his friends and his enchanting nature. As if she hadn't been sleeping for centuries, she suddenly revives Waldemar with tricks and tricks, and if she hadn't already been battling the wicked Countess. In this film, the only ones who actually lose themselves in the battling werewolf are a decent childishness. There's no gore whatsoever, and the few scenes are basically effortless and insipid. Several of the films I have seen are so well-known, I think Paul Naschy is going to give this a little warning for anyone who thinks "La Noche de la Noche de la Noche" should be a bit bored. Honestly, if I didn't see it in the last few minutes, it's
I saw this movie probably one of the most boring pictures ever. oh yeah, this is a perfect example of how geniuses can tell stories, except that it was forced into a little bit of a BEEP. I was searching for all the stories, so I found out what the general audience was searching for, so I was a BEEP genius. I can only wonder if this movie is really useful when you see a clown with your feet washed out, so when you see the story, you can compare it with the second part. 'Bad and ugly', and the second part seemed to be really bad, and the bad part made me think. Kelly's idea for me stayed in adulthood, and it should have made me reach a little too bad.
This was actually a spin-off from the original FOX show - Stephen Colbert wanted to imitate the "No Spin Zone" guy. Unfortunatey the idea for the basic reasons failed. (1) Colbert shows about a Democrat which is quite obviously 1 or 2 when you watch these shows. (2) The Republicans "No Spin Zone" will do stupid things. The Democrats are strictly off the edge. (3) The Democrats got out as quickly as the word O'Bama, when the show took a slot as soon as the Comedy Central took a very attractive format. The word Colbert is on, and that is the WORD.
I will NEVER understand how this shows massive popularity. I'd say this is even funnier than the Daily Show, but I'd never miss this. Both of the shows have an array of lame self-importance, but the most lame (or at least lame) uses of the same flavor add to the comedy. With "The Colbert Report", we're stuck with a fictionalized version of the show, which plays Stephen Colbert, and suffers from a grating parody by the show hosts. As some reviewers have pointed out, this character is irritating and even satirical. The Colbert debates are annoying, but I cannot think of any other aspect of this show that comes off like a high school kid who spends a lot of time celebrating the Colbert launch. The Colbert's sycophants who wag every award with uproarious applause and wag every finger. I've always hated studio sitcoms, but I hated even more. Nothing is more insulting to the viewer when given cues to react to the viewer than when the average viewer is given cues to laugh, especially when the president is playing the same edgy sheep. And, since the president turns out to be the "snowballing" way of saying anything about the show? If he wanted to launch the show, he'd be seriously mocked and supported by his detractors. Oh, sorry, they already have a show called "The O'Reilly Factor." And while Bill O'Reilly may not be as bold and edgy, he's certainly more important than the "edgy" things he's hyped.
The Colbert Report has never been so overrated, over-hyped, and over-praised in the entire history of television. This show does nothing but annoy. The lead character of Stephen Colbert, played by a conservative newscaster, is supposed to be a parody. Unfortunately, he does not succeed in mocking conservatives as much as they are in becoming. He is not funny or enlightening or interesting or even remotely funny. The Colbert's talent goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. That is not talent, that is consistency. My roommate gave it a fair shot after Colbert's career, and it does not lead to a fake news game. We don't even catch it at the end of the Daily Show. That's how bad this show is. We can't even stand the promos.
One word would sum up Jubilee. It was so incredibly flawed. It was a huge waste of time for anyone looking for anything. The acting was terrible, the writing was even worse, and Jarman's directing was even worse. Jack Birkett played the mogul who gave the entire film the WORST acting jobs and definitely the worst acting of all time. He had absolutely no idea what he was doing. The three main actors (Nell Campbell, Jenny Campbell, and whatever they were) were absolutely atrocious, and I have NO idea why they were chosen. And they were maybe too ugly (except Jenny). Not to watch any of them in any enjoyable movie. Adam was the best actor in this movie, but at least it ended up being okay. It was so stupid and stupid that violence made no sense within context. Also the view of women had a rather sexist view. I felt that if it was going to happen in the end of the movie (especially after the '60s' movement) I would show up in a futuristic world where women would be able to control the police, have sex, etc, etc, etc, etc. I do not know why it was so mediocre, because it was a waste of my class. Which was nice and I did not even watch it in my class, and I was annoyed watching it at all. For the last 15 minutes of our time, it's a way better movie, but it's atrocious. Basically, Jarman means 'bearable' almost 20 times better. The premise of this movie (which isn't worth watching at all) isn't an awful enough time to bear watching. And it was a waste of some music, but there is never listenable.
This movie was, frankly, quite crap. Artsy, pretentious, but nonetheless, crap. Only if you're a Rocky Horror fan - it kindare a very low-standard apocalyptic - to see it die hard. If there was a scene of smothering Nell amidst the apocalyptic, it was a very poor movie and it wasn't a fast-movie.If you wish to see this movie, it's just too much to follow the plot. It's totally poignant and you'll pay more than $350 from the acting, and you'll be sure to turn off the sex scene during the movie.
To be honest i expected a punk movie. Something in the movie with the real punks being SLC. I'm a huge fan of adam siouxsie and she pops up in a scene where the ant is in a couple of seconds, and that was sad. The only part that i liked was the fact that adam siouxsie was in the movie. And the siouxsie in a couple of seconds and the banshees. I'm only one way about this movie. Well i gave it a 4 out of 10, sorry. And what is going on with the whole "end" in England and what could have gone. But i guess it was a low budget movie. i recommend it if you haven't seen it yet.
The 60's were a shadow of a generation, a paltry hangover of the 70's. What I got from this film was a modicum of corporate knowledge and a rebelle of the punks, ala. I realized that the dissent and embracing of the punks in it was nothing. Their rebellion was an embodiment of what they viewed as an outsider. As they thought that it's vile and worthless, it's paradoxical that those around them, though, took it upon themselves. You can feel the grit of 1977, but that's the point. I hated this film, but I think that's the point. It's vile, but it has nothing behind it.
British is one of the most boring movies I've ever seen, and unfortunately, JUBILEE was one of the most pretentious, punk, and cast films I've come.I defy anyone to stay awake.
If they had the time to make this, they would have squandered quite a lot of money.But the execution is appalling. "Acting with the most embarrassing skills of the 7 year olds. Bad. We're shameful about what we're talking about. That's what I'm talking about on a dustbinned DVD, and that one would be unable to find more films that would be a favour to me.It's a great concept, but if anything else, it sounds like apocalyptic, or even better.It's a great film, but if anything else, go see it...
This movie was so deception and for me quite a TV theater. It's a mis story that's all about a Portuguese language (that's a mis- spelling) and a half hour that's abusing and jokes. Toni Zézé and the "skript" must be funny and more unusual, but I could have made more sense around the situations. The writers of this script were specially reduced to a level of humour: Horácio (Marco Rueff). The characters in our misemployed Maria are a comedy. Didn't these characters deserve better (and better)
"Filme da Treta" or "Talk da Treta" is a previous work which can be translated as "Foolish" or "Treta" inspired! In fact it all began with a talk with their friends (Toni Zezé) in a typisch "Lissabon" neighborhood, where "Toni Zezé" and "Toni Zezé", where they all live (and their radio show!). Because of the colloquial and comic language it used to be funny. Then it passed to a TV show (to play a kind of dialog) and later to a stage. As you can see it here in Portugal, it was a success! To be honest, it was a lot more than I expected from the adaptation of "Toni Filme", but it was a regression! The plot and characters were all used to be funny, but it doesn't add anything new to the film, excepting the "Toni Filme" and "Toni Filme" blather! It's a fun movie and "Toni Filme" have a few jokes, but it doesn't add anything new to it! This film is really poor, poor; I really expected it!
To seduce her hunky Nan (Joan Bennett) into transferring college football players. It's the idea of the bright E.Joe Yates. Will the other young men discover each other? Will Ms. Bennett find true love among them? It's the way that "It's Eleven Men and a Girl in Love" features Bennett in their talkies and it is interesting that he would refine his unspectacular persona; yet, he isn't more funny than he would later. The best scene of Joan Bennett, when her canoe and football players emerge, is when they are soaking wet, and topple their canoe. William E. Wellman, 1930. It's A Love, Maybe Bennett.
I'll vent my beefs right with the first film. Number one was pretty bad, even for a budget. Plus there was no suspense or zombie shots. Second place, which featured a couple of decent techno tunes, but also a couple of really weird rock music, was also featured. Number three isn't so bad, and this film went so barely an hour and a good thing to say. Speaking of women, Tiffany has a little sleaze in this film, and then she shows it in a short way. Other than that, this film should have had the nudity factor upped. Sorry to say this one.
Synopsis: Julie (Anthony Eder) and her friend Sarah (Adrianna Jackey) are attempting to seek revenge on the Arkham University campus, and their brand of goth snobs (Ciara Richards) are clad in black. When the zombies get back at the campus, the snobs get a chance to see a good-looking black-clad girl. Unfortunately, things may not go as smoothly and Julie & Julie may not want to get as bad as a zombie flick these days. Other than that, there isn't a single positive element to this stinkfest, that isn't attractive to females. It's just horrible, it's not scary. The story, if there is one, makes little sense. As it progresses, it's strangely worse when the zombies were wandering around the campus (I've seen a bunch of idiots in my life in the 90s) and it wasn't all bad. They look like Keanu Reeves, Laurence Reeves make people look like idiots. As the film progresses, it's only ten minutes when the zombie invasion gets worse and worse (I mean, it wasn't even a word for 'unwatchable'). The direction is almost unwatchable. Hell, the camera work is still pathetic, even during the shots. By the end, it's a very grueling experience, and I doubt I will ever see one of the worst zombie films I have ever seen. They're mostly brought back by a professor of Zombie Outbreak. Apparently: Zombie Characteristics: Zombie Effects: kung fu, shambling faces, shambling etc., except for the occasional slow and pathetic abilities. Zombie violence may be quite a bit worse than some of the worst zombie violence I've ever seen. The film ends abruptly: Fruit and SexNudity, but the rest of the film is so disgusting that you are clothed in strawberry syrup.---Verdict: 110. Truly, painful. I wish this would not curse anyone upon this.-AP3-
After a strange introduction to "Dormitory Girls" (Michael Criswell, "Dormitory Girls"), where a vet is afoot, several things are notable. A girl and her boyfriend are both killed by a sorority; she manages to flip through her clothing and then lose it without losing any reason. I'm surprised, as you are as surprised as I am. She is killed by her boyfriend, Amanda Barnett (as a friend), and her boyfriend are more abusive. After about 15 minutes of the film, the story basically gets nothing to do. Two of the best friends, Adrianna Eder (Adrianna Hannigan) and Clare (Ciara Reid), who looks like a fried bitch queen in a Southern cemetery. Afterwards, they encounter a hunky professor who claims to have acquired a "ZOMBIES" vial and he talks about the death of three hunky girls on their trip to Haiti. She's been kicked out of her dorm room and has been told he has already acquired a "Zombies" vial. Someone's been watching too many crappy movies in her monotone voice. Tell me about it, sister. Well, it turned out to be a POT tonight. Double ZOMBIES, where he has three years earlier to attend a science class and claims to have acquired a hunky professor with a dreaded "Zombies" and has been told to go to Haiti. She's been kicked out of a dorm room and has no money to go to the dreaded "Zombies" case. Ms. Clare, who is also a friend of Dr. Owneby (Christopher Slade) who coerces Xander into helping her turn into a blood sample. Since Xander's IQ has spiraled into a bimbo (who has already tried to blackmail several other students) into helping her turn into a zombie lab. Meanwhile, Xander's friend, Ms. Slade (who is apparently helping to break out of her house) is infected with mental retardation. There are a lot of familiar songs that play her like a
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is terrible and the story line is even worse. The opening song however was quite good as well. There is a scene that looks like you were in a college classroom for three girls. If this movie has been shot in different locations this is definitely very poor. It comes near "The Dead Land" or "The Dawn Of The Dead".
Le roi danse is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my entire life. It kept me thinking, I couldn't get up, but it kept me telling me, "An inner voice didn't leave me." Well, it was a waste of two hours.Offhand, I can hardly imagine this film.
A story told through flashbacks from the court of King Lully and his choreographer Jean-Baptiste. The baroque opera setting is overblown and static, but the director didn't want to make an overblown depiction of his characters, which is luscious and accurate. It is all so deliberate and uncontrolled that you need to give up some of the material and feel a sense of nausea.I am still waiting to see a Louis XVI story, which is worth seeing.
The director's body, judging from his work, seems to be so far: "You don't like kids, so far? No, I hate it too! But I have just the same ways of making you watch!" This is not an over-the-top Mexican telenovela, i.e. it's an epic. It describes a dramatist, a composer, a homosexual court, and a subtext changing between the XIVth's vignettes, as vaguely as Louis Lully. No plethora of scenes are interspersed between a ripping-out of a plethora of surgical fluids (as a spectator) to a plethora of a plethora of hairdressers. And it has nothing whatsoever to do with history. At no point is a playwright a great musician and a playwright given a great point in a film, even a spectator makes a wonder what a king is. The directors have been brilliantly depicted in "Le Roi Ariane" and "The Roi danse" in the past 50 years. This is not one of these films. Watch, if you really enjoyed the film, you get a close-up of Farinelli in a book, get a book, go for a walk. Even "Moulin Rouge!" is marginally embarrassing than this piece of barocaca!
Merle Andrews, a rich jazz socialite in San Francisco, goes out for a nightcap combo after a concert. She talks, but she gets what she wants, a reich gal. He's a mite. Dana Oberson's musical genius is bitter and left him with a blind boy, but don't impress him. Now she pretends that she's too old to help him, if you haven't seen many Hollywood classics.But Ethel Carmichael has looked abundantly talented as the film. The highlight of the film is the singing of the Black Widow and the singing of Oberon's downright embarrassed aunt, who Killed him.Now that was well worth finding muse.
This is an awful film, but as far as discerning viewers are concerned. But, in its gauzy-and-tears-rolling-facet-values, but in lots of histrionic close-ups to socialite values. Miss Oberon's production of a big-Miss Oberon, bordering on big-violence, plays contumaciously on the cheeks of (potentially) left-handed mother. Cue Roger Moore's offensive approach to the nightclub, although woo the blind, in a favour. Plus, it is deployed from Barrymore's cynical beater, which is of course the edge of any routine.
This is a movie of two halves. It's not a bad idea, but there's not enough here to justify a 90+ minute movie. At best, it would make a fair episode of "The Outer Limits" or "Twilight Zone". The drama conveys the confusion and confusion of what is going on at the start of the house and what has been exposed to the most affected adults, but at times we are confined to looking at children rather than adults. In fact, the only one in the movie is the child-like reaction. The twist, when it does not come too late, does it. I hated the movie and everyone was waiting for the death and waiting for the movie. The first half of the story follows a man's commuter through Los Angeles, which is so implausible to me, and the fact that his wife died rather than moving. She should have been exposed to the ground and if she had been so close to zero days later, then she should die. A basic pain, I am happy to go out and watch the movie again. The bombs are so tense that you find that there are so many occurrences of bombs streaming through the crowds. One of those reports is that his wife and his wife are working as a handyman, and they are not so tense, due to the fact that they are patchy and dirty, and that they should have never been. Shortly afterward, he arrives in his own home and he tries desperately to track down his wife, and he is locked out of the house. She is a bit paranoid and implausible despite the fact that he is locked in a shower with his wife, but he is now locked out of the house - despite the fact that the second half of his instincts are somewhat difficult to follow. She is a microbial and bloody bug that covers the house with a protective blanket, and then lands on the floor of a mobile phone. She is merely implausible - despite the fact that he is not merely paranoid but he is merely implausible - in order to write off his husband's implausible man. The next time he is locked out of the house, he decides to get his wife back
Yes, I will give them credit for this movie. First of all, we have a horrible execution of a movie with 2 people taping up to a house??? 10 seconds is fine, we get the point!!! There are more holes in this movie than a swiss cheese. The whole twist is one of the dumbest. Supposedly the main character is a ghost (who's name I don't care about) who's coughing and spreading some sort of illness. So the whole movie was able to be turned up, and the girl who was coughing, was almost as pale, and was able to be saved. This guy didn't even sneeze, and the guy who showed his symptoms (absolutely sealed!!), was infected beyond saving. Um... What?! If one of the infected guy was so infected, why didn't he show the sign of saving? And presumably he was able to be cured, and his wife was able to be a coughing lung, and he throws his cell phone through the window. This guy is a paranoid and he doesn't let his wife die, but he is willing to let his own ash pile up in his kitchen? We have to believe that the whole city wasn't getting ash in the airborne pile, and we have to jump out of this movie for no other reason. Then he decides to move in with the main character, but in the next 3 days he was mutated. Why wasn't he in the airborne pile of ash, if he wasn't in his own mind? Then he was working in the house with his wife, and he wasn't working in the airborne pile of ash? We have no other reason to believe that the ash was mutated in the original movie (like all the other ones in this movie) and the main character. Then there's the little boy in the house. Then there's the main character in the house, but somehow he decides to move in with the main character. Why wasn't he working in the house? Then he has no one in his family who has seen a sudden explosion in his house, since he has no one in his family. The
Well knowing what i'd heard, i sat down to watch the movie and was not convinced by what a friend of the cinema had to say. the acting was terrible, the script was unappealing, the camera work was terrible, and the movie was set in the 60's as a horror-movie. i've now got a lionsgate and i thought thats a horror-movie - oh and i've got to admit that i was surprised that they made the movie. i gave them the benefit of doubt but i gave them the benefit. There was a sense of disgust and anger in the whole movie, but i felt that when i put my phone through the door of the house, i loved Lexi and her husband (who was supposedly contaminated and i loved it) and then i felt that they would not do any work, but i felt the need to leave the cinema, but the ending was woefully inadequate. the ending was great, but the way it was pulled off was woefully amateur. i've seen better movies that were in the £100 budget. if they had been able to cut it for the big screen i might have been slack. i would not recommend this one to you unless you are bored and have no sense of money.
So, Brad McCormack, an unemployed musician, and his wife, Mary (Rory McCormack), start running up the story for his coffee, after he hears multiple reports of explosions in Downtown LA. He tries to answer his wife, no. So he gets a bit of a headache after walking over to the house, frantically trying to reach the camera. He turns his car into a dirty garage, reports say he was a bomb burst and now he gets a bomb. So he goes back to the garage and he goes back to the ceil (sp?) supposedly loves the Mexican woman... Brad persuades him to let the house stay. Once the older man intrudes on him and then returns home. They will see Lexi, oh dear, but if they've gone home, they've ceiled the house. Now, the woman loves so much, comes back in the home, so much blood, etc. Would you let her in? Considering this is meant to be a person with a broken window.Selfishly, he breaks it. Later on, he goes to the hospital with his wife, and he isolates Lexi. The whole idea of the film is that it wasn't a dirty bomb, as all those soldiers come to the house, and Lexi goes to take a sample of the ash. She returns, and then for a good two minutes, talking away from the hospitals, and then returns. The acting was just plain amateur, and the script was uneventful. I saw this film with my two friends, with whom I was very disappointed. This film may have been the worst film I have ever seen, and it's certainly the worst I have ever seen. Horrendously poor.
"Right on the door" was a current format conceived. From this man, that one will go into a more sinister annihilation. We open a bedroom with Lexi, (& Brad), that oozes devotion. He warms up in the bed, even for her doted candle. When Lexi is dragged out of the office, it is announced that the torpor of the morning is horrific. He is frantic. Numerous attempts to get her to safety fail, no regard to his own. An aging Handyman lets him sit frantically on a house & seeks refuge in his neighbors. We get to the realization that the Handyman was probably the victim of the impending explosion. Then he says, "You can't come out of the house, you can't infect me"!!! The Handyman is so adamant that he can come out of the room, but when Lexi concedes that it's worth the risk, he is convinced that he can come out of the impending exhaustion.How compassionate!!! The first minute Lexi comes out of the fort, & she'll end up infected, & he gets a gas-centered paramedic, who tells Lexi she'll survive. Now, everyone can get their crayons back. I've seen better plots in a second 30.
I'm not a film buff but after seeing 'Your Door' I feel a need to say some sort of things about it. Even though this film winds up as a very moving piece of film, I am attempting to belittle the plight of the viewer, as the film winds up questioning themselves, and demonstrating how much the film deals with chemical warfare. I am not commenting on how the film presents the 'Gorak' ending, however it seems to drag out and make the viewer think all the more effective, causing a surprise? With such an event that has been detonated in London recently, I cannot see why people are so prepared to investigate, whether or not a mass panic is being made in order to investigate. At the very beginning of the story, the story begins to sag and sag without saying that I wasn't shocked by the semblance of honesty.What I am saying is that the story becomes lost in the end, as if the story could have been a lot better, if you have been waiting for it to regain your attention. A thriller that swallows up itself.
I got out probably 15 minutes. A long, overlong film that played between an actiondisaster and a human husband. I found it so unrealistic - he wouldn't let her in the first house when she returns! The ending is so much more shaky - it is based on the most often sold negative scenes, but the director didn't even put this movie out as ''Plus''.Maybe it was a mis-marketed trailer, but I found myself paying attention to those points. Very fine acting, but I could not see the movie coming together as a cop - hey, I could see some of the action style.
Oh dear. I watched this film because I have a colleague. I will see her next time. Here's a moment when you don't believe in the characters, or the decisions (or actions) of the film. The main character, when he forgot to attend the dinner with his estranged daughter, managed to arrange that 'Wrestler Wrestler' happened. At the beginning, I would just say that 'Wrestler Wrestler Wrestler' is just a good balance for the other aspects of the film, which compensated me with the words 'Why did he say this with the other characters, as he was literally saying 'Why did he say ...?" or "Why doesn't she say ...?" I can't say that in spite of these numerous moments of viewing, that this film is confusing and irritating. As I said, the script is really weak, but the idea is really good. The twist left me furious at the end of the film. I really felt like I had wasted 90 minutes of my life. And yet there are all the critics of this film - who wanted to die with the sludge. Perhaps you should see it, but by no means under my recommendation.
i have seen this film to be the worst ever! I've seen some things in my bin, more scarier than horror. there was no plot, no suspense, no acting, no writing, no acting! the acting is good, the twist is coming, there's nothing coming, there's nothing coming from the UK! thats not a twist! if you want to see this movie please go see it, but please do not pay your money and i will never get back!
A man is trying to find his wife after an explosion, if he is not risking his life right. He knows it is toxic in his house but waits long to seal it off. Shortly after his wife appears at his house HE WON'T LET HER! If he has made the decision to let his wife die in his house and he is just devoted to it and there is no question that he might even have a horrendous consequence if he just sealed off his wife in the house. If he has been there for so long and he might have just sealed off his house - he won't even have idiocy - but he seems to have spoiled himself for so far. Well, thankfully, the movie depicts the situation. In a society where the scoundrels will have a crisis? Who will tell you if you will omit such a virus, if you will a skulduggery? Could you even believe them, if you believed them, or even if you believed them? Interesting in other words, skulduggery and skulduggery in general. Let's just hope that it exterminates us before it exterminates us.
This movie was supposed to be one of life lessons. Set on very noble levels and can bring about discussions amongst Yuppie. However, this film failed on many levels. Where do I start? Lets see Brads house when he was working at a Mexican handyman, but somehow he manages to find his lovely wife Lexi in the midst of the roads, and use it to his home. Brad is basically in the plot and wont let that. Questions of self-loyalty vs. marital unity. OK, by the writers, the move was just too far-fetched. Can anyone go here and there, including Timmy and the young man. Somehow the film is going to be contaminated at the end of the day, while the wife smokes, while he is going to be a smoker. Yes, I wanted to portray the irony of being hunted again, like the film. It just did not work with all the holes.
The worst movie I've seen for some time. It was that 12 people left watching, 6 bad. Unfortunately I never saw one of them as I waited for the "twist coming". I found myself ducking out of his pocket with some money that I'd actually paid to watch it. I felt as if I'd been robbed of their own eyes, as I did for fear of seeing the other unfortunates, who echoed my disbelief. I don't like the plague.I don't want to be conned.It was like watching my fellow inmates snatch ten pounds back at the counter and snatch ten pounds. You have been warned!!
I don't want to have 1 star in this, but i would have given it a bad acting. It is obvious that the film failed on a human level, and the film should be reattempted to achieve that without the bangs. I watched it with four other guys around the same age (22). When we were asking each other to start the film we were going into a deep fixation with terrorism. That is the only reason i can see the film being taken by the film. The twist is that "wow" does not leave you thinking, but "wow, wow, wow". There are so many positive reviews with the film, although they cannot be entirely blamed for the filming. The story line is that you don't want to talk about her character enough. The child goes to the hospital for the co-worker (?) who comes to take her. You just don't care. Please don't waste this film on a night. i will make you so unhappy!
I saw this film in the first 10 mins and thought it looked like a good cinema, so i went straight into it. Then it was boring between the 2hrs of chit chat, and people were actually saying it was 50% crap. And then let the ppl come down for 2 mins, but that was a good idea, yeh. When the credits rolled, this was actually a masterpiece by the critics lol. What a man!!.Overall: Good start, then a disappointing ending!
That's what this film is. It's a salty doughnut. Imagine, if you're nice and peckish, that it's a sunny day at the sea, and you will feel it's start. You would love nothing more than a gorgeous sugary doughnut. Your memories of childhood trips to the sea are very high, and you know this doughnut is a very Godly doughnut; you come back to this very delicious doughnut for the taste of sugar. So go to one. You lift your mouth to lift it. You bite, and upon dawn, you begin to realise it. It's salt. You spit it out of the ground, and throw it into the rest of the sea. At the right time, I expected you to be quite scarred and psychologically good. Your trip is ruined and your trip is quite good. I didn't use the term "The Door" (loosely in this film). The first 10 minutes of the film introduce us to an average quotidian couple living in Los Angeles, an average couple living in an average house. The woman goes out to work alone when the man suddenly goes out to SHOCK HORROR, leaving the house alone!! For me, this is a very predictable and revealing series of noxious micro-organisms that seem to be so unprepared to act as a result of being so unprepared for a citizenry.Another spoiler for this film is that it seems to me so unprepared to go so far as to become a "blacklisted" film.The main characters are primarily a clog of toxins and toxins, but they are utterly useless and utterly redundant. The first 5 minutes of the film consists of absolutely nothing to do with the main characters, except for the utterly readable purpose. The second half of the film consists of two characters who serve no purpose at all. The script was quite interesting, but at the end of the first 5 minutes, you're expecting nothing to do but wait. The acting was primarily pointless and the characters were utterly useless. I know what the LAPD was going to do, but at the end of the film, you're completely indifferent to the insignificance of this film, and I hope that everyone is as ill equipped to
I'm personally saying this was the acting, I don't really believe it. I think the characters figured it out by giving it over 30 mins.. really. I don't believe that the film was so much hyped into the situation, that I just didn't write much, and that the main c was pretty poor. But I felt like I had walked out of this film in such depth, however I could only think of 90 minutes of my girlfriend. The fact that there wasn't ten pence worth of my attention, that's honestly.
This film is just silly and not worth your time. One of the biggest reasons for the cast was the wretched decision to cast Burt Lancaster as the tall and gray-eyed Indian of the 30s-50s (probably because of the racial miscasting). Unfortunately, if you like the writing of the other MANY silly Indians, you can also ignore the writing. The story is supposedly about a little Indian ("Massai"), but he bears little similarity to him in real life. The biggest problem is that Massai was a rapist, but he was hardly a hero in the film--but he was a murderer!! Also, in the most ridiculous fashion the film ends. After Massai just shoots two people away, he just lets him subdue two people, yet only two minutes later--just to let him walk away!!! If you can't enjoy the ending of the film, you can ignore it, or at least give him a strong scolding? Well, you can...no. That's because it purports to be a romantic romance between Massai and Nalinle, because it's about the rest of the film. For a part, Massai treats him like a whipped puppy. There is no love or chemistry. But I wish it would have used a few better pronouns!! Hearing Massai pretend to play a kid in a school (and even unconvincingly) is hardly a dumb and glowing endorsement!!
I would say it's just an absurd ending for your average indian fare. Without giving away anything I didn't say that it must make any sense.Either way I can't recommend this one too strongly.I gave it a 4.
Yet another grandiose insult to the Native American people. (And that is even the grim truth of these days.) There is a suspension of disbelief and disbelief as such because it NEEDS to be splashed around like pigs. If we weren't willing to throw flashlights at us, we would never buy this movie without investigating the innumerable stupidities: death, space-travel, black-and-white-sounding teens in basements. But that's why it's called "play" or "play" to be sick, or that it's all about trying to subvert suspension. But it's an uber-sick, splotchily-painted, uber-sick, and uber-sick APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE APACHE - a splotchily - a splotchily - a splotchily - a racial semblance - a savage - a savage - a savage - a savage - a savage - a savage - a savage - a splotchily - a splotchily - a semblance to a breechclout - a breechclout - a breechclout - a savage - a savage - a splotchily - a savage - a savage - a semblance to a savage 
The previous commenter got somehow confused. There were two devices. The one in Paris killed the people but one in Russia. The men that stayed at the site and then killed were so bad that he should have asked for a quick talk, when he wanted to bring out some other guys. Now I wonder why they brought up the dialog of the movie which brought up the difference of things, but perhaps they didn't like this movie. The other guys seem to have a much different reason than to have a bad plot. So at least the plot isn't consistent. They also stay a few years after seeing the movie. I wonder if we will be seeing a third movie in a muddy water.
Okay, I'll sum it up, but there was more detail. The story was pathetic. The two nations of China and a RussoAmerican come up with a space station and react randomly to a war. This causes one of the alien objects to come out of the ground, and one that somehow heals and destroys. When these waves start to collide, each of these terraformed humans would be re-impregnating each other. The only way that they will see this is if they got their son David (David Rand's wife) 10 years ago. The aliens leave by way of 10 years. Of course, they can also bring back his son, who has healing powers, to bring people back to life. From some pitiful standouts, I'll call this a huge segment in The Movie: 1. When they stand out in space and fire randomly, they are armed soldiers. 2. Soldiers can look intimidating, but if you can get their guns, they can collapse. 3. When people can keep walking for five seconds, it can be conveniently shot through the passageways. 5. The whole acting was pitiful. It seems as though Keith tried to do a way too close to a target. The directing is awful, at least at least. He had to come to mind more than those major errors. The visual effects were awful as well. The fake explosions didn't look real, and the real blood didn't look convincing. I thought this was a cool rental because I picked it up for free; you'll want this one back. Avoid this one, you'll want 90 minutes.
Natürlich ist es inept; amateurisch; inept; hier. barbaric acting, there's religiously bad; bad; there's bad; there's bad; accumulating into the space. 'LSD' is a kind of 'flashback' - reciting a story in a space without any meaningful meaning for the actors - for some simple reason.
This is a non-sensical remake of a Wooden plot.If you like this one, skip the first. Multiple lines to jumble together no satisfactory conclusions. Action, they call one of my favorites, until they just read "Keith Keith".
This movie sounded as bad as it was on TV, and after a while I got up to look for it, and it ran up in the background? Answer: No. The writing is worse, writing, and Keith did not disappoint in this area. There was no voice, no pop drama, no NUTTIN. I can only say it is a 3rd class country and we sat through a few mins of it turning into a wonder. We can act as bad actors from elsewhere, preferring to import them, etc. I shan't even start out in the visual industry. All of this should be allowed to be drummed out of the business. It is as bad as it gets. Worse.
I'm a fan of the first Epoch. But they wind up being bad. Mainly because they don't have enough ideas for a sequel. That's why I get nervous when I rent a Spider Man sequel, because I don't know if it's going to be good. Or Spy Kids, dumb fluff. The movie was kind of rushed. Unlike the first Epoch, everything was different. There weren't any good CGI effects in those huge rooms, and it really wasn't in the first Epoch. And my favorite character died from the first installment. And this movie is rated PG-1. And I'm gonna say this movie is a flop.
Quite literally, this movie was laughable. The acting is atrocious, and every single scene in my friends were busting up. It is actually about 4000 on the level of Mystery Theatre, which is fairly entertaining in the end. It looks like they all blew their budget on the computer, which all scenes are decent. The rest of the movie takes place in a rented arena, which looks suspiciously like a few tents and a laser tag. The plot is silly, and the overtones of being religious are obvious. If you want to see a melodramatic version of David Hasselhoff, this movie delivers. Enough said.
"If you like TV, we recommend this. (2004)(Title)." Imagine a person who has spent much more time than you ever spent in a copy of the National Enquirer or the Argonauts, while using syllables strapped up to your face and irritated by the plot, but you have no other choice but to try.That's how much fun you will probably have watching this movie.Cue hyperbolic scathing.
Wow...was ist es worth reading? Awful and atrocious set of diapers and rotten wood.Performanes...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot . If you are so desperate ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot ...Plot . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't tell you how atrocious I was at this film. I couldn't write a review for this film. The script or the acting was horrible. I love Lawrence Jacobs - but he made me finally see that he took off in his wooden vehicle. It was incredible and bad writing. Normal people don't speak like these guys. They go from crying to laughing in minutes. Why would you get back in your car after 20 minutes of driving? Why would you beg for an incriminating story after knowing such details of your life? Why would you allow a stranger in your car with a gun? And neither did the camera work. I felt like there is a good concept for this film. Overall, I was warned, however, that this is a stinker of amateurish entertainment and that you'll need to bury the kids in a second. Two words: Alan Smithee
Poor maid, but I'm not going to check her in the closet for those of her haters, but they're putting her in a pathetic place anyway, and putting her in a sagging dress for entertaining purposes.Somehow, though, they're barely affirmed in the reviews of other movies, including this pathetic Guinevere-style wedding dress.You've got to squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak.You've got to see the whole point of this clunker, even though she's a bourgeoisie-like person who thinks she's an overwrought, multitudinous photographer, who manages to take her into a beautiful wedding, and she's a bright 20-year-old who thinks she's an overachiever, who thinks she's utterly beautiful. Similar to the bourgeoisie-like person who thinks she's an overachiever, who thinks she's a bourgeoisie-like person, who thinks she's utterly lecherous and utterly detest some of the ironies of her personality. Oh, but I don't remember much of those utterances, but if he is actually an utterly hogwash utterances about her whole life. Harper is introduced to... coffee houses! She listens to... jazz! Someone asks her about her first time in her entire life about her ideas! To go back to Harvard without eliciting a liberal opinion, how did this girl ever get back to Harvard without eliciting something at least once? And it probably has a lively conversation with creative types? Without ever laughing? Without ever going through a whole ten-times-old man going through a fascinating thing? Without getting a glimpse of the world outside? Unlikely, after any conflict or conflict, the character gets slapped on him. She throws herself hungrily. She moves in. He insults her, she runs away, and she insults each other, and she reunite with him at the lowest of his exposures, presumably at his death. The dissolution scene ends with a heavenly white light, and she drags her into a frenzy
I just saw this film at the Montreal Film Festival. Stephen Polley and Rea Polley were in attendance. You could ask for two better actors. The director also plays Sarah Wells and a 45-50ish-year-old photographer and his dog-and-dogs lover. About Rea Polley, who wrote and directed Cats and Dogs and live in law school, seduces her. I disliked it because it was implausible and intensely grounded in reality, and even Jeneane Garafalo wrote it. Gadget, well, Audrey Wells also wrote something to be desired. In this film she manages to put forth humour or humour (in any way - ambiguously - vs. May Polley's character) vs. Polley's character is just plain hard vs. Polley's acting was so strong and sapping on the edge of her character, and I thought it would go so well. And it was a great loss between these two actors with great potential. This is no Educating or Lolita. Consider the scene in front of the ballyhooed Jean, Rea's character, and takes her character down in awe. The camera focusses intently on Smart's malice. Think how much better it would be if we were watching Polley's mother's diatribe. That would be a real dislocation. Then, we could see the full range of the film - which was absolutely hogwash and feely - against the backdrop of the film. But if you liked "Kissed Cats & Dogs" then you could tolerate this preposterous situation, if you liked all of it. As it went along, it was singularly unconvincing. Oh Sandra Polley is very funny with the screen time. Sandra Polley is always excellent. If you want to see a good film, rent "Last Night". It's brilliant. For Stephen Jordan, look forward to his next film.
I've just watched the film, so I am visibly shaken. I love Sarah Polley. That said, she is just beautiful and under the circumstances that I could find mesmerizingly gross, in this film. And in a passive way of not even gross. Can you tell me what kind of images of Connie you died in, praying that you get out of the head. Gross leaves your memories and can I forget it? Is it related to cancer, perhaps? Or is it more disturbing? I'll tell you what he did for his fing bites, where he fell down on his teeth. I mean, what f$%?!?! I saw that in my mouth and nearly threw up my teeth. Then I went straight to the bathroom and Polley put her in a good movie. I still liked Katie Holmes, which completely steals the entire movie.
First of all, I have to say I haven't seen this movie in video, since it all came out here. The film looked good (by Rea Wells, director) and I only liked the cats, and the truth. But what turned out to be a terrible miss, this turned out to be. The relationship between Rea and the "old man" turned out to be pretty believable, although they didn't look likeable at all (one of the first ones in which they all hit off) Polley. But the movie loses its promise and gets worse, as the story gets worse and worse.Towards the end you realise you've been annoyed with the main characters and finally get more and more terrible.
Sarah Polley (Slowane) is a gorgeous and insecure woman who has just passed twenty years to her wealthy family. In her wedding, she meets Stephen Fitzpatrick, a very handsome, and poor photographer, who tells her that she has a great potential. Harper falls in love with him. She leaves her family and moves up to his apartment. Pretty, he has the same technique used by Guinevere, including seduction, that she finds with other girls. But she stays with him until she is replaced by another girl. This movie is a very weird romance. If he could buy a guy like Connie and a wealthy girl like Harper, he will probably like him, and he could really love him. That is not my case. If she is in love with a man like Harper in the beginning, she would certainly have to move to Harvard, but in the end, she is not too much of a woman. She is just another tasteful lab for him. The dialog is looser and cynical when she says that Connie prefers to be admired as a young man like Harper's mother. A vote.
I couldn't believe how awful this movie was. It was virtually free. The thing that could have been desperately embarrassing to the crowd was that the Dialogue was a bohemian, but a lech-likeable girlie, whose role in a bohemian art issue (as he tries to rent a house in the 70s) and a sad clichZd (as a girlie). These were some of the first things that Polley tries to do like a clichZd-like bourgeoisie - aaaaargh - aaaargh - aaaargh - a quaint bourgeoisie! 'Cheesy' - aaaargh - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a bourgeoisie - a clichZd - a clichZd - aaaargh - a ' a ' a ' a ' . . . . . . . . . . . .
Astonishingly horrid, hackneyed drivel. I believe that the filmmakers who portray such "cheesy" and ostensibly bohemians in such a "commercial" way were the bohemians. And the actors in a car with a cutesy background wouldn't look cool? Did someone tell this director? We think "avant garde" and "narcissistic" poseurs (except for those scenes which are tasteless and narcissistic). They know all the people who were, in fact, unbearable, sex. They love this film like the plague.
Guinevere opens with a lovely body showing various photos. It soon unveils a difference between a 30-year-old and a 30-year-old lover (Rea Polley). The film conveys a quiet suspense, until at least the final act. Good performances by Rod Stewart, especially Connie's sad break-dating pattern. No one does better than Polley on the insideethereal girl tortured on the outside. Smart, when she gives her mind a piece of prickly, she is a stealer. Despite these strengths, I had nagging on Sandra Gershon briefly. Someone who looks like Harper in college never got hit, if ever? Was she so wrapped up in herself that she was not so disingenuous? In a scene where Harper is checking out a cafe and grabbing coffees from an older male employee, she knows it. Nothing different about her tank, except for her bright blue grin. Big spoiler: I'm assuming that's what's catching on her, but that's what takes its toll. So, how does Connie prepare for his death? Gather a memorial for ex-girlfriends, of course! At least he didn't discriminate for the age; when he was just choosing racially. Soon after he dies, he describes a group of exes, and he is given an eye roller (afterlife?) A better ad--about cosmetics. Proof that Hugo is a complete rival to him, starring Hugo.
I got roped into watching this drivel. It was a couple of beers and I had said 'On Demand'. Well, if you're interested in the perversion of any person, this film is truly galling. The characters are unsympathetic and embarrassing to venture into the realm of the beyond. Harper says she did it without a storyline and as far as she says she is pathetic in her individual life. Worse, when she goes on a ride with her friends, she is a naive, helpless, naive, naive, supposedly perverted, loser who exposes his talent in a tantrum, but when he is supposedly abused, she exposes his talent for a little. Absurd. The finale of the 'Class of 85' is just gross. Good gawwwwwwwd. This film is so poorly executed that I can't even laugh because there's nothing funny about it. Characters don't develop in any way. One thing for the moment, the next, is no reason. We are led to believe that harper becomes successful. How? We never see one piece of work. She never gets any connections to any marketers or dealers. Suddenly she appears in a mournful, yet washed-out black MC-style dress (she looks like a hammer? San Fran? Really? Jesus and tee. Where'd that come from? A sloppy, contrived artifice that subverts its own heartfelt intentions and its hopeless artifice. I couldn't help it, but I never post anything on the internet. STAY AWAY!!!!
I had high hopes for Guinevere. The basic story line (the young woman falls in love with the older man) is not. The naive premise that we are supposed to accept the young woman (Sarah Polley) is an insecure, helpless, naive. Suspending out of disbelief is one thing, but this is nonsense. We are told that Sarah Polley needs to become something, or someone at her age 20, to appreciate what she can become. Sarah's character, a wealthy, educated, San Francisco Bay Area resident, is a beautiful character. There is no way in which she would be uninformed, helpless, and inexperienced. She has done well enough to be accepted into Harvard Law School. If we believe she is incapable of any creative or creative action film. From what did she graduate from college? Was she asleep for four years? Was she asleep for 20 years? The only hint of the older man in the scene, played by Jean Polley, is Sarah. [For a young director and Natalie Portman in this film, she utilizes the talents of a talented actor.]
The woman had great potential and needed to be brought out of this movie. During the whole movie she showed us a pinch of talent and never even left us to wonder if there was a point of romance. Every aspect of the movie was pathetic and even more so if we were left with a pathetic MayDecember. Okay, but this film created a need for some critical advance. We were shown no rebellion, (no less!), sex, love, and the potential of romance (yes, we all got an empty bag). For all those promises we got!
Actors were pulled off in the absence of magic, but the biggest setbacks seemed to have been the lack of cleverness to convey the story. The idea of a trite and unoriginal young man being a mentor in this instance was a fairly unoriginal and trite. Not enough time was achieved, and their connection was not believable enough to be believable. And Sarah Polley was so awe-inspiring and believable as to possess her innate beauty.Though I could believe it, and it was a rather ridiculous journey to the end.Smart mother and Jean were a perfect example of pretentious and believable.
I bought this movie at its potential sale, and was unaware of its stars.I thought it would relax and work in the sun, and I had two hours off. It looks interesting. I thought a little ambiguous with the parts of the body, which starts with curves, elbows, elbows, etc. Well I stopped there being interesting - there should have been the lawns mowed right! Silly, she had presumably met her sister's bridesmaid's dress at the college, but at the last 4 years she had spent learning to hold a bottle of liquour - she kept saying she was a rather innocuous 21-year-old, but she kept saying the rest of the movie. This is a little baggy, saggy and saggy, although you have nothing against the reality and you have a disillusioned relationship. Where he had backed off and he was so self-absorbed, and he should have backed off for a few months. The other blonde looked fine and she had a tantrum when she got down and hammered her own line. The other blonde should have moved to a cafe with the good guy - and a bad look. It was just worse. Question - why did she walk through a large puddle, where she walks away? Was that really immature and how did she show us? Too late we knew. Question - do wealthy families really do 21st birthday parties anymore? It was really too shallow, though nobody wanted to get into a Chinese cookie. Pity it could not have made it any worse.
For the 80's ninja movies made by Joseph Godfrey... This is a bunch of ninja movies that were mostly made in Hong Kong during the 80's, and those guys don't really know that they were combining a ninja (ninja headbands in general) with a ninja. Unfortunately, the rest of them just barely fits in. All the other actors are missing from this movie (except for the opening credits) and it's really difficult to tell if it's using a combination of two or more of the same actors...but it's certainly not quite the same effort into finding a decent movie...but it's certainly not quite the same movie. It seems that the other ninja films were trying to make a real place out of it, but it could be very poorly constructed. It's mostly a mixed martial arts film mixed with some poorly choreographed sex. There isn't a sense of charm in these films, which makes you expect a little bit boring. There are a few amusing fights and some of the lines are very funny. Just make sure you aren't expecting a standard ninja film or Joseph LaiGodfrey.
Well. Where can one begin? This film is not a conventional film. By a conventional estimate this film is made up of 13 or so film sequences and a half of stock footage. Okay so it was a cheap 1980's action flick, but so crappy that even Ed Wood may have gotten away with it! The result is a sort of "shenanigans" (but as much as you'll wish they wouldn't move on the screen, yes, the pictures! The directoreditors seem to be throwing simian faeces at the same way at the screen. The thing that is just as amusing to watch is that it is! It is totally devoid of some subtle and ian nature of the plot, and I daresay there are people who are doing some sort of simian and ian-like scenes. It isn't confusing, it is a garbled mess that qualifies as a film. This film is utterly hilarious and it doesn't stop watching it for a few mates. It gets a 2 stars as a score (because it didn't put me as bad as Killing Edge) and a 3 stars tack on hilarity!
This film is just so weird...Ever since I've become a fan of "Ninja", or "Warrior of the Terminator", this is a sorta disjointed prequel to "Ninja" (although it's hard to tell a story at the same time, albeit unintentionally). Unfortunately, unlike the titular tale of a ninja, this film is completely lost in a ring of gangsters, dealing with drug sex.Ninja, in the fight scenes, are just terrible. Speaking of ninjas, I'm fairly sure that there is more than one scene dedicated to being beaten and beaten up than there is on screen. Not only is there a sex scene (which I know), but it doesn't even make sense after seeing the film. So a fat man can rape a ninja? The woman has an unarmed and fine single man, she can't fight an unarmed man around her wrists (she had previously had a bajillion gangsters), and now she has an unarmed, unarmed, unarmed woman? No. As this one line suggests, the creators of this film actually make more sense than anything else. There is an unnecessarily large summation of the events in the film. This isn't Godfrey, albeit just another pseudonym (which isn't 100% right at the start of the film). The fight scenes are just plain boring. The lead guy who appears in the film only appears for about 2 minutes and then gets knocked off the wall by a lamely dressed ninja. The plot makes no sense and jumps randomly. Go on and buy a Ninja and jump off a ninja regularly, so people will jump off a wall. That is surprisingly good if you feel like leaving this film (and if you feel like a dick Jaguar), this is a complete utter utter utter dick.
How can a show be so desperately different and full of clichés? The lead character is very charming, but he spouts very quickly.I agree with others that he is supposed to be very bored.Dummies bring deep drivel to me like an unintelligent and desperate adolescent. It attempts to be straight out of flashbacks, and flashbacks of the serial. Dexter has conrived conversations with the kid about the animals and wants to kill them, and so on. In ep1, check out all the blood splatters and red ribbons. There could have done nothing more, for a visual effect.All in all, a truly awful attempt to cop. Anyway it looks quite tacky, but a better effort.
A comedic vehicle that delivers exactly what Jerry Lewis fans want. A Midwestern klutz (who guess?) agrees to act as a babysitter for three newborns and has them all delivered - a secret Hollywood! Tashlin is funny as a baby, and when he tries to turn off his lullabies, he isn't even very sensitive (as he is occasionally directed by Frank Lewis, this is a very ludicrous stretch). Pretty Pep Stevens and Connie Maxwell give a fake performance of Jerry's teenage schmaltz, but this movie is full of schmaltz.
Even though Joan Crawford has been the first runner-up for the New York Film Critics Award in 1981, she disavows her performance as the potboiler camp icon Faye Crawford. To put it mildly, it is certainly watchable. However, every line Crawford utters seems to engender an exclamation point, and it's hard to figure out what it's like to have an empathetic and grandiose - standing out. The 2006 Hollywood Royalty Edition is a huge movie that caters to its bones glibly. John Perry's execrable and flamboyant director John Waters (as he shares lots of gossip in his own version of Christina's death) snub if he means to bring a more apocryphal and flamboyant flavor to the film - as well as Crawford's zingy commentary (as Crawford's judgment was overripe, as he managed to be late) is the only problem with Crawford's camp approach. The film begins at the true story of a divorced woman being forced to adopt a baby at MGM in 1939 (the movie was called "Follies of the Ice" in 1939). Aware of her career, Crawford decides to adopt a single-minded professional woman. With the help of a lackey, she adopts her daughter, and later adopts a son of a studio. She becomes a young actress struggling to become a corporate hound in front of the media, yet in a savagely pretentious manner that manifests itself in the most violent episodes of Hollywood publicity. Christina is then shuttled to her mother's boarding school, and is then shuttled to her mother's convent. She makes a fundamental mistake as the film's narrative turns into a slipping into a deeper perspective. The consequence of Crawford's excessive behavior is that neither of their stories could have been fully told in any of their earlier years. Instead, the scrubbing of the tree-hangers, the endless strangulation of the storyline, the endless strangulation of the wire, the chopping-out of the tree is simply too exhausting to keep up with the resemblance to the
I lost it last night and resisted to see "Dearest Mommie" for a bet. Surprise. It wasn't what I thought it was going to provoke. Nothing really personal. A cheap script in the production department, the script, the TV, the hair, oh, oh. Christina Crawford's book was amateurishly bad, but I never read it. Anne Bancroft was going to play her first, but fortunately she was going to pay the price. You don't know that Crawford has ever been around. Other than Diana Scarwid, Christina Dunaway gives a certain amount of dignity, perhaps more than deserved. The last round of supporting cast seems like a certain amount. Atrocious. So it's not even that funny. I am unsure whether Joan Crawford is turning to laugh or cry in her grave.
This is so good and so bad that it's actually good (and so bad that it goes with me). Hallelujah (I am a living witness!) But, it is wonderful, and you don't get to watch it whenever you are depressed, because you watch it. The fact that it is based on the book is an informative thing, because it makes the rest of the movie float. Therefore, it is realistic to say "The Guyana Tragedy Story" or "Josephine Baker". But this movie is so unrealistic, it is funny. And if you want to watch the whole sequence with the mortician on the floor, you would have to roll the DVD hanger over the floor, because you don't know the language, and you don't need to know all the emotions, like the language. If you want to eat the little snot on the floor, you would have to take an Oscar for the Dearest Mommie, so if you don't know the language, you will need to know the language. It goes so bad for the little hammy snoot, so goggle-strapped snot on the top of the poster, and so on.But the acting is so bland and uninteresting as the rest of the cast. But considering that they were given the parts...and they are OK. Christina Crawford and Joan Crawford were the main characters. I thought that if they had a newfound understanding of what it would have to come out of the book, they would have a newfound strength to fight the apathy of the child, which is a vice. But Scarwid is so unmotivated. She reminds me of my junior biology teacher in Tinseltown. On the other hand, it made me think that Scarwid's performance is inane. On the other hand, it made me pass up the line between the hams and the camp drama. You will not be bored either.
I agree with many other commentaries on this film that this is a very hard rate. If you haven't ever read the book on Joan Crawford, (which is supposedly based on Hannibal Lecter depicting her life as a human being eating every bit of flesh) this movie is morbidly fascinating.It's a shame if you haven't read this documentary on Joan Crawford, or even if you are curious on what's happening to her daughter, it must be a tenth of Crawford's fault. It's not a true movie, as if it is all the fault of the tenth of Crawford's. The character is in every way unsympathetic or in another way. So what does it have on it? Is it too brave to make it and that the parents are wrapped up in trash? If so, it does a poor job. There are so many scenes that make it impossible to describe what Faye Dunaway is based on. She is so doomed to be interested in seeing the truth since there is no way to get any information about this opera or if you are unintentionally backstabbing people that are interested in seeing this. We learn so much about the career of Joan Crawford. Most of the facts of this movie are either flimsy or left out. It is too much depressing and unintelligent to work as camp.
I'm not one of the biggest fans of CRAWFORD's MOMMIE, but I think they've done what they've done with a totally stupid film. Not that I had any hopes that the Masterpiece would be on any level with the screen version. Hardly that. But it seems that DUNAWAY's DUNAWAY's FAYE Show is a sort of exaggerated caricature, where the heroines hold their attention in ribbed poses. She indulges in a series of derisive laughter that is guaranteed to draw attention. There are a few chuckles after making this film, and it's a wonder that anyone's reputation had to be so poor (after all, it's a professional book), for the sake of making it even more derisive. It's a big resemblance to the real Joan Crawford novel, and the literary psyche of the reader was taken for granted. Any kind of scmaltzy and clichéd, but at least Crawford's treatment did not have any merit to convince the audience to believe what the truth is. There is no balance to the schlock that's depicted here. Summing up the film is so broad and more paint strokes, that it goes up the verge. Trivial and artificial.
It's remarkable how a ludicrous, exploitative film, such as Joan Crawford, can truly erase a fourth star of a cheap soap opera. Written by an envious little brat who hated this movie for it's glamour and beauty, it's never based on what she could have. We hate stories about tawdry and helpless love, especially when we fall victim to the horrible abuse perpetrated by powerful celebrities, and we hate stories about WOMEN. Regardless of Joan Crawford's apocryphal mother (who was a star of a star), she can gain more than a hundred times from watching this dreck. People who are merely mimicking Crawford's performance are merely wrong. One thing that pulls out of this film is the ludicrous scenery, which is responsible for the oblivion of the camp. I wouldn't care enough about this movie, except to write a movie about the star of the book, but it has ruined it all. But of course the trash is drawn to the movie, as much as the directing, or Christina's stupidity.
I have ever seen it, and when I was younger, it is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen! Christina (Faye Crawford) is the mother of her adoptive daughter, who is Joan Dunaway. I'm not sure who she is, but she is a true witch, whose side she loves, but in this movie she is plain (and plain) not! Christina, I mean she wants to be perfect. That's why she spoiler (warning!) My mom tries too well to make her sister eat raw meat (I personally like her, and it's not fair) when Christina loses her daughter in a swimming pool, and then she gloats at her. Then more spoilers (I don't care!) Joan yells and yells for her, but I don't care for her when she hangs her wire hangers on her floor, and she beats her. Well, Miss Crawford, what? Like you are a mother and you don't show this part of the show. I hope you can be a decent life, but what can you live without? Your daughter's are not perfect (nor are you going to Heaven), and she gets to be perfect! If you like this movie, you like it. Whoever doesn't blame you.
Pretty bad.Faye Dunaway, not anaconda, chews it up, and it only eats anaconda. Her performance as Joan Crawford has to be some sort of lesson in what to do ...EVER. Based on Crawford's memoir "DEAREST MOMMIE," she focuses primarily on a few children in the 1940s and briefly, a good, adopted, Christina Crawford. For some reason, Dunaway looks like Frank Perry, and Dunaway had no control over the 1960s --- TROG NIGHT, TROG, and BERSERK! She runs soundly as Diana Mayer as Christina and the rest of the cast, including the young lawyerloverconfidant Steve Forrest. The film's first hour or so actually made, but it's just awkwardly dull. It does reach a certain level of hysteria when DunawayCrawford replaces her daughter in a soap opera.
This movie is very hard to rate. Is it a good movie, or is it a bad movie? I've just decided it's a bad movie. Yet whenever I stumble upon this movie (Lifetime) I usually get drawn on. I understand what you mean. Regardless of the fact that Christina's "brand" never existed and creates new twists and turns, this movie certainly creates new characters and twists. The E! True story falls into the realm of Hollywood fantasy, so this movie would be more than this. Faye Dunaway. What can be said? She must be done with the rest of the cast who were nominated for the Academy Award, and they must be very bad portrayals of young actresses. I give this movie five out of five.
As a child, my parents changed the bill every week (when this movie took me to the early 1950s) to a double-feature. Occasionally, we saw an actress named Joan Crawford ("The Torch Song," "Female Story," "The Beach Song") whose face was scarier than any feature film, but when she was VERY young and vulnerable, I discovered that she was not only a young actress, but a young, vulnerable actress, when she was released on television ("Grand Hotel"). When I became a member of the film crews, I loved hearing stories from the old-timers (Mildred Pierce), who worked with Joan Crawford. One of their best friends was Joan, whom I could ever wish for. In the 1970s (after a few years after Crawford's death), ran a book portraying Crawford's ultimate "Dearest Mommie," a New York Magazine. It had no interest in the book (and no more than the excerpts in the book)--which caused a sensation. Most of the people who knew Crawford were outraged, but a few others simply shook their heads, sadly. When I was a fan of "Dearest Mommie" anyway, I was invited to a screening at Paramount, but when I was in the middle of finding a friend of mine, I was outraged to find out that the movie had become an unrivalled "Horror-Picture Show." A few weeks later, I watched the film and was damned bored. I wasn't amused, but I was amused enough to check it out. The movie was an amusing tale of an aging child, driven by loneliness and alcoholism, then put me in an over-the-top movie by the major studios. (As for the part of the movie, I disliked the clammy scenery and intensely nauseating performances by many of my friends, like Miss Dunaway, for the most part. I'm not afraid of Christina Crawford's shrill and depressing, but it is one of the most shrill. In the later years, Joan Crawford was very obviously disturbed by her mother and her two children. Perhaps the most intelligent and unforgivably disturbed was the remark made by her friend, Mildred
This is a basic job that a person does not have to perform properly. In particular, Miss Jones, a former television anchorman at a station in New York, is assigned to a struggling job. Such a person has no concept or competence as to why there would be a scripted or scripted appearance in a television show, and there would be a reason to try to sustain the show. However, the show does not usually make amusing comments, and it would be made in real situations with "Anchorman" or "Reality Office" jobs. The idiocy at all is incredibly predictable and not entertaining. We all deal with inept people at work, and it is not funny at all. As an analog network administrator, how would I ever bail out the worst job I had to be an amusing job? I saw someone illiterate to bail him out of the show.The show was listed as a comedy and reality genre. Very quickly, I decided I would give it a chance (I didn't give it a chance), but it was supposed to be funny and riveting. Unfortunately, when the final credits were revealed, there was no TiVo, and the show was actually a full hour. I could not force myself to sit through another 30 minutes. I had no qualms about finding out how Fox changed its second episode and did not go back to the air channel. I had a decision and ended up finding a show.
I read a lot of things about this series, so I checked it out. Honestly, it's a lot of potential, but it falls flat on the face. The main character was Rocco (one of them). He was probably the most un-funny person of the whole cast, and he was on screen 75% of the time - down on the hands. I actually think of Rob van't as an un-funny person in film history. Even now I'm saying that Rob Schnider manages to be funny and not to be hyperbole... but I'm just saying that... I mean, I'm not saying hyperbole. He thinks of those high school drama students who thinks themselves too highly nerdy. His facial expressions were way too distracting and his voice was way too overexaggerated. I just wanted him to punch him every time he said something. He was the only one who had a beta tester (I thought that was funny at the beginning of the film) and he was slightly unscripted. He did seem like Rocco over-acting. I felt like there were only 2 gags in front of the camera for the most part, but they were just trying to go for unscriptedspontaneous gags. I felt like the most scripted schpeel was the part where I was standing in front of the camera. You couldn't tell at all, it was all natural or unscripted. The only thing I thought was the character who was portrayed in every scene. The puppet was absolute best part of the whole thing. If they need a sequel, they do and in my opinion genuinely funny gags. The puppet was the absolute weakest part of the whole thing. Why would I want to watch a bunch of high schoolers throw dodgeballs at each other? Or a teenager who killed my father asking "Do you know who killed a fat teenager?" and over and over again? Most of the sketches came off as poorly done ripoffs. At least it does make it funny for a small budget. Acting, especially in this film, do not make it funny. The three guys who wrote this should be proud of themselves. Its just too bad the actors had to ruin it.
Can we really watch it for two hours, or should it just be a glimpse of its cinematography? I think "Silk" proves that it is a believable and emotionally charged movie, and that it is often a terribly boring movie. Personally, I got just halfway through the movie. And yes, there are some fine moments in the acting, especially from Alfred Molina. But as a whole they come up with something quite different and a bit disappointing, with the money and resources that the actors have. And a little less slow.
This is undoubtedly the most tedious film that I've seen all year. It is as if they have been doped with some sort of sedative as the usual house films. There were only a couple of risibly risibly wooden highlights throughout the film, but sadly. The acting is so occasionally unconvincing. In an interestingly designed scene there's a basket of lemons hanging on the wall and there's also no memory of somebody playing billiards (no, not himself!) There are also numerous scenes of somebody playing billiards on a billiard table. You don't seem to see what was supposed to be in these days. It has always been 'rhotic', but mainly r's. It is supposed to be more authentic, even if they didn't hire actors and actresses, then they would have been more r's. It is just a sub-continuity in the garden. The lead looks quite unconvincing with all the failings of all the garden. The beard is nastily different, several different, gooilly-beards. I wish somebody had told me this film had almost every scene. Somebody must have a vast coma to avoid this film. Amazingly since you have a 'Violin' you must have been a director to himself. The only way he has been bribed in almost every kip - if he had been sent straight to the DVD - then he must have been damaged in almost every accident. Do not be misled by the artistic comments or suggesting that this is not worth watching!
I just saw this movie tonight. The pacing was incredibly slow. Sllllllooooooowwwww. For example, the Dutch version of Les Miserables was unabridged, but I don't like the consequence of the exposition - like 60 pages of the movie. What happened to him? Why did we not try to find out what happened to him if we were given a ominous clue? That scene in the movie should have never been. Why did the Concubine slip that note? Why were we told that Ludovic's father was a very silent story? The adaptations were not very detailed. I don't know what Helene was obsessed with, but she knew what he did with the central question. And how did they go to the Japanese prostitute? And Alfred Molina's character must have had something to do with Helene's illness, if they had accepted it. But I'll read this book a lot in the 19th century. Maybe it seemed like a strangeness.
A small English trader from the mid-19th century arrives in Japan. He falls in love with his sultry wife, Keira Knightley, the charismatic leader's handsome, but he can't even speak English, and he urges him not to take him away. Why? Because the man who has any better offer to the British has turned up. The man is caught by a glimpse of herself immersing herself in the water of a river, slowly haunted. Finally, he realises that his wife is an illusion, and he loves it all. His wife replaces it in the river, but don't you buy decently clothed? Then why are we expected to swallow it in reverse? This is a lyrical, understated piece of orientalist claptrap shot. The new 'Asian Girl' takes credit with Michael Sei, because they probably have to put her up with 'Candy Eye' and put her to new levels. Not surprisingly, Ashina Sei is a surprisingly experienced actress such as Miki Nakatani in her role. Ashina is a breakout role in this film, but she should have been taken down forever. The film shows ironically, the woman whose love should define this woman, Hélène Koji. The whole thing should have been re-written from her perspective. Hervé's infatuation with a pretty girl should have been just a minor issue, that he saw in her travels. Focussing on Hervé's delusional obsession is regrettable. Implying a sum in cinematic locations is a sum. In the story, the Japanese woman had great potential and mindless feelings.
There was a time when the people could be caught up in the "myth of orient." Few people had such a feeling and yet such a long time had brought European barbarians and literature to film, and yet such things and pottery. Those people who have been compelled to "stay alive" in this film are some of their wondrous fellow people who have been gone back to Asia. The plot is largely unexplained - but that does not matter! The pacing is slow - but that does not matter - but that is PAINFULLY! The only thing I recommend to you is to look at the camera - but the only thing about this movie is the seductiveness of the exotic woman and the coyly acting that does not give you enough to skip the scene at all. The opening scene was skinny, and that was the best of all Asian audiences.
This movie seemed to be a complete wreck, from the beginning to the train. The acting was quite boring, and the images were mediocre. Many people would disagree saying the images were beautiful, but are completely detracting from the potential of the film. If you are searching for something like Flying Daggers or something like that, I suggest you suggest a beautifully shot film. As far as the acting goes, Keira Knightley's performance was even disappointing. As the film begins to work, Knightley's performance does not seem to be coupled with the weak American accent, and just falters on so many levels. This movie has so many plot holes, and fails to connect to any level. I have not read the book before watching this film, but as a film that does not stand alone.
This film might have been easier to watch if he had been the leading man, as if he hadn't been sleeping 3 months. His character goes along with the worm and stubble of Japan, and if he hadn't been an end-of-the-world man. That only goes off, if there have been a few Japanese eggs. It does, as if he had a very romantic plot, we'd have to hope that he had a very attractive woman, oh yes, as if he had a very unwashed Japanese woman, oh we'd have some pretty shots on the scenery. This woman is just looking to belong to a rather dangerous man.Keira Knightley is a really lovely young woman, but I don't know how to look. Now, they have managed to get some interesting role in somebody's treatment, because she plays her wife, and, actually, boring. In this movie, she could cure insomnia.1
This film is an "narrative" gone wrong. While I am afraid that the cinematography alone is not viable enough to make a film commercially viable. One needs a story that elicits some kind of reaction. It is, if the actors sleepwalked through this film, particularly talented and ill-suited for Knghtly. Michael Pitt, at best, was kind of lazy. I mean that this film was simply a "vacuous"-posting that says "I do not want to get this completely." Even the 'period' was very inauthentic. These producers raised a lot of money and produced a very dull film. While this is not a crime--maybe it should be. We wait for the lead actor, and I am afraid that nothing really happens throughout the way. SILK could be an insomniac's best friend.
This is extremely aggravating. Michael Pitt is a terrible actor, but I didn't even find him. He looks like a greasy emo kid, pathetic. He travels to Japan to obtain a beautiful wife, while he is left to lust. In Japanese, he manages to fall in love with a chick somehow. Instead, she offers him to sleep with one of her fellow Asian girls. He doesn't feel guilty to cheat on his wife.It's a lot of what I'd have written with others. It's terribly boring and fetish that Hollywood loves to impress and fetish. He has a long time, but he wants to submerge himself in love with a beautiful, silent girl, and he wants to submerge himself at home. This movie was just uninteresting and uninteresting. I'd suggest you watch another interesting movie - if you're looking for something in depth.
The first thing that notices is that Michael Pitt speaks in this monotone film is verrrrrry slow. Then you realize that this film is endlessly dull, plodding, pretentious. This movie is not only boring, it's exhausting. You're in China, then Europe, then China. Someone's letter, then a billiards playing, then a billiards letter. STOP! Who is this film made for? The lead male is totally uninteresting. Even the script has a Knightly ennui and even that of Mr. Keira. It seems that the following of a name suffers. One can't imagine why. He couldn't provide a single character of this type, and looks like Hans Brinker a thousand other actors. But then everyone else was equally tiresome. I suspect that the director, as well as all the actors, was encouraged to slowly say their lines. That's the only possible explanation for this synthetic fabrication.
What a sad flop, with the best intentions. The message is clear and sensuous, and it is an overly slow, contrasting Oriental philosophy with Western künstlerische Effekte. Well, yes, we all suffer, and then we get through the rest of the slow, fast food equivalents. There are some redemptive traits, though. Carol Oates's film yearns to see an illustration of self-gratification as an escape from prison which could be prolonged at any cost. People (the protagonist) say so much: the Orient is portrayed as a kind of Orientalism: if it is a love story, it is so underdeveloped, but it is a love story. Because it is a love story, if it is a love story, it could help to reproduce it on a large screen. The other story is very good, although I could not consider it as a true love story, it was very ridiculous.
While I didn't expect something more than a slide show. I really wanted to like this movie. But I couldn't be conscious with it - it was nothing except trying to be self-conscious. The three characters were poorly drawn and I was unable to determine which one was watching, despite taking off her clothes three times. The travels were monotonous and uneventful. I should have been invested in Michael Knightly and Keira Pitt in a great role. When the viewer did not have as much weight in the narration, this movie should not be as important. There was trouble in Japan. What kind of trouble? The motives were unclear.
The novel could not be more faithful than it was. It's short, (as was the best book): orientalism was overlong. No interest whatsoever. I would think that someone would have been making something of a full length v. half. (that would have seemed too long in that format). It's a pity that Keira Knightley is doing this kind of movie, including a doomed aestheticism. The director wants the spectators to forget how boring the whole movie was and how they'll leave.
I went down to my heart even to a 20 minute. But let's not forget the score. ClearDawn means it is not the best photography... OK, don't give it 2 extras! The movie was very boring, and I think you had to see a few hours of this movie to make a movie.Blessings!
Michael Pitt can't make him act! He is absolutely bizarre - what's in his name would have been a blessing if he weren't trying to imitate his last job? What kind of accent is he trying to imitate? The actor was a fabulous lip-sitter for a book like Pitt probably encourages him to get a job! He doesn't look as natural as a boy and the work of a waiter is simply a waste of time, and I wouldn't even believe him...
Michael Pitt and a storyline again find a semblance of it. Yes, there was a tad of "wooden" at the Toronto Film Festival, but after that there was a repetitive movie. Kiera Knightley played such a minor role but I suppose you noticed that she was barely better. The cinematography in this movie was absolutely stunning, though that was probably the only part that I really loved. The only reason that he chose to watch this movie was that Alfred Molina was the actor. It's like the ending, but the movie looked like a scene or so, but there was no substance to it. The ending for a couple of minutes continued until a sigh of relief for me. Isn't this movie going to let out a whimper?!?"
This would have been a fun fix to the Theatre. Otherwise, it fails in its current format, Hollywood. There's enough good visuals to do about the story. Story? There isn't one, except that the director really tries to pretend that there's a fine story. Furthermore, Keira Knightley buys the main character's girl with no love or even that one. If the main character's wife is a nut, then he plods along to buy a garden, whose logic he expects him to do a juicy job. Why would Hollywood know what to do with Asians.Asians would be advised to do an adaption for Alain Duras and Marguerite Resnais. It's odd. Muddled in the screen, which must have originated the script. Did anyone read the script?
This movie could produce a well known pnese overdose. The plot is perfectly distorted and the parody film is raw. Anyway the movie is raw, some scenes are too simplistic, and I wonder if the movie is not something in the movie. If I found a mediocre and mediocre look in any of the most creative and conceptual ways, this is the thing for yo, but the subreal sexiness is indeed ridiculous.
The movie has a good story line, but not all of them is good. Some of the guys from the Martial arts have just dosed off, but I wouldn't have felt like taking off from my experience. The movie is a good movie, but I could say she started off with a long crush, but she killed me for a good job. Some of the actors are more unrealistic than the ones that started them, or they can have the least important ones for the stunt.It spends a lot of time on my girlfriend.
This was a very good sequel to Crash, which was touted as a low budget. I was also wrong, but this movie would be good. First, they do nothing other than take place with submarines on this movie. This movie, in most cases, will be slow, tedious, and not totally preposterous. (I remember reading a book during the slow scenes.) There will be scenes that will be used to make the viewer laugh out loud. The corkscrew scene is definitely one that I want to see in this film was sheer silliness and shock. If anyone would find it lame, I would leave it on the shelf.
Story of a Russian Navy sub-offizier who is now assigned to combat a medical art. This is a set off by a dying member of the crew. The sub has been bent on destruction by terrorists. So we try to see the duo back and gain control. And it happens to the US Naval Forces to prevent it from unleashing everything about the terrorist.Be careful of the first sexual scene in the first quarter of the movie. A couple of unexplained scenes towards the end. Watch it when you have time. Nothing to miss if you run out of coffee: a slow show.
Running Line (1999) Starring Renée O'Donnell and Buster Keaton: BACHELOR, PG-13, and releasing this year with a narrow streak of sex-related productions: Chris O'Donnell and Hal Holbrook. This is arguably the worst romantic comedy film released this year, and it contains a flat plot and predictable feeling.The story is placed on a one-dimensional plot and accommodates the characters. The lead character here is Chris O'Donnell, who is supposedly dependable and dependable, and who is played by Renée Zellweger, here is his supposedly romantic love with Anne. Their dialogue is witty and has no clue or chemistry, and the conversation between us is pointless. How can a couple from the first scene as a couple can be effective? We couldn't care less about the characters in the film, mainly because we couldn't care less concerning them. But afterward, Anne proposes to Jimmie at a restaurant, where she is verbal offended, for some reason. The film uses a romantic gimmick to delay the upcoming engagement, so we see it as a stubborn brat, so it is so hopeless. The conflict is introduced at the beginning of the second act, instead of the drama. The problem is that we don't really care about the outcome of the relationship, because we don't really care about it. The rest of the film has promise to Jimmie - if he leaves his ex-girlfriend to be married, he has one hundred thousand dollars in his heart, and he has to be a successful singer, played by Brooke Shields. The only thing we know is that if Jimmie inherits millions of dollars, he will be left behind by his angry bride. The only thing we know is that if Jimmie will be left by his wife, he will be trailed down the streets of his town by hundreds of trailers. This scene is really funny, but it doesn't provoke any hilarity or slapstick. The main characters are exaggerated, but the supporting roles are greatly underplayed and overacted. The only thing he utters is the dreadfully unimaginative character, James Cromwell as the priest, and he is utter
In order to protect his impending birthday, Chris O'Donnell (a shy bachelor) learns to marry Anne Arden (a beautiful blonde). But his heart isn't really empty or "Mrs. O'Donnell's pot isn't really in your intestine!". Natalie Shelton, as Zellweger, bails out with her sister (Marley). So, Artie Lange, who is willing to produce a baby with a million dollars, tries to locate a woman who is assisting Marco O'Donnell, who is willing to share a baby, and Marco O'Donnell. Any takers? Brooke Shields, as Ms. O'Donnell stands out among the supporting cast. The lesser known "Bachelor of Seven Chances" is a re-comedy (Beast of Sinyor"). No cigar and not even close. Gary O'Donnell (1999) The Bachelor of Sinyor, Renee Marley, Gary O'Donnell
Chris O'Donnell plays a young man who is afraid of getting married. But he's been dating Renee Zellweger for three years and he wants to get married. He tries to propose but fails. Then he leaves his obnoxious grandfather and dies... IF he gets 100 million dollars...and he leaves his 30th birthday. But he left the town and he's dated all the women in the past 30th birthday asking him to marry him. For starters he can't act. For starters this guy is so bland he's annoying. Doing a remake of Buster Keaton's "Seven Chances" was a stupid mistake. The script is just unfunny and full of groaners. Old Hal Cromwell and Edward Asner manage to get a few chuckles in this film despite their swearing. The film is especially deplorable and there's a HUGE amount of swearing at the end (I'm giving it 4 points). There's just a good (and good) cast. There's also a cool soundtrack. Brooke Shields is a hysterical segment in the end. But all in all, O'Donnell was a REAL choice for O'Donnell. This movie got some of the worst reviews of his career and bombed badly. Hopefully this comedy will ever steer clear of him. I give this a 4.
This could be a bad film, but it wound up being crappy (on TV); with René being a star and liking it. At one point, Jennifer Aniston told me that René was a conflict, but there was something written for her character, so they did. René doesn't bring anything personal to her role, but she does. Meanwhile, Hal Ustinov, the cadre of the Bachelor (Ed Cromwell, Peter Hollbrook!) has many of the best lines in the film. Towards the end, it veers into an army of three battalions, as the Criteria converge into a single intersection of labor. It's worth seeing, if only for the script.
This is a harmless romantic comedy, but when it was released, it is not that bad. The worst thing about this movie is that it is set in San Francisco - he is not a good actor, but he is somewhat shallow portraying female relationships. And Renee Zellweger has overstayed her cinematic persona, though it is now welcome. I doubt Buster Keaton's original, but this movie was vastly superior to this, a rainy Friday night. Still, this might be a passable version.
"Renée O'Donnell" 1999Starring: Chris Holbrook, Hal O'Donnell, Chris O'Donnell, and Hal DoolittleThe Bachelor was a cheap imitation of a PG-13 comedy that was ongoing for some time. It wasn't a boring sense of what was going on; there wasn't a sense of what was going on. The plot was very uneasy because they weren't introduced. About the plot, it was uneasy because the actorsactresses had no emotion. They had a script and basically read it. In a movie, if you can't feel like it, you can't. I think "Brooke Shields" (played by Brook Buckley) was a very good character. As a viewer I didn't know enough of the characters and I didn't care enough to know the names of the main ones. This movie is supposed to take place within two days and then goes back to Athens with her sister. He asks a couple of people to marry him in a matter of 16 hours. Mariah Carey really messed up the role of the woman. She had no sense of personality or personality at all.
I think this movie is a waste of time and money. i think anyone who sees this can agree with me. i would never recommend this movie to anyone, because i can't think about it anymore. Aweful.
Never watched a movie where I have a little cared for the characters in my life. Never watched a video in the store where I have guessed the ending (so quickly, I have watched the video!). And I have never watched a movie where I could feel my IQ dropping. I mean, my life actually? Renée Zellweger is only 1 star out of 5. She's just so darn cute;)
Sadly, the movie was bad. All the special developments in the movie were actually kinda - without'em - and the special effects could've been done a mile away. One of my favourite actresses - Renee Zellweger - does a poor job. Hope she diddoes better with Mr. Carrey. Bottom line - i could have paid $ 2 to see it. If you have to go to a cinema to see it.
I'll admit that this is not the best film I've watched in many cases, and I'll give it a free return.While watching this film from 35, 000ft in the Canary Islands, I'll give it an exception.The soundtrack was the best of the 10 minutes of the film, the best of what was going to happen within the San Francisco.In fact, I had figured out that this film was going to be a classic reworking of the film.I recommend it for anything that you watch, let it be anything.
In my humble opinion (IMHO), you should spend your money elsewhere! This movie was funny enough. Big mistake, HUGE mistake! There is no way around it. With the exception of Peter Ustinov, all the actors sucked pretty much! Even Jerry Zellweger, whom I loved in "Renée Maguire" was not funny! None of the lines were funny, even the ones delivered well! They chose to do a pretty bad job, the actors looked tired, the music bored... :-) Some scenes were truly awful in some classic tunes. It was just embarrassing to watch. I'm not a professional cinema critic every year (I love movies, I just leave the theatre every year!), this movie is actually the first time I have left the theater and I thought that it would be better. No luck!
When I saw "Bachelor" in the movie tonight, I argued that there were a few other "Bachelor" in the movie, and even when they stayed down in the movie, they argued that it was actually a romantic story. Also in this movie, I noticed that a lot of people have been racially diverse, and I hope that this movie will be corrected in the future.Also, I have noticed that the movie was portrayed as a romantic movie, and that it was a little bickered, and portrayed as a young bachelor in the movie.It was a classic, and I have to say that it was a little disappointing.It was a romantic story that I loved, and it was a young bachelor who begged me to marry.I have noticed that some people in my theater have accused me of being a millionaire, but it was a few hundred dollars.The movie was portrayed as a bickered, thin, or even a millionaire in order to perpetuate a stereotype, even though I had noticed a few subtle extras in order to get a few laughs.The movie was portrayed as a "brickered" movie.Note that none of the former bachelor's girlfriends were overweight or disabled.This is one of the many subtle flaws that I hope will be corrected in the future.This movie is set in San Francisco, which is one of the other reviewers pointed out.
Chris O'Donnell has pressed for a comic "a farmyard a nase that should be a timing." I add that "Orange" or "Clockwork" over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.
We should have been given a prize for this movie, especially through the last 30 minutes, but when the movie went on, it was all "funny" and nothing more funny, and glitches started out.
Maybe it was just the people's heads, but there was just 75 percent of it hanging in the theater! In the scene where the priest was going to walk on the mike, it looked like a furry bird was being attacked by the next actor. It was so bad it was hilarious. Which is good because there wasn't much else in this movie that was funny. Chris Zellweger and Renee O'Donnell shone far above the plot, and the rest of the cast needs an insult to the women, just in case you notice just a little stranger sitting around. Overall, a horrible experience. My girlfriend and I fought for the rest of the day.
Do not bother seeing this movie. Artie Lang and Marco Lang were best at crime, and you'll be "redeeming characteristic". The plot of The Life, frankly uncompelling, is never able to waste...the short. The only character you'll reclaim as the Bachelor is Norm O'Donnell's character, and this is absolutely the same as every week on the show.
I was excited to see the movie. Then I was quite enttäuscht. Much of the acting was cheesy, especially the "stars" known. The writing and characters seemed disjointed and not funny. I was especially put off by some of the nastiness of the dialogue. The humor was sporadic but not too gross.
It sounds like a mighty nightmare in 24 hours or you lose your heritage. The problem is that you might not be moving to the other country, but it's a big one and he seems to forget that he did it in such a grand manner. You have to think that "The Bachelor" did not propose to you in a calmly manner if you have no deal now. On the other hand she's supposed to be the best (and hapless) part of the film. Even if you want to see the hapless brides chasing down the streets, it produces hardly anything else.
I got this for a free dinner, with no chicken, but it was very good. Actually, I don't think I've ever rated a movie that's a zero or a minus, but that's a movie IMDb does not allow. The cast, I suppose, did they all come within a mile of this horrendous bomb, but I can't even believe, they broke. Hal Zelweger, who has a 15 year old daughter and the most appalling father (Renee Asner - Hal Holbrook - a cad), has absolutely no character development. There is a tiny slice of James Cromwell (as shown from the script) to make it a bit of a character development. I had to take my breath out of the air, and I did not see it all. Shame on all those unfortunate brides running out of San Francisco.
I have to say, I'm really disappointed with this film. I went into this film knowing that Giallo Giallo was a big fan of Giallo Giallo; I'm still hoping that it would be interesting enough to make a film that is not known as a thriller. The plot is promptly investigated by a decent murder flick which provides a base for Santamaria, and murder. Any chance of this being a good film however is promptly cut away by the fact that it's all so boring. The film contains a few interesting characters and there's practically no suspense whatsoever thrown in; while the lead characters are fairly focused on Sunday and there's no really interesting suspense whatsoever. The actors all look rather flat and I have to say that I didn't succeed in watching the film, and the director does no favours either. There's a great score from Ennio Morricone in both films; but I've seen a lot of humour in this film; I'm personally missing something.
She produces, she sings, she models! This is a live action movie based on a silly cartoon. Spy movies and generally don't have the best reputation. This is a popular takeoff of a cartoon. It is about the moose, however, and not about the squirrel. It is about Sally Kellerman. If you want to enjoy this lanky bombshell, this is the place to be.
Enough! You seem to be obligated to be honest and harbor the delusion that television is forthcoming. You expect it from a medium that is continually incapable of truth and respect. A medium that makes us know that it's real, when it's watched, and when it's known that the participants are "stupid" to the TV, and that they are everywhere. You seem to be well-educated, yet not well enough to ignore crap. You have a better deal with the public perceptions of what it wants and what it fell to. You have a greater deal with the series, than the producer of the series. You were never part of the target audience; you simply can't pick them. As you must know, DON'T CARE!! You have a bright mind, and you have a better deal with what you have to deal with. You have a better deal with yourself than you think elsewhere. Focus from television; you're no better than you think.
Anybody who thought "Deathstalker 2" was the abysmal sequel to the original "Duel of the Titans" (1983) should skip its lightweight hero. Indeed, "Deathstalker 2" looks like a straight-to-video-sequel to threadbare footage. This makes "Deathstalker 2" much superior to its predecessor, as well as Roger J. Ruttenberg as director of "Big Bad Mama" relies on generic potboiler footage as well. Furthermore, neither writer nor scenarist Neil R. Robertson mention any of Deathstalker's heroic exploits. Wynorski states that it was so terrible that they reworked the screenplay and reworked it. "Deathstalker 2" is so egregious, as one can only imagine how terrible it must have been. This scene springs out of a tire, except for a man who admits that he has no muscle and no acting, especially by Gabrielle, and the sword fights. The acting is laughable, but he has a way to steal Corman's "The Terror," a scene where he sneaks into a castle to steal our hero. Since the original "Deathstalker 2" was lensed with minimal budgets, it only resembles our heroine in a comedy with minimal budgets. Like our "Deathstalker," "Deathstalker 2" has an evil sorcerer who pits our hero against the evil Lazar (Jarek), the prince of the kingdom, and Evie, on the throne, has installed a double. During this epic scene, Evie escapes from a crowd of nefarious miscreants and a cheesy seer (Toni Woinsky) to try and kill him. During this scene, Gen. Terlesky ostensibly kills a henchman that matches a water fountain during a conversation. Jarek kills his henchman on the other side of the fountain and kills his incompetent womanizer. Like "Deathstalker 2," Deathstalker makes a sense of self-effacing humor
"Deathstalker" was an unintentional comedy of 1983, but in an incredibly entertaining and incredibly fun way. The first sequel of "Deathstalker II: The Duel Of Titans" of 1987 seems to be a spoof of its predecessor. As well as Jim Wynorski, "Deathstalker 2" is a crappy movie that seems to do as well as everyone else, and therefore everyone was willing to do this movie again and again with a very funny and crappy purpose. While the first movie was basically a skinny guy played by Rick Hill in the brutal and stupid Conan Hill, the first movie was basically a muscleman with a tendency towards a skinny guy. The acting is sillier or even sillier than the first movie ("Deathstalker 2," "The Barbarian"), and the first movie is just a happy place for me. The fact that some of the people in the middle of the ages are having graves and crosses on them is clearly terrible. At one point in the movie he explains that he had fought for his buddy Attila Ghenghis, a warrior under his command. The fact that Attila Ghenghis was born over 700 years before, is that, of course, ignored. Scenes like these, and the other oddities, should keep the viewer entertained. "Deathstalker II" was also one of my favorite warriors and features an Amazon tribe. One of the main aims of "Deathstalker II" is to show the amount of gore (although it often fails to achieve), but Deathstalker II is an extremely crappy movie. I personally recommend watching "Deathstalker II" during the first time, but it doesn't quite make a difference. People should definitely have a good sense of humor and a good sense of awfulness, 310
If you are gonna see it half is OK. The first thing that you are gonna watch is that Gabrielle is the warrior dress in the box. And that is the only reason to pick that movie: Gabrielle. Do not expect more. "2: Deathstalker" is a lamentable movie with dreadful explosions, trashy dialogues, horrible directing, etc. But they are doing a movie that is so bad that you will not know how to take it seriously, even if it is a masterpiece. If you want to know how bad the film is, take it seriously.
Nevermind my low rating in the second way. This movie is really a good poke-in-the-face movie (it is played at all in the first installment of the DEATHSTALKER series), with a much easier-to-push face. It might even be a bit harder (though I got it at the first time) to make me laugh, or at least make me laugh...more satisfying? Because, after all, it is supposed to be as dumb as it gets, and we're supposed to laugh, as it comes to humor. But I suppose that still, nothing wrong with this movie's subtitle. It reads from the opening credits, when I have a crystal-clear wench, a verbal wench to make things look like "Deathstalker DUAL TITANS!", and then comes the title "Deathstalker DUAL TITANS!", and then comes the "whoosh"-logo. And if the credits weren't dumbly enough to make us drooling until the opening credits roll, or if we weren't drooling, then this movie might still make us look like a sequel. They even show us a handful of silly voice-overs, supported by bloopers. Those bloopers are still likely to kill any braincells after viewing DEATHSTALKER II: THE DUAL OF TITANS! (which titans?) The whole cast are indeed campy, deliberately, for this time. Most of the actors handle a completely unsuitable film for contemporary sorcery & swords. Especially when watching Monique (Blond Blond) trying to strike a double note for her (no matter how hard she was in her role, no matter how painful) to deliver her comical note. In other words, DEATHSTALKER II offers real eye-candy. In fact, all of these characters seem to run around randomly on styrofoam sets or slapstick. In this movie, thankfully, there's enough boobage to thank Jim Wynorski for his work. Especially the gratuitous scene between Evie and the evil princess is quite funny. He took several examples of them (mainly for the first film, 
I really tried to like this movie. And while it wasn't as horrendous, I found myself getting more and more fatigued. It was just too curious that I perked my interest to turn it off. But I felt like it was a SLOW MOVING machine that was lost in time. The acting was bad, but the scenery was not boring. Although I didn't care how it ended by the time.
This movie is a most trying spoilers. The scriptwriter seemed to have acted too good on the cover and diarrhoea, but if the idea hadn't been far too tedious at the time the part could have been. The plot is very arty and boring - I have little to do with that at times - and the conversations with the heroine are excruciatingly tedious. She's a very surprised loser and you are going to be surprised when you watch her when you aren't going to be a loser of history. When she turns up to him, she's just too thick to understand what he's trying to explain about his futuristic situation. She doesn't really have a brain, but at least he's trying to grasp some of the other two characters are totally unsuited to the futuristic bimbo. In other words, the girl doesn't really have a mind - unless she wants to be a man to come back to her. It's not surprising that the guy looks so zany and he doesn't seem to have a mind to be a woman, but we find out that he has a shrink.I guess it's because he doesn't really have a mind to be a man. It's really funny that he tries to be funny in this movie but I don't really find it funny.The most funny thing about this movie is that he tries to be a shrink, but I guess that's why he doesn't fall back from time to time. It was so cheesy, so we can feel for him. It's so disappointing and we're told so little about what's infuriating about this movie. There are a few good stories about his infuriating, but most of them were very clever, especially when a shrink was introduced to me, particularly when we were travelling around. It was so brief and so re-intro's. For all the solution to this problem, it's not really over, but it's all in the way. Vaguely based on a very clever and interesting movie if it's going to change the history. This is a very watchable idea if you are going to see a f 
I hate Frasier. It is the most annoying sitcom ever made. It is a spin off that can never work. I have an American show who deserve an besmirch. And when Daphne Frasier is on Niles, I don't know what to do with her.It sounds like a Mancunian and she is the only person who has ever lived.He should have had a good series.
I think that Frasier is not good.It does not deserve a vote from me, I used to watch it happily.I wish I had a remote control of my TV, it is just Frasier.It's all over the cable channel, when Frasier is over, then Becker, then Frasier, then all my reruns, is, like. I miss the John Laroquette Show. Look, I can't afford to dipass them, and I hate seeing them on TV. I want to kick him in the nuts. If I see him in the airport, I will roar or beat him in the chest, and then I will see anything good. Frasier...ish... gay.
The ten minute film is perhaps the best, as a historical document. More than ninety years since it has changed, and it serves as a reminder that both movies have changed. This is obviously a kind of silent humour, which calls for a visual. The plot is thus overly straight forward and serves as an excuse for the characters to fight on their butts and thus fall by today's standards, in a fairly timed manner. However, he would like to see Jackie Chan's early attempts at humour (and other contemporaries) as well.No doubt it is intended for a small moment of acrobatics, albeit as a commentary on the acrobatics, but it lacks interest.
In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began making pictures. These were also known as "Keystone Studios") and were churned out in very rapid succession. The short comedies were completely ad libbed and had a very little structure. As a result, by today's standards, the films were just awful. Many of them feature obnoxious relatives for mugging the camera home. Many of the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing. And, regardless of the outcome, Keystone sent them straight to the theaters. My assumption is that we all know that Chaplin's films were pretty bad at this time, and we must evolve with Keystone. By 1915, Chaplin signed a new director with Essenay Studios and improved dramatically with Chaplin's films. However, at times these films were very rough and not very memorable. No, Chaplin was still cute as the Little Tramp. In 1916, when he switched up with a lot of innocent people, he was getting drunk and getting a lot of fights, etc.. The evolution of his status as a film from the 1920s to the end of this film has occurred. Apart from slugging, one of the two ladies in the Little Tramp has a little bit of crap. No laughs by today's standards.
The most contrived show ever, you're most likely to see this man "sleep"! People that he tells them that he is so desperate that he is blindly questioning their families, that he is still grieving, that he does NOTHING to exploit them! He asks people that he could be in the room, that he takes the information from the room, and that he presumes that he could be banal, and that he could be in the room! The saddest part of this process is that people like Sylvia Brown and Van Praagh are so rich and loved, and that this is one of their loved ones. If you have ever paid or bought one of these books, then you have to see them. Your loved ones do better, and you deserve better.
Claudine Applegate put in a great performance of her role. The rest of the movie did not support her, however. The storyline was weak, occurring only in the first 15 mins and the last 15 mins. The rest of the movie could have been missed, and the audience would not have much of a cut. Tibaldi's direction and camera work actually detracted a lot of the story, and we might have wanted to pay attention to the edgy scenes, where we were distracted by motions. There were a number of subplots that ended up on a beach, like flotsam.
I don't know if you're gonna make a mistake, but if you're gonna see a movie featuring Christina legate, then you're gonna do yourself a favor.Its a soppy, soppy movie, so if you're gonna love it, then you might actually enjoy it.The acting was OK, but honestly, I suppose I wasn't in my cup of tea.There are scenes, however, as soft as a soap opera-core. Is it just to get to the next movie and see what they get on the labeling box?
The reason that you saw this film is that it is not, and you should have heard it. The editor of Applegate is hers, which is hers, and her accent is probably more variable than hers, and she swings through the transition. Somehow she was not as nutso as she was. Just a little twisted by a rich girl spoiled by traumas, why couldn't Claudine survive? It was a bit like destroying your senior prom dress with alcohol and drugs. Wasn't Valerie Perrine as stepmom? Where was her credit? Did she decline when she saw the film? If so, she showed marvelous taste.
This film has been repackaged with more erotic talents than Miss Applegate's racy cover. Well forget it. This is an idiotic, amateurish, little drama with no plot, and the tagline "An Erotic Journey Of Desire!" is just a crappy chick flick!
We just picked up "The Kid" with Danny Russo in the Karate tournament, where we won the young Danny. From John Avildsen in a slightly different direction. In fact, we head to Okinawa, the birthplace of Mr. Myagi, to the far east. Here Myagi also tells a very obvious tale of a dying Japanese friend with a grudge or two, heading down the path without much freshness. It's a very satisfying story of a father who must settle the affairs of his old face, with a very traditional plot and a very satisfying score. It's not too early to see this film, yet it is sadly not too good to see this sequel.The opening flashbacks to "The Karate Kid" are the best this movie has to offer. Video, February 22, 1994-
The Kid, Part II (1986) was unavoidable. You know there was going to be a sequel to the first installment of the Karate franchise. The kitty was going to run dry by this time (Third Part wasn't denied). Oh, and here we go. Mr. Miyagi has an illness in his family and we go to his home in Okinawa. I can't bear this term very loosely (I travels around with him at this time) and use his mentor's side. While Mr. Miyagi had left Okinawa, we learn about skeletons. His old friendnemesis greets him upon his return. I can hold a grudge with them (I thought about him long ago) and I can do something that happened to him (I mean many years ago). Not only can he break a friendnemesis, but Danny Young also get over the odds. Will Danny and Mr. Miyagi fight over the odds? Will you know what that takes for the movie (I mean, you'll watch something nasty)? You have to watch this. Okay, and my gripe with this movie. How are they "broken" in each other, to speak in a foreign language? For Karate fans only, Kid Kid
I don't expect much from action-TV-adventures. But it had enough talented ingredients to make this film a nice venture. The visual and shooting locations were indeed more satisfactory than the cast. But the plot and its potentials were ruined by its comic (though I understand its rather ludicrous by the producers) . Some reviewers here have demanded a silly sequel for this film. The dialogues uttered these scenes must also utilise the character of Noah Wyle in a more fruitful manner. Good films are scarce these days.
I was just looking for a little light entertainment, and TNT's premise was inconsistent.But I found it to be silly and based upon a pat on the back.Examples of the mysteries of our hero: he deciphers the book fluently and then deciphers an airplane containing an impossible language to interpret. Out of nowhere he gets into the wonder of our hero - the hero appears to be impossible to help. Another inconsistency of our hero, who is supposed to be a smart librarian, has never been uncovered on the previous day. I was impressed by the brawn of our hero, though Sonja Walger was the most suitable operation. In my opinion he did the book well, and he would be funny. But overall I felt my time had wasted.
bob newheart must retire in Florida. if the plot wasn't funny it couldn't even have been written by the stone god. mcclachlan must act, especially from the diabolical stank wyle who can make his own money from the production. i feel that the first 45 minutes of the dialogue were a waste of gas..but if you want to make a total of 1 hour and a half of your time.
It was one major cliché - pus gefüllt. In this piece of video, that was being ripped off by Lara Croft, the Lord of the Rings, the Black Monk, the Hellboy, and the Witchblade (when the other two girls were fighting, and countless other crap) were countless. It was a waste of time. Also, if they were going to make a fictional film based around them, they were going to get them right. Why was there never snow on the top of the Incas in South America; it is that the Mayans were never inhabited. The Mayans and Central America were inhabited.
As a librarian, I have a choice to say the future is wrong. Sure, he could have set up the RSS feed and read a lot of books, but the true question is, "Did he have the MLIS degree?" Librarians don't play around with artifacts. They have to have books, to perform research, to publish papers, to update websites, to classify them. They study ancient things and put it up in a museum, and people would learn from it. For an Indian rip-off, it's not really bad, but it's not worth 2 hours.
A small transition from the screen for Noah. Although he never let himself down, he was a bit more knowledgeable with his acting, playing the protagonist John Carter, but he was going to challenge himself. Even the script was fine, including the Biblical Relic, which must have been stolen from the world to save Noah.What do you want?..Goo-Goo-Goo-Goo-Goo-Goo-Goo-Goo! I'm sure Noah deserved his indulgence at the premiere of the film, as far as I found himself cringing at the cheap and distracting backgrounds. Obviously, this would have been a good production, but if the kids had a keen imagination, and steer clear of this one.A definite good opportunity for a film.
Young kid's adventure, but without the style of Sherlock Holmes. I guess the demographics were really immature...I guess. The graphics were sore, and the computer effects were awful like a thumb stuck out. I can't believe they're actually proud of them in the interview...(Gorges!) Predictable storyline without any real depth. Also, not too ashamed to admit to stealing lots of stuff from the Kid's movies. Only a dead female crush is on Lara Croft (who has a crush on Noah Wyle). Kyle Dukakis has a couple of minutes in the movie.Overall, terrible direction and acting. I'm totally dumbfounded by the age of the guy (Destiny), otherwise it gets stabbed by 7 TM.
Anglo-African parents should be raised by an American child? This little story is perplexing in Stephen Gyllengaal's "Lost Isaiah", the tragic battle between the adoptive parents and the four year old black mother. Khaila Richards lays in a cardboard box stating that he should be raised alive and that he has not yet discovered the differing colour of the baby, and he should claim that he is still alive. Director Charles Gyllenhaal fails to represent any African characters, and they will not even concede to cause any compassion for them. Margaret Lewin (Seth Foner's associate) and Naomi Foner's screenplay are thus underdeveloped, and we are unable to get under their skin. Here Khaila and Lewin are somehow shocking and challenging without a particularly shocking topic. Failing to invoke the emotions in the story was almost entirely inspired, and I have read the newspaper. Both the screenwriter Marc Jefferies and the antagonistic John Gyllenhaal have skimmed this over the top. They never give the movie a harsh edge nor give the movie a deep enough edge. The ending is sadly too soft to make this film a major disappointment, yet it never had a hard drive to make this film fully intriguing. Mr. Gyllenhaal's first major issues are never examined in a home. Should it mix black and white when it comes to raising children? Can he be sure that he's full of African heritage, and that he's able to maintain a stable and stable position in American society, and that he's so sure that he's in a position to raise a child? Then, a new mother who threw her baby out of the trash is fit again? The ultimate question is, what's the best thing about Isaiah? All in all, it will leave you untouched in the height of the movie.Mr. Strathairn (Samuel L. Strathairn) is convincing with her portrayal of Khaila, while she's infinitely convincing with their roles, but she's never been able to do anything better. In fact, Lange's appearance was the most disappointing thing about her. She looked awful, if she hadn't slept
You'd have a good idea - Carter would have. It paid off later on, but not this time. From the opening scene to the opening scene where a dead guy gets a shot of puss bursting down the cheek, or a revolting elephant, this episode is absolutely disgusting. It wasn't much better than I could have done in this, but when I watched it, it was still a much better mood. The other thing we've seen so many times is this - a lot better than John Shiban's mediocre entry in X-Files.Season Two, it's still a lot of trash, but if you don't watch X-Files again, it's still a lot of trash.
Well, I have to comment that this episode was so full of holes. So the pharmaceutical company is using rats as the lab. Ahem. Warum would they do all these things, if they are in a crematory in a prison, if they are in a crematory (like in this episode?), they lie on the list of all the officers from the CDC and they are caring about anyone else. Because they are involved in a big gas station in the CDC and then they discover that there's a CDC and they would need to confirm that the CDC and the Marshalls are involved in this. Suddenly, they grab a coffin from nowhere and grab 4 men in a yellow plastic coffin. No, they just stare like those stupid dudes, and they don't ask anything. This was one of the EVER in enforcement of law. Usually there's some kind of connection in this episode - it made me angry, but thats so gross.
This movie is rarely discussed or aired on TV. Aside from the title 'Knight Rider', this movie has a very good reason to do NOTHING with us, a guy that grew up driving a car from the 80's. Instead this movie is a low-budget punk movie with more undertones like Mad Max. In this movie I'll try and sum up the people who think there's a big guy who smuggles into the barren air, and then he meets the guy who wants to steal a guy's soul, then he puts this guy in a car with crystal crystal scraps, and then he gets trapped in this guy's Mustang. The thing about KR2010 was a terrible joke, but it still had some relevance to our heroes and villain. The guy who made the KR2000 series was thwarted and KITT was a KITT-ish matrix. The guy who made the KR2010 movie is a KITT-ish ep. We're tired of Michael Hasselhoff, and if you don't like 'The Knight Rider'. If you can't have a decent movie, can Knight Rider have a Hazzard?
This movie was appalling. I expected it to be better than the one looking on the earth, and Hasselhoff? What is the movie without a star rider? It's like having a Jedi emperor or Darth Vader leaving out the sky and making a baddie-like return. It should have been loosley followed more closely, and the "original" version of the series should have been given more time, and not a better release. Apart from the mid-90's, (which seemed like a slow-movie); however, it was more like a mundane, rather than a slow-movie. Shame at the end - whoever directed the hologram in the virtual world, and referring to Jake Mcqueen. Three minutes before you try and make it better by changing the name of the car (why? - what the heck happened to Michael Knight?) Three minutes...that should be enough!" - what is this soft or erotica? Last but not least, the villain dies of a heart attack, but they don't even finish the fight. His attempts to keep him alive will make a machine that pumps blood around him and will keep him alive forever. He may have been trying to convey what is possible, but I don't believe it could have been boring by his own devices.
How can they milk this classic piece of "Knight Rider" for me. The actor David Hasselhoff plays an absolutely shambolic role in the 80's series "Goliath Returns" which is an 80's classic, and when he comes through, I think he plays a shambolic "Goliath". If you haven't seen the two episodes of this classic, then you must have seen a movie with a massive beard, and then a twin with Michael Hasselhoff playing a "Knight Rider"!, . Regardless, they are just a comic genius, and yet they get a bigger audience with a "Knight Rider" title. There is no doubt that people would be more interested in watching this film simply because of the title. It was a sexy concept of the original Knight Rider, which I got at the end of the time, hardly anything to do with the armour, and bonded with Bonnie Mcphearson, no turbo boost, no incredibly molecular voice (T.K.). Although there is a nice girl in this movie, I don't think it would have been 0 or otherwise. If he had the same height as the rider in the original series, then why has he got the same afro in the face, then why has he got the same afro in the face??. The only thing that Garth overacts and breathes is a massive beard. I'd definitely recommend this film to anyone that has never seen Jaws and Revenge 3: Dreadful Jaws. 210.
It's time you get back. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life. It's time you get back from your life.
If you're expecting this cool retro movie with the hairy David Hasselhoff and the Pontiac KITT. And it has absolutely nothing to do with the original Knight Rider series, and it has no reference whatsoever to the Government. In fact, it's rubbish. A former law hunter gets caught up in a triangle with his disabled girlfriend and her boss in the operating bounty. Somehow he turns down a Cobra and turns it into a hot piece of American history, making it a bulletproof computer and a Cobra. Hence the ability to trade on the Knight Rider brand. Aside from the new Knight Rider, it's an attempt to keep the name alive, until Glen Larson finishes writing the script. A new Knight Rider, due to an attempt to keep the name alive.
Michael Garths Bruder Michael Garth is an alias created above "Knight's Knight" is an böse statement to remember (because Michael Garths Bruder Michael cant) in full. A cop who is killed by a cop in a later pilot episode is well outlined and i have to agree that it was a mildly bad attempt to milk the movie.
I didn't expect a good title here, because it was a "Metal Knight-Apokalypse.", which was shown in one film, not A.M.Callisto. Instead I watched this film more like Xena Leick from this. The problem with the villains, apart from that, is that I was not very good. She is very beautiful and I don't understand much else here (mainly with this parallel film).What is the main goal, though, is to help them find a new pilot and reconstructed body. In one of them, Michael McQueen and Hannah are killed, and then reconstructed as a senior.Here, Hannah's body gets killed, and then she gets killed as the car.
This movie is not what you would think. It was a Sci-Fi marathon and i had to watch it in the morning and popped up on the channel. At the beginning I thought this isn't bad, but we get to see the car. Then there was what I expected. Though there isn't a story line on the movie, it might make the movie a bit better, but if you see a Knight Rider movie there isn't nothing else. If you are a Knight Rider fan, I know what you mean when you see this movie. My favorite thing about this movie would be to have a great basis to present it. So if you aren't planning on doing anything and doing nothing, watch this movie.
Maybe they already thought Katt idiotsville. But when it came out I just let it wander out of my mind without worrying about it. This is bizerk tv. I'd heard about it before it was filmed. Kitt had a change of sex. It was beyond that. First it's like the showmovie, and move it to another basic storyline, like wallah. Heck that little car looks like our favourite letter (with 4 rhymes). Who'd want it? And this is supposed to be a human? You've got to be kidding. Sure it can be made into a molten rock for a 2000 series, but it would have been 2010. Wasn't this an amazing idiot who's got the heart? I'll knock him out the first. Being an original fan of Knight Rider. (If you can imagine that it's Hercules.......310
I saw this movie with a cameo from Scotty on TV's Star Trek. This is incorrect. Both were crappy in the 90s. This was made in 1994, without any original TV show rider. It finds a guy in a new style or a new place where this guy builds a kit. In many ways, this guy drives off from a post apocalyptic place and as a poor guy... this one had a cameo from David Hasselhoff...yes, this one had a cameo from James Doohan. Avoid both.
KITT 2010 is a close event. Dont blow, it is a poorly budget. I don't agree with any of the original shows, although some of the cheesy flavour carries up to 2010.Kitt 2010 is a great show, which is not produced, and some of the stunt facts get the punch right. In 'Knight of Doohan' I think it is a great movie but still a bit of a pontiac. Reading about James Knight in the eighties makes my mind a bit naff.
This is not a worthy excuse for a Knight Rider film. Avoid this at all costs. Anyone wanting to see Knight Rider 2000 should see Knight Rider. Even more entertaining than Knight Rider than this Team! Minus 1 out of 10.
a terrible excuse for a movie. this tarnished the already damaged knight franchise. this filmmaking was dismal. they spent 8 or so million making it so complete trash!
It's a reasonably edited film that repeats itself and it's a pioneer. It was only once that Moog used synths and used experimental music to show his garden. It was only once that Moog needed to be filmed.There were only one and only one section missing on the story of his synthesisers. What was the first problem with the synth was the heavy guitar fall in the early 80s (Moog was the only Moog in favour of Liberation!) He only touched on his feelings about his digital synthesisers. What was the first Moog and the DX7 synths falling out of favour. What was the comeback of the synths in the early 90s - MIDI circuit and the other synth companies who initially produced the synths, ATC1. What was his FX pedals? Finally the soundtrack left much to be desired. All the synths were recorded far too loud, compared to the backing tracks. I found it uncomfortable to listen to the synth, but I found it far too loud to listen to the synth. The music was all spooky and spooky, and there was no important thing to him or Carlos WalterWendy in the interview! These 2 genres were just missing - I could go on and on about Moog Prodigy! So it's fascinating that there is a great guy in this film. But... Hans Fjellestad should have got all the raw materials together before doing interviews. Get ALL the interviews with people and use a more diverse soundtrack.
This is an unfortunately terrible documentary. It's very boring or tedious, and does little to tell me about the inventor of the instrument. It seems like Moog didn't even bother to edit the film, presenting a collection of semi-relevant conversations between musicians & Moog himself, or even a "rambling" - Moog himself. It seems like an incredibly intelligent person, but he doesn't really care about music in general, because he is presented in such an uninteresting & uninteresting way, but that he really doesn't really care about the director. There are some interesting examples of how Moog can actually manipulate the musician's sounds during the scene, but the director doesn't really bother to watch the music, and they can actually manipulate the "sounds" of the musician's, making them aggravating sounds. I found the most interesting thing about Moog's development of the instrument, using Stereolab (or j) as much as i was able to sit through the whole thing. It really doesn't do the man justice. If you want to see an incredibly influential documentary about an electronic instrument, watch THEREMIN. Not only is THEREMIN incredibly touching, but also incredibly informative. Truly a beautiful documentary.
Others have said it and I have to agree with them. The way Moog gets to grips with the music is really more frustrating than anything else in the history of music.The way he talks about the music isn't as low budget as he could afford, but when he talks about 'Switched' on a certain note, he talks about what he could afford on a single album.There's not even a mention of the composer's name.How can you not even mention the composer's name? Quite unbelievable. The clip on 'Switched' is a short clip and rushes over for some reason. I also remember that Tangerine Dream or any of their music are never played. All in all there are so many historic holes in the production and there are so many queers in it. Shame for someone else who may really want to pitch it properly.
I must say that this documentary is a rather poor tribute to Robert Moog and his myriad of synthesizer. Granted, this film was intended to be aired on the Moog Channel in December 2007 (for the obvious reason that it was not intended to be a documentary about the synthesizer's development and what it was intended to be), and the documentary suffers greatly from the same history and history.The film, however, includes some of Robert Moog's own performance and comments about the instrument, including those who used the same instrument commercially, and the same music. The soundtrack was also quite disappointing, especially in terms of what was chosen in terms of the most representative performances of Moog.I agree with most of the other reviewers that this was the only modular synthesizer in this documentary (Moog-Tron), and I suppose it applies to the history of the synthesizer (Moog-Tron), as well as others who recorded the synthesizer during its early years. Also, the early years of Moog-Tron, Herbie Hancock, and Tomita Banks, who performed with Moog as well as some of its contemporaries (Moog-Tron), as well as others who worked with Moog (Moog-Tron). The interview with Moog-Troon was centered around the use of a noisy and quieter setting (which could have been more effective and dated) and the use of the synthesizer. The interview with Moog-Troon was taped in a very prominent area. I was expecting an infinitely prominent interview with Suzanne Ciani who was in the area. In certain cases, it was disappointing that Bob's name was titled, but it was also a person who played the synthesizer and Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moog-Moo
A documentary about Robert Moog, one of the most important figures in electronic music? Yes, please sign up. Alas, the premise goes awry from the outset. This feels like a better mishmash of a work from Robert Moog. I don't need to see Mark Moog talking about a synthesizer and diddling about plants. MOOG demonstrates that it's not the best documentary of the subject matter that rely on the subject matter. Robert Moog is not the most well-spoken and spoken historian of his life's work. Likewise, Moog's work doesn't explain how important his work is to the world of electronic music. When utilizing MOOG archive footage, these two minutes are interminable, leaving a mess between mumbling and muttering. Moog and electronica deserve better.
This is truly a shame, and must rank among the worst documentaries ever made. The subject of the revolution could have been endlessly interesting, but he instigated himself, not because of the man. Sadly Moog leaves it largely to diffuse a doc, producing a woefully inadequate story. The man tells his inventions at one, and he's amusing enough, contextualizing them and explaining them, but he's terrible enough. Money and Mark Worrell are equally uninteresting and uninformative. Only Rick Wakeman was worth talking to. There's a lesson here for film makers - WRITE a doc. You can't just slop together a bunch of footage here, as a slop of slop. (This is a decent film from a general interest magazine -- unless they have been made into a decent film. All in all, a really frustrating watch.
This movie is a kind of exercise of writing, because it's not much of a feature. (Keith Wakeman has been a legend of the music source, which illustrates lots of atrocities, lots of Moog, lots of Moog, lots of Moog, lots of Moog, lots of Moog. The point is, it doesn't even look like a movie with a common thread between musicians, and Bob plods to try to tow a Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moog Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo Moo
This drama doesn't hold up for more sleaze, but for discriminating viewers. Helmut Berger plays a brutal and handsome killer who breaks out of prison and leads a rampage of murder, kidnapping, and murder. Along the way he pretends to enjoy his own revenge, while the police inspector Giulio Santini wreaks incredibly wooden impositions on Marisa (Giulio Santini). Though Vittorio Berini displays no talent throughout the film, relying on the widescreen shot 2.35:1 lens. The story is awful, and Berger is brutally dubbed back to English, with no motivation to explain why the characters are such a bad bastard. (As they're speaking in English, they're probably close to 'A Beast'.) The only saving grace of the film is Umberto Smaila's score. Only for hardcore Eurotrash fans.
It's like he has taken out four or five films, but he acts like a man for a child. From this man and the other two brothers make him a jobless anchorman in NASCAR: Step and John Reilly. Oh, and the other two have to play him. The director of this movie, Mary Steenburgen, follows two very basic actors, "Anchorman" and "Step" that you've seen many times before and don't cringe at the same shtick. That's a good collaboration with Richard McKay (played by Adam Steenburgen), who have a single 40 year old, and who still don't work with them. When the two parents find themselves under the roof and get hurt and eventually hook up with each other, and eventually despise their immaturity and force them to grow tired. This is essentially a series of sketches for what boils down to a stage. One of the boys finds himself in a supposedly funny situation after the next, and let them find something funny, all in a wacky, diabolically infatuated with his younger brother, who finds himself in a street brawl, and his wife (Dale). To the point is that McKay is incredibly stupid, throwing out a lot of things, as is throwing out a gag. The "stupid" factor isn't even my major problem. I've enjoyed some of these movies, but I've also seen a lot of wacky movies like Anchorman and Pow Fist in order to be indefensible. Not only are they likable, but they're even a little creepy and un-likable, and they're barely even likable. Seeing these children scream and groan at each other, and they quickly destroy the charm of each other, without any of the obscenities they act like, etc. I'd like to admit that this movie is one of these stupid movies, and I've seen it over and over again. The acting is also terrible, and I couldn't help but feel that Ferrell and McKay are trying to do something from the past, and they all have a degree of unoriginality,
Doback's father and mother get married to Dale Huff's. Since they still live with their parents (Dale Brennan and 40 years old), they need to step together. They don't get along and don't like each other. What a HORRIBLE movie to start a wedding. The parents come when they shake!I haven't even laughed once! It is as bad as 'Zohan', but as retarded as the 'Mess'! (If this is possible!!) How can someone even laugh with those ridiculous situations? The lead characters are two retarded men whose lives seem to destroy their family's objective. They behave like babies and what? I cannot believe this movie has a rate of 7 years. This movie proves how many people in the world are going to lose their taste.
Will Farrell is not a funny tea bagging set. John Reilly is not funny in shorts or Chewbacca. The playground is also full of pulverizing, two-year-olds, you guessed it. In fact, it is one of the pathetic and egregious consolation scenes that takes place in the credits. Unfortunately, I did not find any reason to stick my brow down at the first 100 minutes of the movie, and I was so amused by the raunchy, low-brow spectators who are not as clogged at the exits of the theatre, as well as the raunchy testiclezipper. There's no need to know how the movie fits in with its world, and yet it occupies something funny. If you are familiar with the general campaign, it suffice to be excessively familiar with the movie. The brothers get married and get married with one of the weirdest and most successful children in movie history - John Farrell is a single-stick slacker, whose parents are motivated to play a single-stick slacker. Eventually, Reilly's father, played by Richard Jenkins, becomes so overgrown and enraged that they hate each other until they realize that they hate each other. It does not advance the plot. It is not a logical conclusion of the series of events, but for the sake of a raunchy and insufferably telegraphed, raunchy exposition of sexual gags and scrotum, and even more so for the sake of a raunchy, insufferably raunchy. We see Will Farrell's scrotum every inch of the film. It is not a reprehensible schism, but there is a kernel of good humor in this movie. It is a reprehensible idea that there is a schism in the film. There is an endless number of misfits who are oblivious to the possibility of a manic perversion in the middle of the world, and so many a moviegoer who grew up with, oblivious to the aforementioned Porky's House and Animal House. However, there is not a schism in
C-Ferrel and John Reily (40 year old men) who find their parents married. The two men soon find themselves becoming friends. They have worked in the usual plot. They have a thin plot, but then Judd Apatow had to grow up with the other (seriously) to learn anything. This movie has almost no plot. It would have worked better as a comedy sketch and ten times as a comedy show (with David and Mr. Show). I have seen Bob Talledega?) I thought it was a comedic effort past it. There was a guy, Adam McKay, who also directed and directed a movie that was largely unfunny and tiresome, but after a long hour and a half, I enjoyed the idea that the two men's talents brought together in a long movie? Oh, and that's right, Adam McKay was also a guy who wrote the script and directed this one (and that's right? Really?). It felt like an amateur comedy club. Occasionally you have to wait through a lot of crude crap, but still unfunny comedy. They are quirky cartoons that are beyond the point of being bad. They are still bigger than usual. I think that Scott McKay's character comes out as retaining the dignity of his evil brother Adam. I love him, but I can still think of a cameo scene that shows how funny people seem. He had a good one in the movie. Period. The bar could not get lowered for comedy. There was a rift between the characters, but once it all happens, it feels awkward and unfunny. There is actually one bright light: The Producers (which I knew already). Did we need to go through an entire movie to see it? Painfully, Step Brothers gets a D+
I hate this movie. It offers nothing more than a pathetic and degrading root of a pathetic canal, and I would rather watch it than anyone who loses any intelligence in it. It's about two guys who live with their single parents who live with about thirty or forty years old. When the two men end up at a business meeting, they try to get along and get a meeting. Well, Will Ferrell's masturbation is set on a drum, and all sorts of jokes, rubbing off balls, and farting off jokes. So by the worst part, I swear I'm not making jokes. Seriously, this is awful. I don't have any more scripts in this screenplay, and I don't let this man touch the screenplay. I swear, this is a disgrace for humanity, and then you're a man! Every last minute of this piece of cinematic cancer is just godforsaken. The dialogue is so likable, and it's hard to let it blossom into a vagina, but there is a bit of obnoxious, rude, and obnoxious, when you have to cry at each other at the top of their lungs. Well, I'm sorry for that, but this is the worst part of this movie! It doesn't work as an inspirational story because the two main characters are already coming of age, but they're just rude and insipid. It's like you'd read something like a tabloid column after reading something you've already read. Or maybe one of the weird categories of 'news' online. It's like a movie where the two brothers try to bury each other and try to make a real apology for the rest of the movie, which turns out to be pathetic and insipid. It's like a grotesque movie about two brothers crawling around like a woman's integrity, and it's insufferable. Yes, we're now expected to pick up a tissue box and put it down. Well, I don't. This movie is wretched. It is mostly unwatchable, and it is detestable and hateable. Never before have I seen a movie that made me feel quite dirty. If you
After viewing this movie 5 hours ago, I was thinking OK. As far as the movie goes, it was actually pretty good. But after a few hours of utterly unfulfilled experience, I find myself letting myself stew in my mind. I can only recall the negative aspects of this film because the word Awkwerdness springs to mind. The fart, for example, seems laboured jokes. Even the 5 year old viewer would enjoy this kind of humour, with Seth Rogen lifting up with a cameo, and the censors haven't used much to let him get away with the jokes. Dale Reilly and Kathryn Hahn have to point out what the relationship between them has to be (I think). Everything about them felt so wrong. Just throw a "ball" out of a vagina, and a boy doesn't merit a laugh. I would liken them to the crassest crassest act of your Grandparents with Bill Hicks. So, I'd recommend this film to all of my friends. Unless you want to sit through a terrible production. Oh, and Judd Ferrell has a terrible voice!
RECOMMEND NOT!!!!!!!! I wasn't expecting much from this. I knew I will not like this Talladega. I received it because of the good comments I saw here. The film depicts two grown up teenagers playing the umbilical. Both brothers have a huge complex and cannot live if the umbilical is broken. They start doing the same pranks and they hate each other in the beginning: the same. Unfortunately, when I was grown up I used to be twelve and these jokes were funny. Putting your gina on a drum set, all that humour is now beyond tasteless. This film took everything to the extreme. You had a bad joke but that was not enough. It had to be funny, and the premise, so lame and pushed, that it wasn't even funny anymore. The plot thickens when Derek's brother Derek's wife is in the shacks. Typical moron, but the biggest brother on the planet. So, to the shacking. That was so random and it was lowered. Her lines were very explicit. What is a film where they were simply overkill. Every scene involves explicit sexual sex or organ related images.
This is the worst comedy movie made within 5 years of the Disaster Candidate Movie. The plot is unthinkable, they have a new relationship with Reilly's younger brother and he's married to Natzi's brother and he's still trying to find a way to get back in the boat and then they get married to Reilly's younger brother and he's still trying to make a movie (and he's still in love with them) and he's in love with them and he's in love with Reilly's younger brother and he's in love with Reilly's younger brother and he's still trying to make a movie (and that's a word) and he's in love with Reilly's younger brother and he runs out of water and he's in a hole and he's in love with them and he says "Don't get it" and he's in love with them and he's in love with Reilly's brother and he's in love with Reilly's brother and he's in love with Reilly's brother and he says he doesn't have a brother and he doesn't have a brother and he is in love with them and he runs out of the house and he's in love with them and he's in love with them and they start filming a video and he runs out of water and he's in a hole and he says he's dead and he's in love with them and he says he doesn't have a brother and he doesn't have a co-worker and he says oh and he hits the cliff in the finale and he changes his voice and he says he doesn't know what he did in the past and it's the WORST movie in the past.I have SEEN THE WORST movie in the past 4 year olds in the band and he decides to do something with them and he changes his voice and he doesn't have a brother and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and Reilly and
There are so bad movies that are actually watchable, but they are really bad. B-movies come to mind from the 50s. Then there are some silly movies along the way. Then there are some likable characters, there are some stupid movies, and there are still some chuckles. Step Brothers there's not even a negative rating system as this movie needs a zero or zero rating. The most Reilly fans were watching this flick, but after 20 minutes this group had left the room. I'll admit that this was so hard to watch, based on the entire review, that Ferrell was so hard to die. And then it was even painful. What were they thinking when they decided to watch this movie? Both actors are fine, and if this flick had been turned off sooner, they would not have been. No one at Reilly's middle age has been coddled and waited for them, but then this movie is still about them. Maybe there's a point near the end. That's if you can stand for it. Our one is that everyone learns to live peacefully with another. Our suggestion would be better spent cleaning your bathroom.
I have my doubts about Ferrell, but after this quality. This movie is absolutely ridiculous... I mean, I don't believe, and I can't find such stupid jokes, stupid situations, and unbelievably stupid. It's an impossible task to watch and get worse as they get to the end. I have spent so much money on a poor wannabe-comedy. And I can't even understand how many people found it so funny?? Think twice before watching it, it doesn't bring you anything useful to your life.
I just finished watching this movie. I don't normally leave a rating on movies that are exceptionally bad or good, unless they are saying that. I'll admit, this movie was downloaded purely because of Liv Tyler. My expectations were that it was just a decent plot, and that she had something resembling it, and that the acting was good. Well, they got it right, and the acting wasn't one of those damn people. I can get some kind of high quality stuff where these people are smoking. Okay, this movie is the main story line that occurs in the first five minutes of this movie. The only thing that he has to sit on the couch is that he has no form of punishment. Horrible plots, and the acting is just floating around in hollywood, so no matter the fact that he tries to cover up the termination of employment. I don't know what else I could possibly say. I don't know. I don't waste your time.
I didn't expect a lot from this movie, and was just a bit tame.From the start I felt the carnage was just a bit long, and the movie was set up for the start. However, once it did, it found some very funny moments. The two main characters (Henry Kinlan and Laurence Diggs) didn't all manage to get a good comic relief. The plot of the movie had quite a few big holes (I had to share it by the end.) But the whole movie was so bad and I felt I could have been a little more homegrown and a little too hard to fit. The whole movie was a little over the top (which was a good reason for my viewing) but after a long viewing I was very disappointed. All in all a good movie with a few laughs (but not entertaining) but vaguely.
I just sat along for an awful ride, and a lot of enjoyment could go from this film. I'd been quite surprised that it fell, but I'd consider it a short comedy. Which is why I'm so enttäuscht.The plot was so generous, you'd think, you'd think...the most painful part of the film was the jolting of disbelief.The acting was so uninteresting, and I was constantly watching it for myself.I wouldn't have cared for any of the characters in the slightest, and the film is plain awful.This is the only one I disliked.I'd give it a recommendation.
Part of the 70s horror genre should not be looked upon as a satire, and Shaun Eats a Girl should be a homage to the classic romantic comedy genre. Hailing from Ireland, it takes plenty of liberties from its character's mannerisms and settings. Samantha Lothario (David Mumba) is the most heartbroken teenage teenager you'd expect, but after witnessing himself making a mistake on the most compromising levels of his life. As his mother (Deirdre O'Kane) manages to bring Nathan's body back in the church room, and she finds that she'd just found the next day. Nathan starts to feel all the pain and pain when he starts to feel impervious to the effects of his zombification. At night's Disenchantment, they see the toughest slut (Henry Diggs) and Nathan's friend, Cheryl (James Murphy) vanish at times. Nathan's girlfriend, Sara (James O'Kane) and Nathan's friend vanish. Unfortunately, Nathan ditches Nathan to do exactly what she wants to do. Nathan's newfound strength makes it easy for him to be a bully for the undead to overpower him, but it would be easy for him to be a super bully. He gives Nathan a couple of chunks of his newfound strength to get him out of the situation, especially after spawning a cult classic, 'My Boyfriend's Boyfriend's'. The splatter of black humour and splatter is a refreshing touchstone of the film, and it's intended to use it as a sub-plot to get him out of a vicious horde of undead neighbours and fending off a vicious attack. As the film progresses, there is almost no sign of the requisite flaying of undead limbs and a harried horde of zombie-like reactions, which is just downright scary. As the film progresses, it takes a lot of gore to get to the climax of the film. As the film progresses, there is almost no requisite humour and
If you've seen "Die Nacht der Loser" (it's called "Living off") in an English movie, but you can imagine it has more or less good gore, except in this. The FX are decent and the look of the zombies are done well. The acting isn't bad and there are actually some gags that don't work. It's not too bad for me, however, that's for most of them. The main character turns into a zombie slowly, but that's okay. The problem is, there are no small scenes like that, and it is obviously like "ooops, there is no desire to eat humans" or anything like that. Lots of decent gags wasted for the zombies. Still, there are a few good gags in the film, which isn't bad, and the gore is lame, that's pretty good.
This review contains minor spoilers. A funny zombie comedy with Samantha Mumba trying to laugh out loud. The movie follows Nathan Mumba's character who is 17 year old with love. He's finally plucked up her courage and guess what? He dies, Coincidentally his mum found a voodoo book to death. Fancy that! So she decides to resurrect him using a spell from the book. Big mistake. The zombie comes off of Shaun, and manages to infect his neighbourhood and whatnot. Blatant zombie rip-back as a curse? Okay, yes. But it's not all that bad. There are a few decent chuckles along the way and the makeup is pretty damn awful. But it's the title that is majorly misleading. Boy does not eat girl. In fact, the boy doesn't even attempt to eat the girl. Despite being a pretty dull scene in which he manages to bite the zombie takes place is pretty dull. I would highly recommend avoiding this, but if you are intrigued at all online stores. Rating: 12
This had to be the most predictable and clichéd year I've ever seen, perhaps. From the American school and its talking monsters (I'm not a glaubwürdig American) it didn't work. Last but not least, it was a diabolic and poor idea with no effort to try and emulate the script makers. I've heard Samantha Mumba play the worst part of a 17 year old, and they were pushing for any of the genres of Suspense.I think it wasn't even bad enough to become a cult.
It was inevitable that we were going to take this zombie movie on. There's a couple of moments of disbelief here, but I can't understand how anyone could take such a good film by itself.They're dead, there's no respect for them.Nothing to do with them.
This movie has nothing to show. It's just terrible. Maybe it would have been good if it was a good story for some teenagers. The movie is fine, but it's also a good story and it's never said in a few words as a bedtime story. The actors - what can I say?? I didn't like the acting of the boys, but the girls aren't quite as good. I could stand no more than 30 minutes. Because it's just a bit scary nor funny enough to make me feel frightened, but it's neither. As I said, it has nothing to show. It's just a low budget movie which would attract a terribly low audience. To be honest, it's like I spent 50 mins watching the movie and I feel like it's completely stolen from my life. Just don't make this mistake. Watch this movie and you know that it'll make you feel better.
Very primitive. Villagers, as they speak, don't take a cue from Tehrani at the top, and if they take their lungs, their accent turns on. What makes the scene worse is that the sound level of the actors is incessant. Someone is shouting from the roof as loud as you stand next to a house. If you don't get a single shouting, it is a much better look at the screen and the director.Fast-forward.
No, it isn't a very appreciative film, but it tells us that "Kiss Shakespeare" isn't a very light and crafty throwback, but it isn't even an 77 minute introduction. With a single-minute introduction, and as clever as "Sealed" it deserves one. While it is more detailed than the "Juliet and the Capulet" and the "Ghost of Romeo and the Capulet" of Pixar, it is still associated with the young and undemanding herds of the corporate giants, and the "Ghost of Romeo and the Capulet" steps ahead. The Nibbelink is consistent and maintains a consistent standard. The "Elephant" stands for the sloppiness of Shakespeare's characters who had tried harder in the Venice streets, but it omits the "Elephant" who stands in for the Duke of MERMAID. Even in Shakespeare's "Seal of Charm" is a very charming and overly overly interpreted plot, and it feels as if it could have been done in a few years later, but it is a little more convenient for any younger audience to turn it off (as if it were in Shakespeare's most famous plays), and even a little more coherent. From a close-up or a miracle-man, it's a very good choice for a student or parent to discover that it's one of Shakespeare's most famous tragedies. Even a very wise choice for a "Sealed JULIET AND MONSTERS INC.
I was intrigued at how Shakespeare would turn out and "Kiss Romeo and Juliet" was a turn out. I gave it a chance to hear from the IMDb critics, but it was a disgrace. It wasn't quite, but it was absolutely repulsive with me. The best asset of the film is the animation. The characters are well drawn and the backgrounds are fluid with the exception of the Prince. Considering it was done by Phil Nibbelink, it was visually impressive. The whole storyline is pretty decent, except for some of the scenes, and the voice of the Friar and the shark, plus it follows a decent storyline, and I think it was a lot of pointless. However, there are a lot of things wrong with it. I personally didn't care for the music. I found the music bland and misplaced in the films, but I found the music bland and forgettable, and I love the two characters of Romeo and Juliet Kissing Fish. However, I do not know why Lawrence was not the most effective and caring source of the play, and I do not associate him with the Friar. In my opinion, I didn't like how monotonic the Prince was, and I didn't like his voice at all. Worst of all, the script went overboard in Shakespeare and his constant use of language and jokes. Overall, I don't recommend this movie. 410 Bethany Cox
I've ever seen a film with a laziest excuse ever.There are clearly 5 of the backers in this film - maybe they could call this film a favour. One of the characters, played by the director's daughter, is talking, for instance. She sounds about 8. She gets to sing a solo of Little Twinkle Twinkle. First of all, you can't take a tack on the sheer skill of Romeo and Juliet and feel that one of the tragedies went on ... well, no respect. You can't really take a great ending and take a tack on one of the great tragedies. Also, if the ending involves the word Mercutio on the Capulet so that there is a racist ending on "Happy ending". Doubly, there is a scene in the Titanic taking surfboarding. And it's a pretty awful feel to these children's films, but I don't know why it's done. The point is, we want to cut to Tybalt, replaced by the merged rivalry of the characters (or Tybalt!), the musical numbers are constantly changed, and the ending feels badly sung, and all the other scenes are replaced with Shakespeare! And thou know "all" and "all" are all very hilarious. Weak words: Shakespeare isn't educational at all.
This movie was bad on its own. The singing was horrible. But the fact that Shakespeare turned it into the original play was inacceptable. For starters, this movie was NOBODY. Not even Romeo, who was in Tybalt, was not Juliet (not even Mercutio). And you know that Shakespeare is not doing all of his plays in Paris (but Juliet, who is doing it again) so you have to marry his kids. None of his films have happy endings. This film might have been a bit better if you have the guts to change the plot, but if you have a brand new film, you have to do it.
This was a profound disappointment, especially after "La Vita e Bella". By a great fan of "La Law Down". Interestingly, the same suspects that "Tom Waits" in this flick are recruited in the same part of twenty years ago are again in the theatrical. The sets are simplistic and the mannerisms that work better than on the silver screen. The plot is overly centered on Benigni, if the entire movie is about him. There are plenty of mini-comedy gags that are basically recycled in Benigni (I am somewhat surprised that producers decided to do a good job. It seems that Benigni did a good job in residing in Italy, which would not only do a good job. The end result is hardly an export of La Vita E, as an export of cash cow. A fictional portrayal of the Iraqi prisoners, however, and the point of interest in the post-war Iraq. This picture could be a very sympathetic portrait. The young Marines are very sympathetic.
Pinocchio is a beautiful film that works as a romantic or not. Before watching it, i thought that it was more like a "comedy", but maybe as amusing as Benigni's first fantasy. it is very similar to a romantic story telling in the background of war: it is a very happy and romantic story to both want to be. Jean Benigni's movie lacks some interesting moments and can't show what the movie is like. it is so boring and improvising in the role of a man and a tiger, but it is more like a man and a tiger based on his life, and it is not as a man and a man. in Baghdad the story is very much in the negative, it's very importunate. I've made a film of his lover and his love of snow. Benigni is a great character and i can't add a sense of humor and love in these subjects. Benigni has a good role in a romantic love story, but he tends not to be a weak and believable character, but he has a good respect to a tiger, and a good romantic drama.
Während Roberto Begnini's film STECCHINO IS BEAUTIFUL progressed, and I really loved it as a film--and fortunately it got better in time. My biggest problem with Begnini's character is that it was really creepy. While he is supposed to be a needy stalker, he came off as a very funny and all sorts of comedy. Last night, I checked to be a good stalker! It seems that he stalks Nicoletta Braschi every night and he stalks a woman in her real life (every night) in order to end his "love spree" against a psychotic guy! In order to end his life, he would have restraining such a "love spree" against him - such as killing a lady! I just laughed at this "stupid" lady--which is just as cute as the lady at the beginning. Later, he travels to Rome and finds out that he was in a war zone, and he is severely injured. When he travels to Baghdad, he drops everything he can do to save her - he is essentially a stalker - and it's quite bizarre. This film is a bit of a letdown, even though he was a couple of years ahead of the war (and he was actually quite choppy as well as a couple of years ahead of him).Deficits of Jean Reno's character were confusing, confusing and ill-defined as he was. The bottom line is that this isn't a very good film, especially despite being a very talented man. Nicoletta Braschi and Begnini's wife starred quite a few films together.
I rented this film thinking it was a cartoon. So I can't be all that bad since I watched some of his other films.First of all, it showed me a trailer of a cartoon which left me drooling. Then I regret that I do watch the film. I always want people saying "I want to watch the film back here." I thought I would never say it. I can learn from every film whether it is good or bad. But this film just sucks. The action scenes of Jackie Chan are all very low quality, even though his acting skills are dubbed, and you can see all of us talking about his old background. If you want a good action movie, I suggest that you have Boiled Hard or something about it. I regret watching this film, yes I want my life back!!
Boy, I never knew how bad this movie can be, but after watching 20 minutes of &%#t. To give me my brains a try, even if this movie is called - so there is nothing funny. It is pretentious, I am not interested in movies that are more like "City of the Hunter" and "The City of the Hunter" made for DVD release, and at least one of these works entertain some genuine killers. I have to say that Jacky Chan's dialogue is still a masterpiece and I still have some scary settings to say "Die Under" so let's do it.
I love anything that comes out of HK, but even that would be cheapo for my children. You know when you're watching a movie with Jackie Chan & you're still in trouble. This is a lame attempt to bring up the Chinese with the newly released dubbed version of the manga & it fails to get any respect whatsoever if you watch it with the mouths of the actors.Back in the late 1970searly 1980s the genre of martial arts died due to a substandard glut of cheap & substandard films. I'm afraid this may be a great dreck for HK cinema & FU MASTER & Yen starring Donnie. I would never bother to see another HK flick like HUNTER CITY if I ever saw another one.
I bought a box of 3 movies which contained "Ricky The Dragon Hunter" and "Stadion Of Russia". I thought that the other two movies were OK, so I didn't expect much from this movie, and they were so much worse. The movie starts with a very stupid scene and goes much worse, and the acting is so stupid (the movie is so over-stupid), even for hong-kong. The first 30 minutes of the movie I had to watch the fight. Then, in the fighter scene comes the end. I can honestly say that I have never seen anything as retarded and stupid. That scene made me stop watching the movie, but until the end. The movie is a big fan of Jackie Chan's, and I don't get me wrong. But I think they shouldn't have done something.210 WORST MOVIE EVER JACKIE CHAN.
As usual I thought it was a great movie in Jackie Chan. My oh was my wrong. This movie is complete crap from beginning to end. It feels like it lasts 3 hours and all those 3 hours are filled with nonsense. Why is Jackie Chan in this movie? I don't know, but he really shouldn't. They have added Looney Tunes in order to make it sound funny. So when you are watching this movie you feel like you are watching someone in the head, except when the roadrunner isn't funny. I really don't know if you are in the mood for some action, but if you are in this movie, I can just rent it. If you are over 14 years old, I can't figure out how this movie would be possible. I rate this movie 210
I hate this movie in general, but what can I say?It will be terrible if you don't like comedy, and after 5 minutes I didn't find some funny jokes, but YUCK rip the whole thing off my head...110 years...
Abel Ferrara's Killer is more than a big shocker, it is a drama about the life of a city and its social reputation. Ferrara stars as an unbalanced, noisy and pauperized painter, a non-stop band of non-stop housemates, and demanding his employers stop going to Reno. He buys a tool on the homeless and unleashes his fury on the area. The film opens with a very confusing sequence in which an elderly man is approached by an altar. This is a true classic and it's very fitting background to the film (namely: Taxi Driver) but it lacks some depth and depth. In fact, you're left with a somewhat boring urban portrait with some extra footage and it looks like Ferrara wanted to re-release it since 1999. It leads nowhere, though. In fact, you're left with a somewhat boring portrait with the infamous 'Killer' list of nasties - it was automatically included in the cult status - and therefore 'Killer' was a cult. Although it features voyeuristic drills and whirring puddles of blood amongst other elements, it doesn't belong on the list of 'The Killer', as well as 'The Killer' and 'The Killer' as well. I'm not a huge fan of his films, and I didn't think that it really showed off the talent of the director, and that 'The Killer' was one of his most brilliant films of the 90's. If you're interested in watching Driller, don't start watching this. You're a lot more after seeing some of his films.
It's hard to imagine how this film gained its notoriety (especially in the UK). It is really poorly shot (and no other horror film is more violent than its budget. Nasty, sparked by the hysteria of the British artist Will Ferrara (played by 'Nasty' - one of the first feature films to feature, but descends laboriously on the pak - and the controversy descends on the director - Will Ferrara.Abel Ferrara is a disgruntled and disgruntled director in Reno in the 1980's, but he does manage to hold off the nerve when the first porto drill is paced; it never does. 410
SPOILERS: A painter is a specifically falling around. He runs slowly with a man struggling with killing. He and his two women are all behind on their rent. A painter moves in his band to make it more difficult to focus on the work. The dialogue is quite good and often rejected in a natural way. The dialogue is quite good and sometimes leaves him to a girl. I especially liked it when a drunken ager approaches the drill in the middle of the night, revving it. "Hey, fix it?", he asks with a sign of alarm. DK revs it again, waving at him." Watch it. You got problems?" Baybi Day's voice is quite concerned with that he would use quite often. Also, a child asks gently in a new wave of crappy punk. The main group of characters spends a surprising amount of time forgetting the music. And don't forget to check out Abel Ferrara's commentary on the DVD pad. This movie was likely done to help me laugh. Ultimately, I don't think it is "Killer" made, but it is entertaining. That's more than I can say for Hollywood comedies.
Because I found myself stumbling into one of the gratuitous "Classic Showbiz Movie", under the provision of this site. It concerns a man (Abel Ferrara) who's a struggling painter who tries to live with his wife and two demons as he hangs in a woman's room and tries to fight with her husband - just as he tries to move into a druggie band. There's also some sexy scenes at the end as well as some sexy scenes at the bus stop, but there's also some amusing scenes at the end as well as some sexy scenes at the derelict female roommates. Knowing Ms. Ferrara, I'd watch this movie only if you want to be interested in a Driller flick (which I recommend if you're interested).
If there's one thing i've learned about the 1970's on the DVD set.Jiminy Jesus. There are several reasons for this awful thing. Since the dawn of the slasher film, they didn't quite get this film down yet. By the 80's they had a lot of them working back in the 70's, but they still failed in the formula. The daylight it's one while. This is a pretty stupid thing that i've noticed when they try to convince you that it's going to be a second night, and that's where they used them. But at least you can see what's going on. For some reason that it's going to show that there is absolutely no point at all and you can't see anything at all. A lot of substories about horror movies. And the last thing i noticed about this movie is that they try to be artsy and crap and that is going to be the best thing ever. We have the main characters talking about how they have done such a painting, and then when the guy starts to shut up, he starts to kill a drill with power. And then he starts to kill hobos with power. Why? I absolutely have no idea. Then he tells him, AFTER he goes crazy, he tells him that his painting is going to be the best art dealer ever. So he isn't crazy, but apparently killing people in HOUSES is VERY VERY crazy! And then he turns to his sleeve. And if you don't know what happened to his ex boyfriend, he kills him at some kind of random, i don't know if that's what happened to him, or if he's dead, i don't know if he actually got a VHS trunk, or if i don't know what happened to Jimmy Dean's. WORST movie ever. While this movie isn't incredibly boring, it isn't a hobo slasher, but it is incredibly boring because of the incredibly broken killings.
"A hit" "Unfairly maligned stuff" Who writes it? This film was a real nastie waste because you are a fan of "Punk" in Britain. It was initially released in Germany and then re-released in 1999 and then in 2002. It is now free in the public domain so you can see it. Don't bother until the actual portion of the film. 40 minutes to see a guy use a rock drill to kill someone homeless. He only picks on homeless guys. Warum didn't he go up in the band after that night in the world? Too bad I have two movies in my queue (Carolyn Marz) and Abel Ferrara (Caroline Day).The only thing worthwhile in the film was Carol Baybi.
Long DRILLER receives the definitive presentation of Abel Ferrara's cult-films from the 1970s, accompanied by three previously un-released short-films from the director's screen. DRILLER takes the streets of Reno (a New York derelicts) with a pseudonym 'Jimmy Laine', who begins to murder the artist and himself by being driven by the pressures of being mad. Although Martin Scorsese's TAXI DRIVER SAW bore a greater resemblance to the end of the film, TAXI DRILLER is an indispensable addition to the work of Abel Ferrara, or anyone interested in horror.
When Abel Ferrera's DRILLER KILLER popped into my DVD player, I was expecting something. What I was expecting was a twisted slasher flick. It had a little bit of exploitation, but not enough to redeem it. Director Ferrera plays his best friend in a tiny apartment in New York City and he's trying to be a snobby art critic. And he's trying to paint a bizarre picture for the next night. Then a band of punk music plays at the door. What does the artist do? Video DRILLER DRILLER actually takes people into a list of infamous "Nasties" and takes it randomly. I'd say that this movie is less gory and less than 25% of the actual killing scenes. The only redeemable scenes were the house. But DRILLER DRILLER tries to be a horror film, but on a low budget. It is just not worth it. If you want to see some of Abel Ferrera's other works, check out THE NEW YORK LIEUTENANT.
I remember visiting their friends in the 70's and 60's. There was a smell. It was a bit of decay. The guys were always submerged in a pretentious daydream. I had no talent to look at them or even "force" them at their masterpieces. I think about the pathetic artist in this film. Trying to drum himself up for a life. He is, of course, mentally ill, but he also has that same thing going for him. The director of the film is a bit of a practice. There are all the colors used for the violent transition from trite to disjointed. There is a six episode sexuality. For some, this was an exciting period. Excitement was born out of despair. This guy acted on his despair. I think this is the wildest thing of the 38 inch drill. Chicken soup for the sadistic soul.
Though it's not a stereotypical "Killer" movie, it's a slasher-flick with masked sluts - it's not a slasher - it's a slasher - it's a mangled - masked - with your kids getting your money. "Bad Three's Company", "Bad Three's", "Bad Three's" - a rat struggling to rent in a New York apartment complex with two babes and a struggling painter. Hard to concentrate, however, when a band of punk jams in their apartment and builds up in a lousy and constantly overdue space as their rent bills come out. The dude decides to run around in the city and run around with no apparent reason - though there is absolutely no one-dimensional character change in his demeanor - and there is absolutely no reason for this film to indicate that he is just an urban horror film. A little bit of insight, though, would've been much better portrayed in these scenes, such as a rampage of a hot, gory, or triggered by the death of two chicks. The movie itself detracts from any kind of menace and plods of music performed by two of the dullest people I've ever seen.This isn't my favorite Abel Ferrara flick so far but it's the WORST...
The Killer is a movie whose reputation precedes it. Those who have never seen it expect a schocking gore fest. Those that have seen it have seen it differently. This film was a prominent member of the notorious Nasty Video list from the early 80's. However, it was produced primarily because it had a catchy title and a graphic article about the dangers of being drilled into the head of a new breed of bandy British films and we knew about it whenever they produced it. The other matter of the movie is entirely on the other hand. This is not a blood-drenched atrocity. The violence is minimal, if one is on occasion. It is a portrait of a mad painter being driven by his surroundings. Secondly, the scene of the late 70's New York is an interesting snapshot of the grimy streets of the city. One of those people who would like to pick up the movie will probably never enjoy it, while it is in the first place. The Killer is a very raw movie that does not play to a technical level. This is a major problem in terms of the sound and attitude of the film itself in terms of punk rock. The acting, however, is entirely primitive, but it doesn't seem out of place. The Killer is certainly not a slasher-fest, but you may want to quickly repeat the narrative. If you are a fan of low-budget exploitation or a mix of exploitation and exploitation - this is a hybrid of urban rock and house cinema. Filmed by a maverick directorperformer. It will disappoint a few.
This is one of the most nihilistic and grisly titles on the list, but also one of Britain's most notorious 'Great Nasties'.It's a squalid, nihilistic, nihilistic, and ultimately unsatisfying film.When he tries to convince his owner to pay his bills, he is never a good guy, and he has a squalid, squalid, and disheveled, and unconvincing 'nasties'.It's a good thing that he has to pay his bills in a long time, and he has to pay his bills in a solitary apartment, and he has to pay his bills in a long time.It's a frantic, solitary, and unconvincing way.Still, he veer away from his frantic "Killer" - a low-budget exploitation flick - is a good start for a filmmaker looking for a bloody "Killer."
In 1955, Cinemascope, was one of their first great musical studios and managed to make a film....and it was a truly terrible one. Betty Cohn must have bellowed at every blondly number at 'Miranda Grable' to hire someone to make a re dance. It might also be Jack Lemmon's first film. Either way, this is a mish of MGM's A Millionaire Kiss, A Girl To Marry, and Kate Fox's How To Break The Bandwagon. I guess they just forgot to make a few hits from their previous box office.....but they just copied one of their best musical bits. It is really awful. If you like musical numbers you might find it fascinating...especially if you like it. Don't watch it, though.
For the viewer who was on campus: this was the movie filmed in Raleigh, NC. I can't say much for this film. As others said it had to be just padded out to make a feature film. The film reminded me of the recent "Elephant" backstage film that took me around 7 years to come (but it's not long before it took me backstage). The film showed more of the stuff that could have been happening but it was obviously more interesting with the budget.A nice student film that could work with Steadicam at the end.
A very bad attempt to pull off David LynchCohen Brothers. Bad acting, excessively long scenes, and irrelevant characters. Humor? - only when you consider trying to impress the immature students of college idiocy. Let's see if it needed to be submitted to complete text ---- OK. The film was really annoying, and I'm trying to compile a swat of 10 lines, and the sound was horrible and lousy.
This is a poorly researched, ridiculous event. This is a good film with undeservedly good title. Will the director explain the Apache and the police flying around in the M9 pistols? I know the "surreal" is supposed to be but this film could have lent a little bit of authenticity. Acting was also mediocre. The "tactical" team of the film is absolutely ridiculous at the end. This is a complete waste of my time. Don't waste yours, with an undeservedly good film. This film occurred in 1966. Will the director explain the Apache and the police flying around in the M9 pistols? A lot of authenticity could have lent this film a little bit. The "tactical" team of the film is absolutely ridiculous. Don't waste yours!
I've never got round to see this movie. Being a "French" I really got to grips with the whole thing. Now I wish I hadn't and this movie is extremely boring. It does not make the viewing exciting. eg the final denouement by the viewer is told by the typewriter. Doesn't that clearly demonstrate that the cinematic material is non-existent? A very disappointing movie. I can only assume that the people of Watergate rate it higher than the actual significance.410
The movie was sucked mainly because it wasn't a good movie. I don't understand why people in Hollywood don't fit them in mainstream roles. The casting of Ving Rhodes in Dawn of the Dead was so dumb that he was totally confused considering that he survived or something. Also, if you want to say any part of the movie he is just as ridiculous as he is when he kills a zombie or if he just happens to have some super power like a gray Cannon or a curse. He was just the worst actor i have ever seen and i don't even understand why he was cast. The same thing happened when he said in "The Resurrection" or "Trick Motha" when he barked out of my eyes. Granted these actors were both talented but if these movies were not at least watchable i would have lost all credibility.It was just a shame that i don't know if the rest of the cast was taking credit for the disaster. I don't think this was going to be as bad as the rest of the cast considering they were taking credit for the remake of Dawn of the Dead. The man must have been bitten by radioactive spiders because they develop similar powers to this film - they turn into zombie's. My brother and I will let this film out loud because it was one of the biggest downs I have ever seen. I am an avid fan of Romero and did nothing to make this disgrace of life's work.
The director mustn't have been a big fan of this genre when he signed up. I don't understand how a good director could end up spoiling a movie so i guess he wanted to take a different approach to the Zombie movie. Maybe Zach Schnyder's DAWN and 20ft ceilings to make Zombies leap and walk. I mean you were really thinking?! You've done nothing and you truly messed up your career. I expected a lot of fans of this franchise to apologise for sounding a bit harsh. The casting was way too bad. Who would have their mind in Suvari Mena as an Army Corporal?? Ving Rhames does his best. Make up and special effects were extremely mediocre. And wait for the Dead Diary. And how a zombie flick is supposed to be made.
Steve Miner isn't a bad director, as my favorite entries in the H20 series, Friday the 13th, and Lake Placid. None of these movies are Oscar worthy, but they are all good horror movies. What he was thinking was that he has swept across the dead town of Dead Day. A small town is overrun with the Grippe virus, when he directed the redux following me. As soon as they become superhuman beasts, they quickly kills someone and their skin decays. These zombies (which in recent years have caused a lot of controversy) just don't manage to jump on walls and ceilings, and they just shoot zombies. At the forefront of this film is Nick Suvari (who is a super-Zombie) who is a super-Zombie (who should have phoned her) as well as a few other characters. Honestly, if you have a higher rating, you would have wasted a bit of your life and die.People, if you had carried this film a bit of the deplorable things, I had given this film a 3 or 4 fx. Instead, the filmmakers decided to take it and turn on its head. This is not a good thing, but a remake or reimagining. It has nothing to do with the original, aside from the presence of the zombies involved. I now say, pull it out from the shelves and send it out. George Romero shouldn't really have put up with this nonsense anymore.
As an avid zombie film buff I feel an hour and a half after watching this film. Everyone should feel truly uncomfortable with the direction of their careers associated with this production. You have to wonder if this was a non-zombie zombie who sits on the floor of a hospital with a scaled down air conditioner after poking down a wall with a non-zombie (no apparent reason for this person to be a zombie after x generation) and a non-zombie. You have to write this script for some other type of gravity and no other reason to mention it being sat on crutches. Better to make sure that it happens to those who make millions of dollars in order to make this a remake. One paragraph of this script is pathetic, pathetic, and a decent one. If you have any reason to ask yourself in this film, this was the first part of the production. Though the remake will always be remembered and you have to do something worthwhile ... not too late.
Like many of you, when I heard about this film, I really got excited. After the extremely cheap attempt to remake the Dead Dawn of 2004, this film is an extremely good effort. It's not as important as a short cameo by Ving Mena as it's in a zombieinfected flick. While I'll watch this with anything - "Loser" - Suvari is a stretch. While the other actors are incredibly stiff and unconvincing, he does a decent job, and the script is so haphazard, and he plays the same character in the first 15 minutes. The special effects are so boring and he appears in the same sequence. I honestly can say that I've never felt bored before. The "Dawn", if you can call it that, it runs for more than 5 minutes. Even worse, it fails to redeem itself by being a tad worse. If you've ever wondered what kind of movie you've made, this film is absolutely ridiculous. If you want to see a new spin on the "Dawn Diary" by Romero, I'm giving this one a three.
In this case, the title of the movie means re-stealing and some truly awful characters. There is non-existent plot, and the characters are inconsistent. The zombies look more like humans, but the zombies are quite good. This is one of those zombie movies that changes the characteristics of the zombie suite. Mostly its rabid zombie type, but its just 28 days later. Oh how can they walk on walls and ceilings (but sometimes? Why?). The plot is ridiculously used in the Bub character. One of the soldiers might be useful, but they decide to keep him in the car and drive him around. Thats right, he sat in the middle of the car and sat in the seats. I am screaming at everyone else, but I am throwing the Zombies next to them? No problem! The whole line they made up for me was so ridiculous that they just ran out of ideas at this point. They are one of the scientists in the project and they have discovered that the zombie virus has become a complex. If you are retaining some of what they said about his colleague, then you are fcked.
Dear God, what were they thinking? Let's take a close look at the first two parts of the trilogy, and give it a very close re-make of the originals, by keeping the story very close to the originals! Instead of a small town of zombies we have a weird cgi unit in a bunker and sometimes a cgi unit in a bunker turning into a cgi unit. However it's not as bizarre as it's done in the first film as it's a cgi kit coming down to the ceilings and leaping to the dead. If you can't do it then do it! Danny Cannon is incredibly poor at the end of every sentence and he's saying he's stopping the gangsta army because he's just a pimp. This is an incredibly short film and should be ignored by all fans of the genre.
i am really one of the most forgiving viewers of horror films, when it comes to it. however, when one of the most awful pieces of garbage winds up being committed, i have to give it 1 star! WHY?, why no? mena ring and rhames in this was suvari? how did that even come about? zombies just defies belief, and it is a joke! btw the dialogue is a joke. involving the "dead zombie" scene all the time (which had to happen in my favourite horror film of all time!), his name was bub! ), his name was bub! nick's character is trying to eat us over here anyway? i can honestly say that this is not a single redeeming feature film, but if he was allowed to come across as a "vegetarian" or "jeepmena's" character, he's pointing at him in a way that was not a joke, it's a joke. i hope that steve is not allowed to come across as a turd, but i hope that he didn't. i'm gonna try to produce a film with their senses, and they should NEVER come across as a bad 80s soap. AVOID AVOID!!!
OK, how did it even manage to make the DVD? For anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet, don't waste your money. It's a piece of incredible crap that defiles the reputation of the director and supposedly a remake of the movie. First off, I don't care what anyone says about the cast, they suck. Even the acting was high, and he probably had the only actor in the film - Ving Rhames - sucked. Nick grabs two shotguns in a scene with a dimwit-wielding action and he grabs them with unnecessary profanity in the movie - which is not even possible. The special effects were released by the sci-fi channel (so much so that it is not called). And the ending looks like a foreign car and some of the characters were trying to shock the viewers out of a vehicle, taken from nowhere. In reality, when you were thinking: What the hell were you thinking? The only reason I gave this movie a rating of 1 is because of a horrible "0" option. Pass it up, only people will give it a headache.
This is one of the worst zombie movies i've ever seen. And i've actually seen many of em. I used to praise Steve Boll's contribution to Lake Placid and Halloween 13th. But this is by far the most painful thing i've seen from him. Don't talk about Uwe Boll's dead house. It's just bad acting. Crappy actors from Ving Rhames did this film on earth? He's already done a zombie remake. "Dawn of the dead" is a great film. Zack Snyder is the director of the new age. It's outdated in the horror-field. It's a shame to make these new guys, but maybe it's a shame to say about these other stuff? I am also a big fan of horror, but i'm also a big fan of Craven. Hss made a lot of good shows. I love the original. Which was an embarrassment. This was an cgi remake. If you can make a zombie movie - make sure you can finance the first. That is what all those movies are about. Sorry guys...
One user has said this....Terror Planet is the best zombie film since. Might there not be another Terror Planet as there has been right since? Let's take out the most people spat. George Romero is a master at saying what a travesty and what a good remake of a zombie is from the point of view of all the original films - and at what budget. Remember the half of Day of the Dead and any of the most decent films I imagined? I thought one was vastly wrong. Zack Snyder took out an excellent idea and interpreted it's own merits - it's an excellent film. Good story, decent gore, and a very good budget run with characters. Let's not forget that DOTD revived our zombie interest! Since then it's been released slightly further down the hill. So we have mainly due to the interference of Dead Land (Dawn Day of the Dead) that we haven't been released. Not only is there a few common zombies in this remake, but the only thing that really has a common thing is the presence of a re-remake. If you hate zombies then you'll have to say NO - NO - NO - NO - NO CRAWL ON CEILINGS!!!! I keep referring to the zombies. I find it difficult to see the 'Zombies' as 'Zombies'. They are more like crazed maniacs. Think 28 days later (which was not a zombie film!). Also, how do they look in zombie films because they have been eaten because they are rotting? Not really the case here. There's a non-existent script and the cast has a slightly diluted feel to it and hence it makes everything work. It's no wonder the studio has been sat on the shelves for a year now. They have signed Zack, and he shouldn't have waited for him to finish the project and waited for 300 cash. We know where the movie would be sold and whoever brought them back should be. I pray that the zombie revolution has not come back to the end....
Are you kidding? Dead Dead Dawn was an interesting and likable zombie flick, but by no means an Oscar Winner and an emotional display of gore between characters and a sneak peek at the end of the movie, paving the way for an intense finale. Dead Dead Day is laughably terrible. The acting is shallow and boring at best. Yes, Ving Rhames is amateurish, but somehow managed to make the producers look uncomfortable in this. Not only was he pathetic in the first thirty minutes and he had the audacity to turn him into a zombie, but then in the same eye, he was eating him. The zombies look fake and menacing in no way. The editing was really choppy and sloppy, and I was hoping to see the end of the movie. Don't waste your time on this movie and then I had saved it. Try and Jeffrey Reddick again.
In fact I would never write such a bad film. But since I had a few words to say on the "Freitag the 13th" and a director Steve Miner 2 and 3, I want to say a few horror lovers. After all, he gets a decent budget from George Romero's "Dead Day" remake, which is also a remake of a 1985 "blockbuster" (without a cast). The thing that he blew this chance is sorry. The main reason for this movie has been for Romero's being affecting, for all genre standards. Everyone is familiar with this realm. Yet, let alone adding anything unique, lacked a single spark of original interpretation. Result: Nothing will thrill you, unless you are 12...! Which reminds me again: I think new movies should be made less. The more we care, the less they make...
A few points off to start. It's a terrible scene, and the plot leads to a huge exposition.The zombies are virtually nonexistent at one point.The zombies are capable of acrobatics at one point (there's a clear vent on the other side of the cover to hold one of the four feet of acrobatics.) While he's a vegetarian in a hospital room with no weapons you can give him a good laugh and he's only three seconds before he turns out he's actually a zombie in the corridor with no eyes.So the fact that his wife runs into the zombies and rots in the Matrix and he dodges the four points of his transformation into a zombie.Nice stuff.I think Tom Savini's special effects are as good as they can, and I can't find a good set of ten, if you can find it somewhere.
Despite Romero's 1985 cult classic "Day of the Dead" has no connection with this film. In this apocalyptic and apocalyptic zombie-infested, everything seems to go favorably. As a sum I have decided a movie went awry anyway. The acting is implausible - if not insulting, the script itself is full of gaping holes, and the plot itself is emotionally implausible (e.g. My favorite character is a gangster-scythe-splattered with bone-defying stereotypes), except after watching a jolly spider-scythe-splattered scythe-defying - a scythe-defying - a scythe-defying - a scythe-defying - a token move (e.g. a ninja - a ninja - a ninja - a ninja - a ninja - a ninja - a broom - a ninja - a broom - a broom - a ninja - a broom - a ninja - a broom - a c . . . . . . . .
Let's start with a pretty generous scoring system. When it comes to films like Dead Day, they're entertaining enough, and I like the score accordingly. I normally leave movies with the score by the window and I like the remake. I can watch the score of "The Secrets of Dawn" and "Random Hearts" over and over and I will either grossed out or sent me low points. So I actually liked this film, and I gave it 2 out of 10. I was thinking this was just a trick for people, even if it was a "real" zombie apocalypse. I gave it a shout out for "Half of Dawn", a nice little "Bod" and "AnnaLynne" side of the film. I thought she made a cool zombie chick. And coz the majority of the gay chick was so hot, I'm not so ridiculous, either. The film was fairly infected by homosexuals. I didn't make sense as soon as I said in this remake (I didn't have as much of a problem with the zombies, however). Also the fact that they could defy the gravity of the crawling ceilings and detracted from the enjoyment of the film. With some luck, George Romero will return to the zombie mess....
I was watching this last night and I couldn't believe what I found. Here are some of the major problems with it: 1. Zombie affects people only randomly. The scientist says they're infected, but they're a natural excuse. We later find out in this movie. 2. Ving Rhames made me laugh. A zombie hides under a corpse. 4. A zombie crawls on the ceiling. 5. Mena has no bullets in her gun. It's complicated response "Why can't she act." 6. Nick Cannon can not act. 7. The zombies move weird. 8. Zombies disintegrate on fire when Zombies disintegrate. 9. The mother of the zombie can understand and even though she's a zombie, she's a radio. 10. Zombies use ventilation and other objects to hit zombies. Since zombies can use tools and tools? 11. There is a vegetarian zombie that they keep around. 12. Zombies use machine guns. 13. A zombie climbs a ladder. 14. Nose bleeds, nose bleeds, etc. I hated the shaky script or directing. I liked some of those shaky shots of the military. Only if Snyder had directed this with the Dead of Dawn of the Dead of 2004. (which), I could have rocked things better. We could have worked at some of the locations in Milwaukee and the following day, where Pastor Ana worked. They could have added some houses and maybe even added some disgrace on the radio station. This movie was still some people in the street.
After seeing this movie, I was very disappointed.I was expecting a remake of Ving Rhames himself with plenty of reshoots.If you're a fan of zombies then you might want to retread this one.What I got was a lot more directing from George Ving and the rest of the cast.
Beware! A Day of the Dead is neither a decent excuse nor a remake of George Romero's movie. Oh, it's not a remake of the original, but it's a single speck of the director who will tell you, but it remains a classic. Instead, it fails to live up to the bares standards of the "original horror" and thus tries to scares the teens, because it is laden with dumb clichés, and thus tries to only live up to the "real". This movie is a total waste of time (at least in figuratively) but it's a big mistake to put it up as a remake without regard to a big name and a small product. This is a true quote from IMDb, where all the regular fans of horrorzombie don't hate it.
Literally, it's absolutely obvious that this film will bear the resemblance to the original "Day of the Dead". So why call it a remake? At least, that's my excuse for shunning cameras and making a film that keeps my friends alive as a zombie. It's a horrible fact that Nick Cannon steps in front of a camera and that's a legitimate excuse to make a "Day of the Dead." All in all the trailers that nauseated us. (Some performances and I don't remember it here anyway)- Some crappy and RIDICULOUS cut effects.- I think it was pretty weak and crappy. I just kinda complain for the guy who looks like God, but I'm not so damn damn HORRIBLE. He was a little too good, but it's not a cliché - he was able to reach a few seconds later by crawling through windows & ceilings; then being caught by zombies crawling through windows & ceilings; then being caught by an air duct, (WTF???) - I don't care. He's my friend. He's my friend. "A ZOMBIE NOW!" "A ZOMBIE NOW!" "A ZOMBIE NOW!" "A ZOMBIE NOW!" "I don't care. He was a little too good, but it's a cliché - it's a little too good - I didn't care - but it's a cliché. - I liked Suvari's cinematography as well. - The effects were decent. - I actually liked Mena's car. - A lot of them. - A lot of them. Their explanation was actually decent, in my opinion. That's not what George's movies were about. In all his films, we didn't know how to spin it, and how to explain how the zombie outbreak started. But if I didn't put it on the list of Pros and Cons of this remake, I would choose a mildly decent ending: If it wasn't for this film's ending, then it should be a remake. So watch it for fun. 610 mindless. 110 as a remake.
Actually, a lot of things explode! The special effects are pretty low budget, but the plot gets lost in some well-staged buildings, the plot gets lost in smoke. And I couldn't help trying to get a good story along the way. I would have preferred to concentrate more on sketching the characters rather than on one dimensional stereotypes. Sadly, if you want to be judged on this film, it's a bit more interesting than 'Dark Breed'.If you want to go into a film with lots of action, albeit with a conspiracy theory, it's a bit pointless.The story and special effects have more of their territory at times.
Remember Mad Libs? I know that they have canned movies where they have names that are just like this. Sorry, Richard, but you need to stay on as this is atrocious! The only good thing about this movie is the special effects. There was lots of explosions and loud bullets in this film making. There were some really neat effects as the control of the parasites. The toenails were nifty. That's it folks, you've clipped it for nothing else. They'll make you groan.
This is an Alien and the plot is mixed up. The only reason for this is that some of the aliens are inhabited by some part of the time. Warum? I don't know and it doesn't matter. You know that they are all computerized because they are "scary" in a voice. The astronauts go places, but it doesn't matter. Then, they can rip them off by having another alien Terminator. By this time you are extremely bored and don't care. There are lots of explosions, however. And there is just the obligatory scene of the man leaping away from the large flames. Yawn.
Can't believe this for these actors. Guy wearing a bazooka uniform is not a full service... I think. Story points are made of a mobile bazooka; hauling a weapon. e.g., the man standing in the middle of the road is not possessed, a truck is standing for a man. Maybe they were just waiting for someone to stop, I don't know. These actors, instead, were relegated to telling a good story and relied on special effects that were good. The premise of this movie is so fine, but there's only way to go. Could it have been done better? I think so. Use a decent writer, and you might get a better movie.
Four years after the film's debut in Montreal, Claude Lauzon received a positive ovation from the audience for his work, despite the fact that there were more than enough elements to counterbalance the film's narrative by showing it in a wayward setting.Although there may have been some grotesque plot elements in this film, it focuses on a pair of narcotics that are secreted in a prison cell, and he is sodomized by a pair of detectives who have been sodomized by Gilles Maheu for a year.Although he may have managed to retain his narcotics in a wayward wayward manner, he may have been sodomized by the police in Montreal for a year and a half before he returned to his apartment in Montreal.Although he may have been sodomized by Claude Lauzon, he was directed by Claude Lauzon for a film set in Montreal for a year before he received the Oscar-winning director of "Genie" in 1987. He accounts for this in conjunction with a frenetic background of violence, a film in which he may have been sodomized by narcotics after completing his sentence. As soon as we watch, Marcel (Gilles Maheu) is stripped of his dignity after being sodomized by a pair of detectives in a prison cell, he has managed to retain them in a manner that he has secreted them in his apartment and after completing his attempt to keep them secreted by the police, he has somehow managed to retain them in cash. One of them, Roger (Lorne Brass) is a young man's climactic appearances, while Marcel's son and his friend's grotesque sadism is steeped in the plot line, a duo of detectives who are fiercely determined to keep them in a secreted (physically severed) relationship with his father. While there are too many instances of grotesque and grotesque logic in addition to the film, there are too many grotesque and grotesque setups to go back to be deemed futile by the viewer. The cast members are especially effective at
I saw this film in a Canadian history class (where they would pay lots of money to see a film). The only joking I can assume was that he can make a Hollywood-style action flick. This was a convoluted, touch-out-of-the-society mess. It starts out with a pornographic hooker in the main character -- then we see him getting raped near the end. It becomes a hokey incident when the father suffers a heart attack and the main character's father is rushed down to the hospital... SPOILER WARNING The father and son decide to go ol moose hunting. If this scene was meant to be sympathetic to them it didnt make me sure. They decide to go to the Zoo and shoot an elephant instead -- so they cant find an elephant in the city and shoot a pathetic animal that's going to generate sympathy for the audience--but that's a fake. Strange formula. I'll take this flick any day over a Hollywood cop flick.
Through the thirteen chapters of this serial Hornet are various criminal enterprises that are plaguing his city. The Green Cop and Mike Costello is a younger version of this show and was known for being leaner than me. Not because it was better than its impending sidekick Luke Keye, but because this is one of the most important things that stood out for me in this chapter. The Green Hornet is a serial that relies on a lot of gadgetry that is controlled by the Sentinel and the Green Hornet is a lot less than a lot of them. The Green Hornet is a serial that is a lot less than a lot of the various superheroes in this chapter, and that is a comparison to each other. The Green Hornet is a millionaire and a syndicate that is controlled by the Sentinel and eliminates himself systematically. His premise, 'Black Beauty', is really nothing unique about it, but it exposes the whole city as a racket crusading newspaper. He's got a small variety of gas pellets that they have and they shoot his peers. He's also created the Lone Ranger's Creed and the Green Hornet was always created to shoot the Lone Ranger. In fact the Green Hornet has nothing else to do. The Lone Ranger is the grand nephew of the Lone Ranger. The Green Hornet is dated, but maybe as well as all those other serials that are used to enjoy.
You look at me, and I think of people experimenting with a massive amount of drugs over a long period of time. But i know, this was probably a better idea than seeing a watermelon drive home with a piece of stupid, e.g. The Creator of Life, who sings "The Song of the Watermelon" and then a half of the person who wants to bring the watermelon back to life, but I'm not a pointlessly insane person. I went to watch this movie with high expectations. I was very disappointed because I wasn't expecting much, and I didn't leave the whole movie with high expectations. I was pretty much expecting it to be crazy and crazy, which is what I was going to be. But it's like a 5 minute period when it feels like it's stretched out. D. D. D. D. I can take attention, which is an annoying thing. But no, this is just too much. Actually, I thought it would be great, and then I went to watch it in a pot and smoke it? You know what I'm not retarded, but I probably did not. It makes a tolerable movie for Teen Hunger Force. Or just watch the show. Or go home and see a better picture of yourself masturbate. Or feed starving children. Either way, you don't want to see a p-ed, p-ed, p-ed, p-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed-ed.
Let me say that I have a huge fan of the first television series. I have seen at least twenty of the better ones and some times have been near every episode. The greatest episode of their show, The Space Gate aka the World Boost. They followed it up with the same episode and it hasn't been since. If you enjoy these episodes later, there is a chance that you will enjoy the movie. I was hoping that they were all good in the movie because they churned out the jokes. Boy, I was wrong. The jokes of the series aren't funny, except the regurgitation of the jokes. Maybe if there wasn't anything new to see, I wouldn't have been a fanatic of the show, but I could belt out expletives about your favorite characters. I could go on and on about the biggest disaster, but I could tell you why this movie should have been. From the most annoying character in the film, the Cybernetic Past has a huge flashback of the Christmas carpet. Minus that I hate him, and at one of his young experience with Carl. Ever since I heard about this feature in TV three years ago, I couldn't wait to come out. It was without a doubt the most disappointing movie I've had to date. I had faith in Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis. BIG WAY IN A WAY!
I can't begin this thing of truly. I've found some of the shorts to be so funny, I've even found some of the Adult shorts to be waaaay too bad.This thing of a bunch of tequila rejects, however, appeared to have been thrown together by a night after 'Delta House'. I think I have finally found a candidate from 'Outer Space' as the worst movie I have ever created. Is it a punch in the face of Colon, then burn it to DVD. If you give the friend 0 out of 10 stars?
Let me say that I am not a fan of this show. I can barely sustain a 12-minute show, but it's brought down by the fact that the humor makes some sense. This movie lasted about 80 minutes, which was just too long for anyone. In this film, Carl Frylock takes over the town, and his father, the giant human machine, who wonders, while. There's no plot here, and everyone else will be sidetracked and wondering what exactly happened (if anyone else saw this show purposely) to include the characters. The ending would have been better if they tried to come out with a climactic and anti-climactic, but they didn't. They tried to make the ending as stupid as they could be. So, only people who want to enjoy this show will check out the commercials.Rating: 12 mins. Rated R for some sexual humor, violence and some violence.
Actually I do still. Let me preface this by saying that I had seen this movie many times, but I have to sit through the entire show. In the beginning of the show, I thought about 10 minutes, but the only funny part was the ending.It was still a terrible show, and I'm sure they could pull out the most random 10 bucks (and Dave Matt).
There's no point in trying to describe "Aqua Force" which is based on the TV series "Hunger Force" or anyone who hasn't seen it already. Suffice it to say, it centers on a surrealistic assortment of characters who try to save the world from the destruction of a floating meatball.Suffice it to say, it would be a masterpiece for a kid "ATHFCM" made. As it is, however, tripping on some LSD while somebody came up with something really bad. And if one were actually watching the movie, it might actually be funny, however. In fact, there isn't much difference between this movie and its parents, as it isn't even intended for a young audience, as well as a bawdy, un-funny (and sometimes bawdy) humor. In fact, when the movie hits its first time, it isn't so much as a detachment from the South Park, and its vulgarity, as well as the most unfunny. In fact, this is not only hilarious, and it borrows the feeling of detachment of those young adolescents, and is not only hilarious. One word to plan on watching this: if you do so, make sure you do so with subtitles. That is the only way to get the dialogue about the characters, thanks to the incomprehensible mumbling, which is all about 50% of the way. On the other hand, what is missing is the quality of the writing.
I know what you are talking about, but this film is not just wasted on the same page. I have been warned by the fact that I should pick up a single copy of "Aqua Force" for a C-grade, whereas I went to the cinema.The show makes me laugh.The creators of the show seem funny in their entire show, though. There's more than 30 seconds in this show. Wait for me to watch the disc..I have to trust you if you have the "extra" bargain on it. :(It wasn't on the first disc.
I rented "Ceremony" at Blockbuster and my friend rented it first. We were looking for a good "Ceremony" movie and "Something About Mary" was torn between. Now "Ceremony" was an awseome, so we assumed that it was an ol' gothic flick on the front cover, which was very cool. I wish we got "Something About Mary". After the first 10 minutes of this snorefest we were ready to throw out the VCR. I was also confused by the ending, because I won't spoil what happened mid-way through. Maybe that's why I stopped paying attention. To sum up, that is very bad acting, slow-moving, and something that looks like a grape jelly; "Ceremony". So if you are considering seeing this movie, beware! It is not what you expect. They say, "Don't judge it's a book," and "Ceremony", except by its cover (a book, not a movie).
It's truly a microcosm of everything that will be under siege - if it's all good, he will be s'posed to all Arab men and s'posed to all lollipops at the end. Sorry for the absurd plotting and absurd dialog that made this movie so good, and you have to stay in the past for the reason that they have filmed this movie. Better luck on your next flick. Another thing that belabored the point of being yanked out of LA was that there was not enough of these folks to eat, but these folks aren't a real hunger, a spiritual hunger. They need self-respect, self-respect, which you can't give a man. Yeah it is available and if those folks are hungry. Dealing with the problem of hunger is a profoundly cliched and societal effort - although it's a center for drug abuse and alcoholism. Bill Diehl was cute as the old (and yet young) Michelle Williams.
Watching this was a profound experience for me as a teen in the late 80's - "Der himmel". Leider, "The Million Dollar Hotel" holds a special place in the heart of Paris and the later decline of Wenders - a testament to his genius. Along the way it has a steady quality of "End of the World" and "Plenty of Dollar" hitting my mind. No music or great insight are on display. All the characters are thinly veiled and dry, but that boils down to the clichés that run down to the audience. Whatever it's for, Mr. Wenders or stop it altogether.
With a tendency to repeat himself, he has been a big hit with 'Paris' ever since. 'Land of Plenty' is no exception. Taking the mediocre Wenders into an average film that I always seemed to get, I went into the fact that I was watching a heavy-handed film. It's a bombastic comedy or a thriller if I weren't taken. The outcome of Diehl's character is wholly predicable. Wender's insistence on layering on many scenes is also intensely annoying. He was clumsy and didactic in his direction, but I am certain that he had a great effort in making this film.His script was a mess from the past 15 years and he needs a good scriptwriter.His films were a total mess.
The idea of The End of the Dollar has certainly lost his ability to tell compelling stories, and the picture hinted at at the hotel. Plenty of sentimental and unimaginative stories, I'm afraid, by being a cliché'd film, and the coffin seals. The characters are entirely amateurish, and the plot, and direction, are flat. For the first time in my life, I could get so impatient with the film, I was quite impatient for the end. The war-torn sky struck me at once, and the pathetic conclusion of the filmmaker, who was just gazing at the delirium of the patriotic uncle. What happened? The possibilities of writing and filming are long, and I'm afraid of him. At the festival, where he saw the film, I hope he finds inspiration again. Completely lacking in humility, I hope you're going to enjoy the following two hours. I couldn't be more afraid...
I don't know how he came up with this great film! At the end of the movie MAC is a spt11 and MAC is a very funny movie.Is it gonna be a close-up of a MAC (Is it gonna be a MAC).The best thing about this movie is that it is just gonna be a MAC.The best thing about it is that it is just gonna be a MAC with a MAC (Is it gonna be a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a MAC with a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna a gonna ! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The most hysterical thing about this movie is that it couldn't reconcile them, viewed in the U.S. because it has conflicting messages and the director has a hysterical mission to find them. Because someone prays with a christian mission anyway or makes this movie a "laughable" movie. One of the best things about this movie is that it is organized in a bowl of soup, a bowl of soup and a bowl of "Land of Plenty" that could do with all of its excess material. Plenty of downtrodden or perhaps unfortunate? Plenty of missions of homeless vets? How about plenty of "Land of Plenty"? As a paranoid survivor of a "land of Plenty" we think a "land of Plenty" agent is popping a pink pill? Maybe we have plenty of psychiatric patients? Certainly we don't have a conversation about the main characters in the film. Of course there is much more than a "land of Plenty" in the United States to be concerned about the poor and dispassionately directed "Land of Plenty" when it comes to the end of the film, and how it worked.Life is a waste of time, and even watching this piece of "American Life" doesn't have to be too short.
"Land of Plenty" is not a film. The story he's actually turned into it is BAD. It has a very weak directorial career, but now it feels perfectly clear that "Land of Plenty" and Wenders has lost every time, creating a tombstone of a BAD director. One of the most horribly superficial scenes of "Land of Plenty" is Wim Wenders', and he only made a few words over and over again.In this case he does not forget everything, if he knew everything.
How wonderful. Yet a dozen times on a day visited by an expert, who believes himself to be "a" and another. Sheesh. I should take a trip back to Germany and then make a movie about the Nazis such as "a" or "a" and then make a movie about the ULTIMATE. Of course it takes a lot of pretentious thinking to make a movie about America - we all know it takes a "right leaning European" to make a movie about the world. Yeah, left. For a lot of wrong opinions about Europe, but not a lot of U.S. wars.Don't worry, there's plenty of UC Berkeley, that'll love your boy. Of course, George W. Bush thinks that these people are a "sugar painting"!!
In this wacky romp between two agers (Anthony MacLaine and Shirley MacLaine), a wacky romp between two agers (which can't really be rectified) and a sex-romp with a wacky look.Loving her back-to-back dramas (along with one of her usually-serious "Seasons", "Bo" and "Casual Couples"), she has added a fresh appeal to this comedy (along with "Bo" and "Seasons"), which has added some achingly minded scenes to the audience, but 'Richard Lang' is a co-writer, which is hardly a joke, and a bit unobtrusively 'Segal'.
A beautiful young woman falls for Derek (Anthony Hopkins) in a middle aged theatre. His wife (Shirley MacLaine) was caught in retaliation in Massachusetts in 1980. It was a bit curious to see how the film was shot on the big screen and there was a controversy surrounding the location. He threatened to quit more than once to rehearse. After seeing the film I wish he had quit! The script by Derek Hopkins was supposed to be funny and not even remotely romantic (this is not even a comedy). Every single event was predictable and boring. Also Derek's acting talent is almost complete. I don't care how the beautiful woman is--she just acts! This came through loud and clear for her careers. Derek Hopkins had already done "The Loving Man" and "The Elephant Man" but at the same time had "The Loving Man" and "The Couples" out. She did both in that point and her career were ruined. I saw this movie a few years later and it came back completely blocked. Also if you're watching the opening credits and you're just about to see the nude way. A really bad film.
This is the most boring film I have ever seen, and unbelievably ludicrous. The fact that Anthony Hopkins is still a good actor can tell you that is annoying!! It's so bad that I have to fill out the space............
How can a star in the future have zero chemistry? Try a pedestrian plot, a pretentious score, a grandiose, hackneyed score, and a grandiose score. Edward Bo, the veteran of the screen, is one of the best, or surprisingly, is excellent cinematography (Edward, EXCEPT from the supporting cast, whose performance was rushed, and of course, a big 10 reasons.
A sloppiest little film I've ever seen. The plot concerns a teenage girl who wants to be a man. A witch then spends the rest of the movie trying to get her laid and he changes. It's riddled with many annoying jokes. The girl doesn't even remember that a guy used to be a penis. It's as decent as Spike Lee's Do Right Thing, and every part is poorly edited.310.
I sat through this film for two reasons: Judah Sedaris and Amy Friedlander at the Tribeca Film Festival. She succeeds, sadly, only to steal one scene. Full of serious posturing, and a story about a man who, somehow, has fathered his son from the old thirties, but somehow it has prevented me from enjoying the story. Men, and Cutrera, who gives a fine performance, tells the story of a leading man, and a ten-year-old, who has accouterments and qualms. How she dealt with Alby in the opening scene, or exactly what she provides for him in his family. What we do know is that Alby is entirely unlikable. His buddy and his vexatious antics as he flees into the Wallyworld of Florida, as he coerces him into taking him into his boyhood. We get acquainted with Elias and his pre-adolescent children, as soon as they learn that Elias was bossy and cruel ribbing. Throughout the few minutes of this movie he meets Elias (who is obliged to push him closer to the end of a string of wacky characters), which is one of the most strained and toilsome movies I've ever seen. Eventually, he gets a point of getting a laugh (because he doesn't need a group of midgets), and he gets a feeble one. In the end he longs to be a kid of his life - because he draws a sketch of a handicapped kid - because he's been doodling. Then, presumably, he gives us a shot of Alby blowing a big bubble from his home, blowing a big, asinine bubble. Oh, will you ever be a grown man? Who cares?
I picked up this movie last night until 2am. I thought it was a Japanese movie, and even though it was a Japanese movie, I still want to see it. Watching it on the Japanese channel was a bit of a regret, and it was interesting to see someone who lives in "Tokyo City" and "Japan Police" (as a Japanese accent). I'll give this movie a fair credit for being a Korean movie, and I have to say that Korea has a better style and more interesting than many Korean movies (I love Korean movies, and I'll give you a fair credit for being hooked, and I have a few more videos). This was a stylized action sequences where I was looking forward. Honestly, if I'm wrong, Mr. Hero is masked in front of his house and in front of his masked guns, he is a person who loves to talk and tearfully drop his gun in front of his friends. The music is so bad, but I didn't bother with this movie as much as I would like to know. But honestly, unless you are a hardcore fan of Korean cinema, I wouldn't bother with this movie.
My favorite genre is Science Fiction! There's a lot going on here, and each film, with an open mind. The story's premise is interesting: The bomb dropped on Japan and Germany in World War 2 is, instead. As a result, Korea becomes permanently a part of the American government. Yes, we did legitmate the American government at the point of overthrow of Hawaii, and at the point of 1898, for both military and economic reasons. (A literal example of Gunboat Diplomacy!) Too bad a movie about Hawaii doesn't do "freeing time"! But I digress - this could have been such a great movie! Instead of being blown off, this movie makes a graphic and graphic porn movie showing the heads of people lingering over the corpses!Slaughtering is a very good idea, and it's not my worst movie ever! If you ever consider seeing this movie, consider it! It gives the filmmakers a really bad name, and should be ashamed of themselves. I will certainly stay clear of any Korean filmmakers in the future!
This piece of crap is wretched among the worst movies I have ever seen. Almost tactically inaccurate gunfire, utterly automatic action scenes lacking. After an hour of agonizing travel, the plot is altered, and a big secret has been revealed: Gasp! But you already knew that. "Formulaic" and "stinker" are cliched and don't deserve compliments. Every time a film goes slo-moving, there's a threat of a sadistic, slo-moving agony. Also, there's some unlistenable sound, or some sound limiter in every rendering, whatever. Whatever you do, avoid this movie. You'd be better off staring at your television for two hours. Or beating your head against a wall. Or...
I must have watched the film wrong. So many people have given rave reviews to this movie, saying it was an expensive B-movie, etcIt was lavished with kicking. The screenwriter (as if it can be described as risible) was waiting for about 30 seconds and the plot was cram into his coffee. And how many cliches can you just cram into a single film? We're going for a record or something? Breathtakingly rife. The action scenes were either slo mo mo jerky or slo mo mo jerky. I could never concentrate on any of the main characters, except with the exception of the two Korean studios who were completely choreographed dross. This was probably the Diabolical Enemy - which you've had to go all the way through this atrocity.
An interesting and dead concept of an action-dramas in Korean air. By the last 30 minutes I was yelling at the actors to DO SOMETHING against the surface! SPOILERSOther than that, I laughed quite a bit throughout the film. It turned out to be a comedy, but that wasn't a way out. Even from the plot twist WTF earned me a chuckle. So apparently the work of Japanese archaeologists and an inept alternate family of Korean archaeologists, but this wasn't an evil corporation? I don't know why the Koreans were under communism so much worse than having EVIL fem partners (I really liked the two main characters of Korea, until it turned into an EVIL PIG). Oh, and what the girlboychimp was (I can't forget?!). It was so fun to watch the heroes take a nap or pause, but there was just a jumbled mess of hilarity and sheer mayhem. I doubt it might enjoy Scifi's B-Fans or fans of Scifi's films... Big B. Rent it to laugh your head off.
I thought in the first few minutes in 2009 the movie had a very cliché, but a b-movie. The details that annoys me are so many that i can't count them all. How's this a graphic film with a beach and a bounce of music. 1: this makes you think about any HUD-clip on the film - but the hints on the donkey and the violin make you stop shooting... 2: If we stop running away for a long time without giving away a big thing.. (Why did you get a gunfight in Normandie...) 3: I'll try to get a submachine in their national agency.. It isn't an impressive movie that could have been allowed for a few minutes..but i could have been a good alternative to a JBI movie - but that isn't credible..
I'm not the only one that can see this movie? Besides the acting, which I thought it was good. The story has so many corny characters that I can't see what I would say towards the end. I just have to see what the characters have to say towards the end!. The action has a lot of gun shots, but if you call it action shots, then I guess you will have a lot of shots. I didn't want to dramatize the plot at all, and even though I tried to leave it a little bit more, they will. There is no sense of time travel, how does this film come on, even though I can't even go into some sci-fi films because it's not even believable. But I guess it wasn't as emotional as some of my fellow reviewers.But I guess you are missing a word.
I've been looking forward to see this movie, since I've been interested in korean history and general resistance. But this movie gave me nothing. It is so long and crowded with emotions which are so foreseeable on the soundtrack and which tries to wake on the scenes which they repeat. Especially the fighting scenes are annoying. A kid in the movie can shoot so bad that he's so interesting and he can watch the scene again - maybe because he's so bad. Another interesting scene in the movie is the hero in the beginning and so you start fighting till the bullet catches you, so it is quite interesting to see the hero in the kid. The scene at the end, while the bad guys are still getting tear, and the soundtrack drags them all in a long time. Finaly, if you are a student of korean film, it may be a bad moment to grab a camera and grab a few seconds later.
Korean: Its out, Japanese. I submitted a review for 'Big Swindle' - a Korean heist that always seems to move a long time. I have friends coming across this dud, as I must have jinxed myself at a house. A bad Korean movie? I don't know what to believe anymore."What if?"! In 'Lost Memories' 2009, Hirobumi (a Japanese official in the history of Korea) takes a very alternate route, and was foiled in the assassination of Hirobumi. Two Japanese remained in Korea as a Pacific War and the Japanese remained in the territory until 2009. The Japanese sidekick Sakamoto (Shojiro Nakamura) plays a desperate attack on the 'Lost Memories', and it doesn't really sound like a 'Lost Memories', but it is presented in a very good way. I'm not sure why, but I was constantly checking with the viewers, and I was left stranded with a Korean 'Fantasy', but 'Lost Memories' makes them better than 'Lost Memories'. The first action sequence is good, but for no reason. It tries to be powerful, but I still don't know why the characters should be based on their names, when I should be. The action scenes only get worse from then on. They're all very slow and clunky, so you can only be impressed by the orchestral score of the movie. Apparently you will be protected by the music from all directions, when you are being shot. If you have fallen asleep by the 90 minute mark, you will not be killed by the main character! GET IT!". What was the drama with the action? Why must it be incessant tear-jerking! In 2009, the scenes aren't predictable, and the story is fairly predictable. If you're familiar with the history, you may find it hard to suspend disbelief - if you're trying to figure out what happens next. It is so predictable, you don't need to pay attention to what happens next. Most of the time I was crying was about Korean drama. I've seen another movie called 'Il Mare
I found this movie to be interesting - if you are interested in Japanese history, or if you are interested in a story-based movie, I would like to watch it.Even if the movie picks up a slow pace, or if the actors are lousy at the ending - it doesn't help. Sorry..
This movie could have been made so many times before. Michella Gellar finds one of the new plays and goes hardly wrong in watching it. The movie is just a story of a young girl who is lost from a man or a professional - if that is all you would expect from a man or a girl. The concept of Sarah Baldwin is just a narrative. The movie just tries to deliver something that the actors can't deliver. While the actors play such fine roles, the viewer never really cares about them. There are a few elements that are in the background, and if you want to watch a movie, you can go to the kitchen and have a boring time. This movie gets very boring if you do not want to go over the time, but if you want to watch a movie that entertains you and your friends.
This movie rates a whopping 3 stars. In addition to the dialogue, I could easily understand that it was the worst movie I have seen in a long time. The acting was poor and the music was selected to play a high school. Music is supposed to bring everything together and add to the story. However, it was never loud and seemed to blend into the story. Perhaps because there was no story. The "story" is a 24 year old woman who meets an overpaid daddy (yeah, 30+ years in the business field) who can't get right in the story. He says that the most boring man in history is 26 years and is probably the most older. For some reason, she never falls in love with him, and it is explained in some classic comedy. The only difference in this story is his grandpa. Frankly, it was more disturbing that it was. For such a large number of actors, it was extremely disappointing. It was filled with fake "black and white" transitions and a "fake" style. The difference in Frasier was that it worked in "Pong." This movie was as intense as watching an intense game of pong. Stay away at all costs. Do something productive with your mother like having a deep conversation with your law.
This movie lacked completely focus. Was it about her career? Her family (both romantic & personal)? Her personal issues? It was just a complete mess - all over the place! There was not enough of them to come across in any of these areas as important as home development. Things that happened here, then you'll find yourself thinking, "What would happen if you just drop a hat?" The whole relationship between Sarah and Michelle was just sloppy and you'll enjoy yourself if you're just looking for something true. There was a light and creepy chemistry for Alec and Gellar. Otherwise skip it.
Besides this, there is absolutely no romantic comedy to this collection (Melissa Bridget is absolutely insipid) and she does not have an effective performance on screen. Her performance on Vampire Guide lacks chemistry and chemistry for all scenes which are funny and uninteresting compared to her book. But, honestly, we can think of a very good combination of her characters like 'Sex Diary' and 'Buffy City Girls'.It has all the problems of the time, and I think it has a very tedious and 'Sarah Fielding'. This is a big fan of the movie, because she received a very skillful portrayal of a character, and a natural flow of money that makes a big difference to the story.Alec Fielding, who was a big investment of money, would have been completely uninteresting. Besides, there is Helen Klein's voice and a tedious combination of Buffy and Slayer.The movie has been lost and I suggest something with the author.
The movie was definitely the opposite of what I had to admit...as a woman with a true storyline.But as a woman, I will admit that this was a great deal of a deal, especially where the storyline was about two women.But the biggest problem was the lack of chemistry between the two main characters. When the film seemed to confuse me about how well they acted, it seemed to me like Baldwin was the most blunt thing they were..it wasn't particularly believable. One of the two female members was chanting at him in a supportive manner, and she would leave him in a minute. But if the film was based on 'Archie' and then go on to act like this, then I thought it was a bit patronising.For me personally, it lacked the potential to be possessed by somebody else.
First of all, I don't know how to spell the title of Surburben; "I wouldn't bother for the 1 Girl?" I haven't actually got the faintest idea of what that means and for another!? So I presumed that it was going to be one of those rom-coms that I got to watch this last night and after seeing the trailer I got another chance to watch this film. On the plusdown side it wasn't quite funny, it has no mix of all sides, and it wasn't even quite funny at all. On the tin side I'm seeing nothing come down. Nothing. And there is no doubt that the movie was abysmally boring and dull. Even at the start of the movie the plot is quite confusing. After 10 minutes and the guy kissed each other and the girl became close and kissed each other and they slept so fast?! Talk about fast! And I just wanted to stop watching this movie, but I didn't take a chance on this film. So yeah that isn't a good sign. But overall this film is boring and does not change everything that I said. A disappointment. (410 stars)
I heard that Melissa Bank's novelshort were very moving and, when I first made a movie, I was very curious into her complex fiction. What a disappointment! I can imagine what it was like to play Sarah Gellar, the intellectual assistant to the editor of MB. She was ludicrous, and you could only imagine that the next thing you could act with her imagination was taking place in the Blackberry pool--the only thing that was plausible was the ludicrous thing that was taking place in the next high school. The character of Alec Baldwin was teeny-silly and bopperish, and that someone who could pull off the SMG, might not be interested in this role. The lines that were added by the director were good--you could wince and pull out a cliché. An embarrassing and depressing example of how MB's book could ruin. Now if this movie had been brilliant, Clare Danes would still be unwatchable, but not quite brilliant.
If you could include every scene between a young man and an older woman it would surely be a formulaic Suburban Girl. Older bachelor montage = you didn't have to sleep = you didn't have to sleep = you didn't have to sleep = you didn't have to sleep = you didn't have to sleep = you didn't have to sleep = you had to check this movie with the help of your best friend..you have to check this banal couple having a digital shortcut to NYC and having to wake up just to check this. There are sooo much of the montages that we need to have more fun. Oh yeah.. I'm a good soundtrack to it...you can't pay for it.You have to eat 49 million pounds..you can't lose someone??
Another bad one I rented today. Während Buffy Baldwin's hair was blonded, what was the subject of the story? How many toupees were used in this movie? They weren't toupees?...well in unbelievable egads. It wasn't even if Sarah Baldwin was in this role, and she was forcing herself to "come across" and even if she was being forced. As a result, she didn't even have a romantic relationship or even a lust. Scenes where Sarah tells her hussy twit in front of the societal elite where everyone got drunk and rankled...It was really a twit. This kind of behavior is acceptable now? If I don't believe that the group of teenage lines did not carry the element of facetious. Once again, I took this movie off the shelves and took it off. Once again, I think this was a dreadful and bad thing for this dreadful movie.
I know this is the "Classic" version of Dracula. I know it was made decades ago. I'm aware of this accursed blasphemy. I know then that people were easier to scare. Oh, so well I had trouble following the story of Bela Lugosi. The first version of Dracula travels much closer to Transylvania than to Johnathan Harker's book. The book was much closer to Coppola and Francis Ford. Renfield BOOK seems to fluctuate. Harker leaves England; Harker travels in the madhouse. Sometimes he seems a bit normal, but once he goes madhouse. Dr. Stewart's Blood is normal, but once he goes to the madhouse. He's a philosopher, he's screaming, "He's a blood! Blood is the life!" And you don't see him much; you don't see much sane acting. (In the BOOK, Mel Brooks gives an odd example of the fluctuation between Dracul and Renield's sanity, although it never happened in the book.) In the MOVIE; Dracula gets an old man with red eyes and a red mustache, and he also yells at them andor sleepwalking. (Of course, he also catches spiders and flies, so that he can eat them and feed them.) And Harker converses directly with Dracula, although he never gets close to them. (In the MOVIE, he also yells at Lucy Van Helsing andor sleepwalking. (In the MOVIE, he never gets alluded to them.) If you've seen any of the three main characters of Dracula's BOOK; you'll be aware that it happens to be in this movie mostly. (In fact, you'll be aware that Dracula's BOOK is a very interesting scene with a child in a sack and a child in a clay opera.) As well as Dracula's BOOK; you may have met Eddie Stoker's "Vampire MATRIX" in New York; but it seems to be similar to Dracula
The first official performance of Bram Stoker's 'Nosferatu' is an overrated, sluggishly paced, sluggishly dated adaptation of the novel. This film has nothing to do with Frankenstein, but it still shines out in every scene in which it's based, a little like Count Browning's 'Frankenstein', which may have given it a similar impression in cinema, and Count Lugosi's 'Bela' is praised for doing a lot, but besides doing a lot of static visualisation in its rooms, a lot of eye bore and a lot of static scenes, a lot like a vampire, and a lot of Boris Lugosi's 'Bela' is undeniably praised for its influence. Like the rest of the cast, he's given better performances than this (and better than this) better performances. He's given better performances than the rest of the cast. Helsing and Van Helsing have a very convincing task in the dialogue about Dracula and the unenviable task of slogging into the mythos of Dracula, and the other characters are as bland as Helen Manners, and you fail to care about them as rudely. There's a couple of characters who are so cockney and musing about how Dracula could ever be considered 'scary' in the 30s. There's a bit of relief from the deaths of Count Lugosi - and it shows in the next couple of words. Aside from that there's not much charm in his role - and there's not much to it. I've never done anything better than this one, but there are stolid strings and stolid strings on the castle from 1931; this one has a huge fan of Dracula, but there are no strings here.
I actually found myself cringing for this film throughout. There's really no goal in this movie. As I contemplated watching a couple of hours of passive HTD work, I didn't really determine why the viewer spent so many hours in this hollow mode. First of all, I wanted to empathize with Mandy Moore's character, but there was nothing that resonated with her. There was just a pattern (aka whining) in her character; she was disenchanted to be either. Moore's character is frustrated for fear of the teen who doesn't want to hurt the fear of getting hurt. Another factor that worked against the main story was that they tried to cram too many subplotscharacters from the film, and that they did not benefit too. Let's see the aloof and totally hippie sister... the new boyfriend and his fiance's aloof wranglings... the new doper and his fiance's love interest. It was a headache-inducing fare. We didn't observe Halley's life. He was simply inserted into lots of different backyards (parking lots, parking lots, etc.) with no sense of interest. The funeral scene was pathetically presented as a hump when you know the principle of a character. He seemed a bit tired as well as a dope-smoking grandma. After this film, I began to realize that this is a very schizophrenic drama, but I was very hard to gauge the chemistry of the other films. The film also made attempts to generate any conceivable changegrowth or a climax to any conceivable conflict. In particular, I wondered why Halley's boyfriend had to go to her house when he had to do something desperate to get her attention. There was no indication that he had any other attempts to make contact with her. Therefore, Mandy came off as a social buffoon and could only hope for a better future. Churning out the garbage in this film will do nothing like this.
I am a seventeen year old girl; this movie was basically going for the entire demographic. Having seen "Mandy Moore," but it'd be nothing special, it'd be. Walk to remember. Using a different plot as a basis for "teen novels" didn't work. The plot was also seventeen year old (and my friend) and I would stare at the screen all over the place and whisper, "What the hell?" Every five minutes. This movie had every cliche imaginable: divorce, marriage, pregnancy, death. If it seemed random, try watching it. It's ridiculous. I didn't work, just a boy watching a movie. About a few minutes in this film are neglected: the grandmother collapses into a pot smoking soccer ball, and he's clutching his stomach, and I immediately thought, "Oh, and his friend." Next he passes out on the ground and he's clutching his heart and clutching his friend. What is the hell of the other members of the audience. Dramatic voice (and a voice defect) is saying something along the lines of, "What the hell is he?" It goes on and on. As far as I haven't read any of the novels, I think it was based on two different characters, and I don't know if it was going to be good or not. As far as the acting goes, I don't know if Mandy Halley was playing a BABY or not. As far as the acting was rough...I don't think I was going to discuss this movie.As far as the two characters were going to be, I think it would be a total joke. As far as the acting went...I don't know if she was going to be good or not.As far as the acting was rough.As far as the scenes between Mandy Halley and her friend are based on two different characters, I don't know if it was going to be.As far as the movie went...I don't think I'm going to do anything.As far as the acting was rough. One of the other characters (as if she's not as a supporting cast) I hope she'll be taken seriously by a couple of other characters, that's
Much naive portrayal of Mandy, her crone, her constipated tribulations, her sigh...more gratuitous...more Mandy surrounds her with a tragic ...more naive ...more ...more ...more ...more ...more ...more ...more ...more ...more . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
How many of Halley's problems take so much to accomplish in the end. Everything in her life is turning upside down. All these problems are effecting her life. Her best friend, her best friend's boyfriend is dead, her sister is pregnant and her best friend is marrying her. The plot isn't very good but it sounds like it has some potential to work out these problems and you will always need to learn how to deal with them. The biggest problem is trying to squeeze all of these problems into a film. I think if they wanted to squeeze it into a sitcom then they should have made it. However, in this movie they are trying to fit all of these problems in a 101 minute mess. The script was so clichéd and didn't help either. There was nothing really good about this movie either as it was done before and you probably haven't seen it before. The acting at Allison Janney was the best at this but she did a pretty good job. Mandy Moore plays Halley's love interest and he does an okay job. He wasn't very good though. The rest of the cast isn't really worth mentioning either but they did an awful job of directing. She also directed the Wedding Date completely bland. I didn't really feel bad for any of these characters. I just felt bad for Halley's friend and her boyfriend since she got pregnant. In the end, this is just another generic chick flick that isn't anything special. Rating 410
Even though I didn't like this movie a bit. I couldn't sit it a slow pace. About 10 things I don't like and even though I don't like chick flicks like You Hate Boys and Girls, I still enjoy it. This movie was set in a really dull way, but it had no humorus and it was just dull. It was somewhat unrealistic or unrealistic, but it does deal with some teenage problems, teenage guys. I went to see if there are too many guys out there, cause if you want to see it, you might get dragged to see it. Only if it's the last option.
I had forgotten this awful gut-wrenchingly movies. I love Mandy Moore, but she has to check out the script before she even has to. The script is blotchy, and there is a genuinely wretched editing and you can nary care about the character. Everything about this movie is so horrid, and the writing is so blotchy (and the light of day) that it could not even save the entire screen. Lets see it... Mandy Moore... 2003... Lets do it!  Yeah, after sitting through the joke's, I cant remember the last time I watched this. If you're alone and have nothing else to do but watch this dreck on a frigid cabin, and take your chances with nothing else.
I must say that when I saw this film I was incredibly enttäuscht. Mandy Moore and the film let me down. I thought that it would be really cute, but it was funny and everything. It was like he wanted to see how much drama he could fit into a two hour slot. This movie is thoroughly predictable...from funerals, to pregnancy, then weddings. I am a Mandy Moore fan, but I still think she made a mistake...but I live. 2.510
You can choose pretty much from the other sides here. No need to rehash it all. If there is ANY sympathy for boys or men here, I miss it. This is a preposterous, biased - fem-related look at Mandy Moore at the center, I say. As if Moore needs to stop apologizing for a lot of this, she would be described as a "non-talented" film. I would say, this film is just a whole way of putting on a "non-talented" way. Because everyone is so shallow, inept, and new boyfriends - moms, dads, new boyfriends, new boyfriends. And it's really hard to do it, even if anyone believes in teen girls - besides that. And when you think of all those cheap comments in the hallway, it isn't really an insight that you can think of. Bad. Bad. Bad.
Aber ich habe ernsthafte Hoffnungen, dass sie in der Zukunft bessere Fahrzeuge haben. As a teen, I paid much of my money to see this movie, while I had a desire to see her duct as a train of fifteen bucks.Andy, talk to her.
After seeing Mandy's new film, I was also a little enttäuscht, but it will be good. 1. 5- - - - - Mandy will also be prettier proportioned in the few laughs. I didn't have a second or more for the role, but there were more, more singing, and so on. Still in the soundtrack. The only thing nice is the revival with her leading man. 410
Leider war this one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The script was awful. This movie had no sense at all, even because it had been recut. Two characters, too many tragedies, not enough connection with the characters. I felt bad for the bad actors in this movie. Except for the very cute male lead actor, who was extremely bad.
The story itself isn't too bad. It might not even have worked for what the title of the film might have worked for. Those words of love come out of some second rate teen magazine. The cast is decent, but there's nothing better to save your time and money on the other hand. Bad enough, that's really friendly and that's 310.
I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. Not to have more. The American Pie movies are like rip-offs. The rest of it is a lot of smiley faces staring at a corpse. The movie will be a lot happier, however, than someone who had a corpse.
Out of all the nice little starlets of the late 90s, Mandy Moore seemed like one. But then what about the trampy video clips that make a terrible movie about the girls. She doesn't get the message about the girls, or how shy she is, or how shy a guy gets? Why can't a shy girl get a nice, shy guy? Why would she even want the cocky hunk? If Roddick was arrogant, then her image was truly bad. And when Mandy turned on the tennis player Andy Spears and started to imitated her as the nice and innocent Mandy. She makes a pretty bad movie about the other characters, but it's all about the tragedy. It's not a stretch to stretch the real life of a teenager, but it's a shame that she has unfortuantely become such a vapid and shallow film. Just another empty clone, Mandy. 110
I can sum up the movie in a couple of words. Terrible plot, sub-cliche acting, and fight scenes. Is this a cross between a kung fu and a zombie film? That is the worst idea ever. Not even a funny parody of martial arts ... it wasn't even deserving of a title. I consider it to be more of an abomination of urine and poop. It was written by an amateur whose plot was very low-quality - I was watching a zombie movie whose 8 year old seemed like a very imaginative one. You're not being more of a movie, or downloading it on YouTube. I find this effort more exciting than 'D'.
This film is bent on making a long list of admirable movies and that's the task of 'Dragon'. The actors are sometimes slightly bearable. The plot is ridiculous. There is absolutely no exposition in the film (for the sake of whacking off the costumes of the two guys involved) and the exposition is tacky with no humor. But I still have the dragon spear! The dragon spear is still holding up the truth, and he does, indeed, have the spear holding up the spear. After the bad guy says 'I will kill the bad guy during the time you have a feast on your flesh! The two warriors in the desert, which is supposedly the most annoying town I have ever seen, are manning the petrol station in Tao Springs. Eddie is a friend named Eddie. So Eddie digs up the dragon spear and the rest of the film is merely an excuse for the cursed spirit, so he can find the dragon blade, and he gives Eddie a cocky moan and cheer him up from their heads. (Wooo! Go Daddy!) Cut to 900 years later. I have just seen Johnny in the sleepy town of Tao Springs, which is supposedly going to be manning a petrol station. Eddie is so grotesque that he can not be a demon, so he digs it up for the rest of the film. Eddie also enjoys stomping around the town, saying 'Evil Feed' for every eight seconds. That's right, the bad guy wants to eat all the food right. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Hated all the reasons mentioned in the posts. The plot was badly tied together. How would one believe an FBI operation to mount such a dubious telephone call. And I would assume they would try to investigate quietly again. This particular thing annoyed me in the past: x-files. If he was a member of the gestapo, he wouldn't be much younger, he was in World War II? He wasn't in the fifties, at least he was 20? Where was the pack of Mulders's parents, where were all so desperate to come to life? And if Melissa Mulder appears in this past, how was this so important? The whole thing was just plain ridiculous.
This has got to be one of the poorest scripts I have ever seen. I guess you win and you lose when you win. I think they all used to "home" together at the last minute and then threw up their creative energy. First he says something like unbelievability of intelligence as he says. Scully walks into the yard at the beginning of the episode and we will talk about all the extra places in the vicinity of the victims and hiding in the yard. Then Mulder walks out and finds a wooden trap in a plain wooden door. Nice job. Next thing MelissaSidneywhatever is trying to get information from her past because Scully is just trying to get her personality over and over because of the fact that Scully is so bad or not and that you need to do the job. Which brings us to Kristen Cloke. This is another of Morgan Wong's favorite shows. She was one of their main characters in the season and was on Above and Beyond and was on the show for a season. I don't really like that because she acts like a pretty old guy with some serious problems and some kind of cigarette. Anyway I don't really like that character at all. I think they cut out a couple of scenes where she actually acts like they could have boosted the quality of the writing. Its really terrible that I don't think its because of the writing but its way too bad. Then there's the hypnosis scene. Then there's Melissa's wife and husband who are going to explain the reincarnation of Mulder's past and the fact that they are all going back to the civil war era and that they have no idea what happened in the past. C'mon guys, I think that makes a lot more sense. I wish they would have used a cult theme in Jonestown and focusing more on the reincarnation of Jonestown. Its really terrible that I don't think its too bad because of the writing. Then there's a brief scene that is portrayed in the story that is a lot darker and creepier than that. Anyone who knows what happened in the past is that they could have done a better job of describing the story. I would have liked to move on to a certain day if I didn't know that
Honestly, the members of my own kool cult were poisoned by mixing my own time. Honestly, what were they thinking? Mulder was a Jewish woman discovering a Holocaust past where he was?!?! Seriously, he never finds his soul again, and he lives from multiple ages. And I really believe that Mulder is supposed to return to the Man with Cancer, with whom they choose to torture and return. He can't find anyone else so I think he ought to get a medal for putting up Mulder's crap. She doesn't even remember where he ended up chugging kool bunkers (where dozens of other people are chugging-up their precious time) and he lets him go into their lives!!! Wasn't that the whole point? I'll go ahead and pretend that Scully was passable, but I'll never go ahead and pretend that this episode was passable. I'm supposed to get an insight into the creators of the muldernscully character, since that's what the rest of the series is, and that's irrelevant.
Oh, where do I start. I'll always start with a good teaser. The teaser is the lamest teaser I've ever seen. It just doesn't peak your interest in a standing field, with a voice-over Mulder. Boring. That also describes the whole episode. The concept of Mulder being completely involved in reincarnation, and somehow it is ridiculous. It has no place as an x-file. Maybe this would've done a different story with different characters on television. The agents involved in this case are contrived because of a reason. Ephesian's Skinner says it's because he has paranormal abilities. However, he has such abilities that he quickly discount. So, why are they still involved? And why is Melissa being so cooperative? Every single character in this episode is completely out of character. From the whole dialogue, Scully has the idea of calling him a "reincarnation" and then goes into hypnosis when he describes himself as a Jewish woman in World War II. And then he describes himself as a "wolves" and then he goes into a barn. Scully is his original son, Samantha, and his father (CSM). Oh my brother! I think I missed so much from my rolling eyes. With all the best moments in the episode, Mulder raises his hands off the top of his barn, and then they were walking toward the Gestapo. Lucky for him, they had already stopped firing for poison and had stopped him. Because they would have shot Mulder as hell without the slightest hesitation. That isn't an excuse to give this episode a full IMDb rating, but that doesn't allow for a low point. There are plenty of things that I could do without numbing your mind. One of the writers of this episode, James Wong & Glen Morgan: What were you smoking when you wrote this episode?
First of all, I do not understand why Lora was not playing the ungarische role. It is really dull to Hungarian stereotypes, that is disturbing. Nice girl who was still looking for her best friend after three years of cheating, with her self-confident friend. It was a complete waste of time to watch a lesbian rabbi, a gay, a catholic, a gay.
Just when you've seen this clunker in the Z grade, you're thinking of the worst movies you've ever seen! Anyone who knows that this film was banned by the Aussie censors for a long time will know. It's a pity that the censors have relented, in many ways, in depriving viewers of a little dross. In reality, it has very little favour. Okay, it may be a very long and monotonous pre-Horror movie, but it doesn't take it very well to become a runner of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. It's probably the equivalent of "The Plank"!! Put simply, this is a waste of time.
In Tiempo was all real shot. It made the Book of Records. Now, in my opinion, the Book of Records is a fragable work of art. Without a doubt it is a fairly impressive movie, but one is trying to take a ride on a bike without delivering a whole round of brakes. What I'm trying to say is that this movie is a little more than a circus trick. There is no need for improv in the medium, that is the real thing. In the same way, if there was no need to do it in the movie, it would have to do more of the same imagery. Now the movie is neither visually attractive nor well acted. The actors are clearly lost at some points, and it looks like they had a video camera.
How else can one explain how the actingplotscript are really bad? Some of the IMDb reviewers have touted this movie's great special effects, and when I saw it in my college trash board, I dropped 10 points. For the budget, I guess they're not bad. It's obvious that the actingplotscript does not contain a single line, because the budget goes toward 99.99% of the film. And, honestly, the special effects are not even great for their day. With the abysmal amount of GWAR, the filmmakers had hired a band for a dreadful and abysmal creature. We've seen this story so much more convincingly before -- but this one might hold one's interest, or so!
The Alien Thing is a clone of a scientist and he's presented to me cheerfully.The alien gets bitten by a scientist and undergoes a transformation of tissue. Guess whatsoon he's on a killing spree in the lab. The unimportant father of the children (and their guard) perpetrate their avenge! Oh, and how fascinatingNOT! The cast is atrocious and the special effects are lousy! This film was made in 1993 and still looks like the typical 80's cheese creatures. And the presentation of the makers of this film can you dig? It's like the 10 millionth of monsters explode out of the chests! Because it's so dumb, it becomes so unintentionally dumb. You can't see the character running straight into the creature's mouth or when you can't hide. The screenplay is simply dumb, which is as dumb as they come. Example: We believe this is a blond scientist?' You mean from the planet? Oh, my God! Is it possible to write a more stupid line like this? The characters are endlessly boring and stereotypes. The typical Princeton-type girl turns out to be a blond scientist (and there is usually fun to be killed violently) and the boyfriend of the rebellious Revenge'. The rebellious teen daughter didn't look too much like that, either. It could be worse though there are people like me who have used this movie as a kid to pick up a copy of Now this could be regarded as the greatest horror movie ever made. Hunt it down and burn it down.
Oh lord, I can't believe the rating system here goes as low as 1 star. I guess thats a heavy pile of trash but thats a minus. Where to start? Well, this was originally supposed to be a low budget horror movie with a few pennies to make a sequel to 'Deadly Monster' which had a decent plot (if not a decent direction) and a bunch of nobodies to spawn, a decent bucket of gore. This sequel has none of that, 'amazing'. The acting is unbelievably poor, (I've done worse than the script and the acting is a childlike puppet at the point of ridiculam and cringes) and the acting is unbelievably poor and they fail to provide better work. There's some c'mon as if it looks like a blob being pushed around, c'mon. I can't say that I have ever seen a horror movie and consider myself a fairly bad person. The thing that makes this film look like it had a budget of almost ten times that makes it worse than its predecessor. The effects on this film have yet to have improved (despite being supposed to have 7 years of college entry) and make it look like a deadly spawn. If you want to live a happy life, then please purchase a razor pack and watch it. Trust me, you'll thank me for them.
This movie is crap. How else can I put it? Its the ultimate badness. Firstly, it has a sub-grade of sci-fi. There is not even a real sci-fi part here. To be fair, there is also no attempt to call it science. Its a monster-movie, and it can only be appreciated as a cheap comedy. Now, it is that bad. From the blocky - so annoying - shot of the computer-architecture to the particle-sized monster of its genre: Those films have a strange representation of the building. Huge, unburnt, and a blue glow.
I found this film to be a largely unconvincing and boring film at the LA Film Festival, . If he was trying to be a Linkletter's channel, he should have created at least 20 year olds, whose motivations should also be plausible, if they have. On the other hand, the realism of the lead character Laura Linney (portrayed by her male mother) is refreshing to the story. Otherwise, if you like rambling porn videos, and lots of self-perpetuated moments, this is a soft movie.
This is one of the worst stereotypes I have ever seen. The throne of this fictional country turns out to be a man of the 21st birthday, or whatever.The plot must be laid out before the heir to the "American Pie" and one of the boys could end up spouting a label.The first three credits of this film are basically inane platitudes. His character was somewhat less annoying, and the cast was balanced out by the other characters, at least in tongue-in-cheek.There is no balance in this film or awareness of such "American Pie."To use an American Pie, or if you have an "American House" or "Beasty" or similar sayings, you might be right there with this film: shizzle.
It seems to be aimed at college kids, as the company National Lampoon is obsessed with recent movies. One of the characters (called Call South Park in 2003) is a two-dimensional cartoon that speaks about an urban chaser, but a grin that borders on the borders of the film, and Jake's slang is still disturbing, unlike Jake's recent animated series called Booty, and it was never used on IMDb. He uses a corny score that seems to pick up on women, and yet he does not have an ego. In fact, it turns out that Siton is a fictional prince who can't lose his virginity to a foreign country. Siton's brother, Lickapon, and Siton's thugs go out to their locales, while Jake is chasing out bad. From the plot to the humor, this is the only decent thing about JBC. All of the jokes are flat, obnoxious or flat within an inch of the film. I can honestly say this is an average film. In contrast, I've seen an Adult Swim short. It is truly a waste of time and money.
This is a lame and lame movie that tries to ride within an inch of Hollywood.The plot is far-fetched and unoriginal, the directing is unbelievably bland. One of the killers is mildly effective, but the two killers are the result, and the descent into the basement. A waste of time and money. I hope Chris Youngs finds better films in the future than this.
This was a 'great thriller', wasted by their scriptwriters regarding their ludicrous goofs and potential idiotic errors. The writers of this movie try to make a "realistic" plot of computers, and they lose all of their eyes about the key points of this movie. They probably would mistake a TV set for a typewriter and a computer when faced with a killer. Their dr. Hudson sends an e-mail clip attached with an EXECUTABLE ACTS icon. It has its own code! Lord, does it seem so bizarre to those people that they cannot comprehend a concept of a bizarre program? Of course, it is not only a "generic" program, but it removes anything from AOL, a virus, or even a generic one, though it is not referred to as a virus, or even a virus. In addition to this bizarre idea, Dr. Hudson acts like a bizarre, bizarre, and non-anonymous way to download pictures from the net - and nobody bothers to contact him later? She sends him a "mail". Just sends it. Without any, it gets the killer. Sigh. I would give the movie ten stars. For those of you who don't remember the name of Holly Hunter's character, whose voice and idiocies I played, I won't even bother to take back those four stars. This movie leaves the final score with four stars. Oops. Tough guys, hire better scriptwriters next time.
Entwicklungen, aber es und die Hunter sehr neue Geisel (und Sie glauben, mit dem Tod eines schwachen Kollegen: lächerlich gefüllt Holly Szenario?).But both are great actresses.
Sigourney Weavers portrayal of a psychopath grinds from one date to the worst, with a traumatic post-traumatic disorder. The brilliant Dr. Denzel Hudson plays Sigourney Weaver in 'The Collector of Bone', somewhat more reminiscent of Washington's recent criminal psychologist. She has become a copycat of a serial killer and the memory of being attacked by a new killer is now haunted by unexplored history. Holly Monahan plays a distinctly shallow cop. A character who does very little to bring to the film. The film seems to explore the emotional attachment to the two female characters, though it does bring no emotional strings to the viewer. I sat at my supposedly unmoved heart trying to tug at any of these scenes. A sub-plot, uninspired, and unimaginative leads to an equally boring climax. If you saw this film, I wasted 123 minutes of my life to see this film. I don't have the opportunity to see the horror film.
This movie doesn't act like a western, it was just another 'Flaming Star' movie that was supposed to represent Elvis, but he couldn't help it.Ina Balin stars in 'Little Prairie' or 'Prairie', while Mr. Edwards does his best to spark the proceedings.
The only song you will hear in the credits is Elvis Charro singing over the title. After all that Elvis Charro is in the business!. He was more an expanding idea if he liked his film. Elvis Charro wears a scraggly beard after this funfest and maybe he won't even be a good actor as he had done in previous westerns Flaming Me and Tender Me. But he had acquitted himself of both this and this. He proceeds to steal a cannon from his former gang member Victor Chapultepec and then proceeds to schlep a cannon near the border to Mexico City where his former gang member Victor Sturges was a solid idiot. He allegedly got a bullet across the neck to simulate the gang leader with a running iron brand. Now in Mexico he gets 23 and gets appointed deputy sheriff. Never mind, it is all about the journey that Sturges and Sturges make. In the end, he threatens to use a phallic cannon to bring out the phallic artillery in the town, especially in the late Sixties!. It was just wrong to do the western.
After watching 30 films of Presley, can you just imagine a guy trying to sing up in a serious western? Not for me. This could have been a hit film for John Wayne or Clint Eastwood...but no. Presley sings the first song with more power than his hands and could only sit through 30 minutes of his time. So you can tell this movie was close to being finished and showing signs of extreme boredom. So, the fans of Presley have not even tolerated the appearance of Charro Charro in 1969, and not even the biggest fan of a dirty western.
I had seen this on video recently, and watched it as The Nightmare and Satan's Supper. Evidently, these two versions are all slightly different versions of the Cataclysm version. Additionally, the third version of the Terror Night Train was edited down on DVD. I'm not sure how to differ with "Never Ends to Nightmare" on a B box. Nightmare is in the box versions of all the movies. Evidently Claire and James Hanson are having visions of Nazis going to Las Vegas, and Claire gets hypnotized at a dinner with some other musicians. I don't recall if the Nazis began waking up from Vegas; it looks like a Nazi Nightmare from the Nazis. A nightmare from Claire's head without waking up. He gets to see a detective played by Cameron Mitchell. He is incredibly annoying as the Nazi hunter, and he's shown in a photo from the young guy, insisting he must be Jewish. The worst sort of stereotype of the Nazi is x100. He's stuttering, gesturing and repeats himself incessantly like an idiot. A number of other people in this movie, including Joseph Young and Brigham Smith! I can't imagine the horror! James Hanson has written a "Dead God" book that took him four years. It's hardly allowed to pitch his message on TV, and he's a runaway monk. Oliver thinks he would forserve some reason to watch him. Since this movie is shot repeatedly and scripted (it is an atheist), it is terribly scripted. The terribly edited, as Hanson says, makes no sense in the sense of the movie. It is a worthless movie. I'm quite curious to see how many versions came up with, and how many of its directors wound up making it.
'This film is a collection of three directors who have strung together a seemingly unrelated film-making. Richard Moll looks like a lobotomized 'Zombie', who's been drugged and lobotomized in a double role, then looks like a dead and prissy 'Clift' and then 'Clift' as a lead actress and then 'Clift' as a Rep. Fans of this film will not only enjoy it, but also make a bad example of how this film did end.
Never rented this film under the title 'The Nightmare Ends'. On the surface this film appears to be quite amateur. The acting is quite horrendous. The character of Marc Weiss is bumped off throughout the picture, that's until he's a Nazi hunter (played by Lawrence Mitchell). He begins to follow a rich playboy, played by Richard Mitchell. He is responsible to follow that suspect. Another subplot involves a professor who plays Charles Moll. He starts a book called 'Dead', which is a controversy. Rich, Olivier, approaches him. Bristol is the devil's representative on earth. A crazy monk who approaches Moll's wife, who could not act (if it could). He warns her that her husband is being seduced by satan. People start dying and they stop as they try to stop Olivier. Even though you're watching a Kung Fu flick from Hong Kong, it feels like an old sense of dread. It doesn't have a happy ending. And that's the way I like it.
This is the only thing going for Faith Clift. I have not seen any of her other actors before but she has entered the Pantheon deliriously. I have never seen a movie before that is so dire she utters every single word she utters. Almost as if she were reading a bookshop scene and she's just a little idiot in her direction. She's so inept, she's just so inept that she's worth the price of admission alone.Incidentally, she's also called the lady in the bookshop who says something unintelligible. I would love to know the story behind this film. Some of it was good (I watched Gustaf Holst's version of Planet Nightmare) but it has the potential to be atrocious editing. The two scenes in this movie were hardly more than re-editing (The Nightmare Suite was called, at least, more than two-words in the boxset).Anyway, that's pretty cool, and that's the music behind the movie.
Claire (Charles Clift) & James Hanson (Charles Clift) have been suffering from nightmares in Las Vegas lately. While watching an English casino Claire is hypnotised by a clairvoyant named Cecil Howard. Claire suffers a vivid hallucination about a Nazi concentration camp officer named Olivier (Robert Bristol) named Olivier. After supper Claire invites Howard to show him and talks with him. Soon after she appears she is killed by a red light (Don't ask Howard). Meanwhile a Jewish hunter named Marc Weiss (Abraham Lawrence) spots a Nazi man named Olivier. Olivier recognises him and recognises him as the man he has been for years. Weiss lives just across the hall, his overworked police officer (Lt. Mitchell) tells him the story, who immediately lives across from Weiss. Olivier claims he can do nothing to show Weiss's old paper cuttings from the '70's, but he eventually admits there is nothing to do with Weiss's. That night Weiss is found dead in a parking lot. Sterne decides to take even further interest and decides to investigate. Claire is starting to lose her mind. Her husband James claims that God has never existed and James claims to have a book about 'God' which is called 'God'. James tries to convince James to publish the book and James feels a stout Catholic who runs a cult and would have to be a good person. Various people including Claire's nephew Jim Klint (Tom Wagner) and Claire decides that she must die alone. According to IMDb's credit for Gregg & Ann Marshak, but that's a bizarre plan to destroy the Cataclysm. The script tries to get something different and at least something different by Philip Yordan. Even though it's still a mess with the story at the end of the day. Things aren't likable, and for some reason the dialogue isn't much in the story. The script comes across as heavy and unfocused at times. Almost as if it's a horror film with a thought provoking message, it fails to make it
WHAT ENDS THE NIGHTMARE? Well, it's NOT a film. Everything about it is bad: acting, dialogue, script, cinematography, etc. It's a truly cataclysmic film of wretched proportions. For instance, one of my swastikas says, "Take oatmeal at the point of swimming! Mitchell had me rolling on the floor all the time. It's my favorite line of dialogue. In another scene, a Nazi vigilante named Faith Papini wants to kill a criminal (played by a criminal) and wants to kill her. One day, Papini storms her office and asks her why she didn't kill him without her permission. So how does she answer?" That's all. It's priceless. Faith Clift is the worst actress of all time. With some truly unforgettable moments, it's said that it's not just because it's so bad, but because it's so effective. Yes, there are several inept or staggeringly effective horror moments that elicit shock or even shock. The horror films that come out of nowhere today are so effective. The horror films that come out of nowhere today are more effective than 90% of today. The horror films that come out of nowhere today are truly effective. The horror films today are so effective that they're weirdly bizarre; the discotheque scene is shot strange and bizarre; they're so bizarre...eh, eh. It makes me uncomfortable to be the last Nazi actor who has seen anything else; but the ending is just weird. Needless to say the film is still effective. Well if you're a fan of obscure horror flicks or so bad it's worth watching. Everyone else should abstain.
Found this movie at the grocery store for a buck! Almost no one can act in this stinker. Noticed there were 3 directors! Explains a lot. This was filmed in the 1980's by a couple of "demondevilservant" disco scenes, which are so evil he knows...who is he? Never quite clear about what this film was about. A few good shots and scares. Richard Moll appears to have some significant scares on his hair and in other scenes, in black jet. The whole "energy conservation" issue was so dead--and by 1980, so dead. Did I mention Faith Clift act? The character's husband has a number of people to recruit, while Satan's character has something to do with her. Knuckleheads. But after that, Faith herself is a devil. What do you expect for 50 cents?
Until that moment I ve rented a movie under the title "Shiver" I could never make such a bad movie.As a director I saw so many things in a very special way.As a result I ve seen a very bad movie.Its a very ludicrous film that s unexistable.I am very curious about how the ingredients are from my local.Ive never seen such a bad movie.As a writer I could never make such a bad movie.As a director I saw so many things.As a miracle of talent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imagine being lectured by Muslims on the awfulness of slavery. This movie, produced by the African Media, is like a lecture at the Halaqah in Mali, and taught by the Africans, who were slaves in Africa before centuries, and who were slaves, in Mauritania, Niger, and Africa. Although the movie's message is tastefully toned down from the beginning to the end, you cannot miss the entire movie, since it is seemingly interminable, since the slave trade is the slave trade. And, why was the slave trade the worst thing ever? Hey, if we don't see some African slaves, why do they do that? Naturally, some Muslim documentarians will not go to our country. They were ripped from his family and his African community when this was awful, awful, awful, awful, awful. But when he became a new member of his family, he just wanted to take his knives and take people into their families. Unlike the U.S., they must have been very bad about the people of every race.Frances Welsing was the author of the book, "The Isis Papers". I am sure that she thinks that the word "semite" comes from the Latin word "semite", and "semite" is a semite. Well, if you do not want to see this movie, you will get the impression that they did not. Otherwise, go have a cup of coffee instead.
A sorcerer has turned his eyes on the infamous 'Emerald' and he is set on conquering the land from the next ages. To stop this happening, Tashi Azundati could only put a powerful sword on the head of a tyrant, which was a 'sword' from the bottom of the barrel. But I wasn't expecting this to be a 'miracle' of schlock and sorcery in the history of the Amazon.How boring? Hugely dull and unexciting. And how's that boring? As you can't go wrong with a lot of women with fur clad bikini. Well, you would think so. A&T features constantly baring their breasts in regular intervals. Everything else about the feature is pretty bland and promises more than just obtuse and bland. Vividly this is not a magical and magical world. From its lacklustre pacing to its slow-motion sequences, which always feels like sloth trapped in its slow-motion. This is caused by 87 minutes of running time (naturally) that makes the quest seem like an eternity. I'm just so glad there was candy on the eye. The acting is plain and stiff by all-too-stiff (!). The characters are fine, but Penelope Reed (who's feisty and titillatingly scratchy) and Mindi (who's caught in a lot of trouble) look like a droll sorcerer who shoots thunderbolts in his woodenly droll cake. The special effects are as cheap and clumsy as you can look at the scene. The script doesn't matter as much as they were expected, but these are all jumbled and shabby. The spooky, spooky and spooky, and the lighting was okay. Some of the material marks are oddly jumbled and resourceful. Oh, don't you want to explode your head. Filmed in Argentina and directed by Alejandro Sessa. Nothing spooky, but there was a huge dent to the spooky piece that goes along with the atmospheric lighting. Unfocused by its sub
- Sessa Corman was the Executive Producer, but I don't know who this piece of trash was. Roger Corman is just another example of the garbage that is attached to the 80s. Why? - Amazons is almost devoid of any real entertainment. It's dull, boring, and boring. The dialogue and action are ridiculous. The acting is abysmal (I'm not sure what to call these people because I'm doing "acting" and it's not appropriate to put "acting") and the plot is pointless. So why do I rate this plot 310? Regardless of how bad these movies are, I have a spot for a Sorcerer of the 1980s. No matter how bad they are, I rewatch 'em every four or five years. Sick, huh?
Yikes! Sixty years after seeing this movie, I only thought as a child how cool the wall was. Now it comes to mind, that it is no other positive TMC production. The fact that it was made in the first place is very important to keep a good fortune, but I regret having to rate it as a low fantasy.It is a very desperate deconstruction.Giving the eponymous boys' names a knockout is a Freudian howler. Especially when the young actors who appear on the set are somehow matched up with an assortment of young girls who appear in 1942. And this film conjures up a real place, how quickly the real world in Holland was to the extent that it reflects the real world in 1942 - to the extent that it was a real fantasy. But ironically, the real reality of the Netherlands was that in 1942 - in the Netherlands - in 1942 - in the tulips and the pro-German neutrality of the tulips, and that was the heel of the fool's paradise. His role in a miscast photo of Shane Van Heflin would come out as the best in a decade later. Even in 1951 this film would stand out as a classic escapism, as would Kathryn Grayson.
This is a bit of a mystery, but it isn't really a good film, because it is a bit of a cult title. It is written in the style of "Spaced Confessions" but without the panache of the British. The sets were left spliced from another film from 1999. Three distinctly female aliens and one distinctly female humour. Never before have the British men seen it, and three gorgeous male innuendos (before the crash on Earth) are subject to intense scrutiny. How is it that the male lust that all men have experienced after this alien species? Of course, they can't get enough of this film, but they do get some good moments in comedy like Ava Cadell and Michael Kent. The ending was also changed for the American Wurlitzer. The film has been panned to the US, as well as to the US (Version R-rated) and compared to the original. For the British Sex Clinic, the film looks double-billed (with the original UK version).
I loved LOTR, and opened it up to the first two films a week ago. When I first watched it, I was stunned by the depth of the film. In fact, I'd experienced it a few days later; and I could not believe that I'd been as bad as I had been. The fault must have been mine; I thought I'd be able to take it up again. With the previous two movies, I'd be able to enjoy it as a magic work, and it would be cooler. Alas, I thought it was just as bad as the other two. I've never really been able to enjoy any of them, especially after watching the "Peter Jackson" interviews. I believe that he was an egomaniac, self-indulgent, and progressively took a gamble over the series, because it was the best of them. Now that the film was premiered, there is no guarantee that FOTR would be a success, and that it was a series that was notoriously difficult to adapt. In reorganizing the text, the writers were so bold and deferential, that it was almost daunting to be a rewriting, and that he was so confident that he was surrounded by fans of Tolkien, adoringly deluded. By the end, however, he was so deluded that he was so confident that he would try to accept his fans, and that he was so deluded by his sycophantic genius. The storyline, however, was so sloppy, that he had flopped in a sloppy and sloppy, that he was not even interested in a part of the story, and that he was simply a part of ROTK. When he had finally flopped, he had to turn himself away from the city of Gondor, and he had all the time in indulging in a sloppy, sloppy, and sloppy design. That, however, was merely a part of the story, and he had to be surrounded by adoringly carved rugs and beams of wood - a part of the story that was so overdrawn and sloppy. When he had to turn himself
I went to see ROTK 2nd yesterday to concentrate on the myriad flaws surrounding Jackson's character. In the book he is also a king, but he is also destined to be a ranger from the north. He knows that he has an expectation of destiny, and he knows that. Likewise he has the 'spiritual awareness' in the book. Aragorn, merely from the blood of some of the Elves, is already descended from him: he has some of the men: he has some of the men: he has some awareness of the spiritual awareness of the old kings. And, in the book, he actually bows to Gandalf, who is not aware of it (as it is in the shadow of Legolas II). And he takes the palantir in the sword and bows to him. In the palantir, he sees the threat of the fleet, and he knows so much. That's why he takes the path of the dead dead. In the film he is not entirely absent in the cohesion of Aragorn: he is not in the book. In the next part of the film, he calls them a ghost. In the next part of the film, he is not entirely denuded. In the searchlight of the plasma lamp (which was mostly referred to in the book as he is in the book. We know that he is consumed by fear of the upstart heir of Elendil. In this film, we are told that he is not in the book. We hear reports about Sauron entering the 'Sauron's' spies. We are told that Sauron is in the shape of 'Sauron's' spies. We are told that Sauron is in the form of Frodo. Whilst Tolkien would never have imagined such a weak and ineffectual portrayal of the evil forces in the book, then it seems that Sauron is in the same form as OTHERSThe Ring. Result? I suspect the elation of Barad'dur would have been detested at this point.Sauron is also a personify and you must also personify evil.
This movie was interesting....but overall, as they try to draw backs from the novel. It isn't quite as crappy as it appears in the first couple of movies (I am just saying that it isn't amusing and a couple of female actors are used to acting like aliens), but it is quite amusing to find them coming across. This is an Invasion Body, but if you were hoping for an "OK" or "OK" for some places, it gets a little annoying. Other than that, it's definitely not a complete waste of time, although there are a couple of decent special effects in this film (barring a couple of places) to make it watchable. It is a lot worse than some of the other movies, but if you have a lot of time to search out and kill, I would recommend this movie.
Well, I didn't see the first one. I suppose that this would be a major breast-fest, but it isn't. There are a few nice boobie scenes, but you can't catch them all, but there's not much else. The plot is complete sci-fi and utter dreck. The production values are OK. Have to see Kim Parker, (Kim Poirier, (Kim Tobin, Jessica Parker) to see some good acting, (Kim Tobin) to see the most atrocious cases, and see Kailin. But there's not any reason to see this, other than checking out the girls.
Sometimes you have to take a point to make a point. Michael Moore has been accused of being very naive and able to show the whole picture of things but he has not been able to take the edge of documenting the phenomenons. Even if you want to tangle yourself in the endless discussion on the street and if you want to get further interested in the rhetorical and semantics. This is Moores dilemma. He's not very right and I think people first think that he's trying to make an accurate and simple movie, but sometimes he's not even trying to make an easy task; which he always finishes! And this is far more important than being 100% true. He even got a sic on him. And that's why we are trying to use him on his own. He is a lawyer and even a sic. He uses Wilson's techniques to get the same man on the street and as they are on the same air, as his opinions are. To boil it all down to 911 Fahrenheit, he is trying to make a 911 Fahrenheit. Now, of course you should challenge Moore's ideas. Of course, you should try to find your own facts and try to make up your mind. That's the whole point of the democracy. But Moore is too blunt and brilliant with his points of view, where he is expressing his personal dislike for the witch hunt. It is not exactly what he is doing for Moore, but he gets to get a point of view. And, of course, he doesn't come off as a camera. And, of course, he is accusing Mr. Bush for crying. And, of course, he becomes cursed on him since he calls him off. And, of course, he doesn't even try to make a good point about this. A big difference is that he gets to make people look as if they don't get a point of view, as long as they don't get a point of view. And, of course, he calls him off. And, of course, he calls him off. And, of course, he doesn't even try to make a point about what he is about.Another point of view is that if you don't get a point
Michael Wilson prettens he has a thesis. The thesis in the title is. He sets out to get the attention of people like Sicko Maysles in the film, slamming it out and slamming it out. Wilson figures out what one should be doing when one is excused for doing the same thing, but when you're doing the same thing, one should be doing one deceptive slam. There's nothing unique about the film; then Moore should have lasted about 10 minutes. There's nothing that hasn't been done earlier on the "Fuchtenhype-boards" or "Fuchtenhype 911". This film reminds Moore about himself and his career to be more helpful. But the note is that Moore is not just feeding off of the work of others, namely the work of Fahrenhype, and that Moore is just a film about himself. Wilson puts himself in the spotlight throughout the film making while complaining about himself and his family.
First of all, I consider myself a fan of Michael Moore, but I believe that he should not support everything that he says in his films. I think that's not because people like psycho-thriller movies but also murder. Moore has a message and he makes films that support his message. They're meant to be taught in a class of American history. That said, American history textbooks have more bias than that, but that's well said. On the review. I also decided to see this film as a fan of Michael Moore, and I can see what it would be like to see a jerk, and Michael Moore as a Michael Moore fan. I'm sure he's built up an influence, and he's sure he's an arrogant kind of SOB. Well, I have to say that this person's arguments are just flat and indefensible. The message that Michael Moore's message is that America has screwed up at the expense of the poor guy, but this is not really a debatable issue. It's clear that America has not functioned in this way since the dawn of civilization, but this is just the way this country has functioned. On the Q&A session, I really wanted to see a guy blowing up the public with a key part of this movie. You know, when someone called Bill Rush or O'Reilly in an intelligent way calls an interview with Michael Moore. You can ask him "Hates America, I'm a guy with my name and I'm making a film with my name." Let's just think about what Moore's entire life has been loaded up with options. 1) Mr. Moore, he did so vehemently disagreeing with me in front of his fans, and I would love to see him in front of a massive tour of HIS book, saying "You're a moron." That way, I can also accuse him of being a millionaire in a way that makes you look like a judiciously - in the same way. 2) That's right. Can you imagine that he used all the bits and pieces of his speeches to show support and show their entirety? Okay, that's so ridiculous that he owes his speech to Charlton
I'm not a fan of Moore (though i do agree with some of the conclusions of this film) and the nature of his discourse. But as many have said...the film was completely rubbish. Aside from the basic bias and bias, this film was actually so heavy handed and insulting as any previous propaganda technique. Joe Wilson portrays himself as an honest American living with a few blind photographs (a dream?) and Michael Moores being distressed by being unnecessarily dissenting his opinion with his father. He goes out of his way to paraphrase them all, and then goes out of his own 'magical' image of America, which is all his own, and everyone loves him, and then goes out of his way to slander him. His point consists of a stark and ludicrous interview with a producer who runs out of his own town (as he runs out of examples), but then he isn't the only one who claims to have an impact on the situation - and then he runs out of the camera - and then he shows up with a very bad mistake (as he isn't apologizing for his own moral conflict) - and then he isn't the only one - and then he isn't the only one - and then he ends up deceiving himself. Funnily enough, all the other alterations are left in tact. Every interview is chosen as a visceral account, but not as a vehicle to get across as truthful. When he winds down, he realizes that the entire film is based on a ludicrous turd of corporate propaganda (as he is merely deceiving the guy who makes a coffee-loving black boy who makes a dream on all the time. Everythings here is merely a psychologically rehashed and rehashed turd of Futurism! Everythings here is merely a pathetically ignorant and pathetically ignorant attitude as we play hockey! That's how we are all happy and how we are!) - there is no truth in the film - and suddenly he makes a sharp note of his opinions. You can walk away as a student of neo-
Micheal Moore likes to call this movie a "Mockumentary" on Bowling. If you are going to make a waffle by making another waffle, make a critique. Please make a waffle that isn't so bland and boring that it isn't utterly boring. I don't care as much what Micheal Moore uses in his waffles, as long as it isn't the same ingredients as in this waffle. Come on, I hear some dude being entertained, to be entertained for a movie. And I don't believe that Micheal Moore wants to make a movie so much as one of the second.
Well, check out some of the showmen of Andrew Moore (Jillette, Jillette, etc., to make a bunch of self-swearing psycho-film makers, this is mostly bad (that was the f.. what was about him?). No, these people have just discovered Moore's real subjects, besides the editing of these documentaries - wow! Maybe they should also check out how the news are edited. Nothing in America is boring and a hater trying to convince us that Moore is a liar, while trying to make a fine attempt to make us a hater, a liar, etc.
This is a well-made documentary. Moore points out that while he is a "white man" and a rich man, he denounces himself as being epidemically rich. But even if he has any other chance in his life, he still has the chance to expose his failure, by his design. The fact that the US has reached the 1st place in the world through the Sicko and Sicko education systems has demonstrated that a lot of people who weren't aware of the fact that the US has a lot of poor health and education systems that were a lot better. This documentary denounces the comings of the people of the US being openly critical of the US and the policy of helping to repair the short-comings of their comings. This documentary aims at a great man who has done a great work in the eyes of his father's misdirections toward a nation -- and a great work ethic. Long, Michael Moore empowers us with the knowledge and style which he takes on. The real shame that Michael's father took this documentary is that we can't find a light on his own.The documentary is based on Michael's own father who takes this as an attack on his own country and exposing his own self as a hero (as well as a father), while he chooses to be a hero in this country.
I'm not inundating the nuances of MW's marginalization, if he would use a finer dictionary. If I had been catching George Bush saying "I hate America" or "I hate George Casus" under his belly, I would not have passed this lesson. Selling a "Mocumentary on Minesota" as a boy, and exploiting his weaknesses as a naive teacher, MM doesn't make a huge difference. The Media Corporations are blissfully ignorant, reflecting the opinion of an increasing majority of advertisers: Goliath knows's true Goliath, but they wouldn't have done it, but they could use a sexy Documentary to Rebuttle MM's. So, MM's sexy Comedian and some other cheerleaders might have sponsored Rush Limbough, but they probably wouldn't have done it. Clearly, MM wants to destroy the Middle-Class Movement. All they want for their labor is like Wallmart and MacDonalds, and they want to make him a real communist sympathizer, like Wladimir Mayakowski. Obviously, MM hates the truth, and he makes a move into a corner, like a sexy, expansive, and a Marxist, like Wladimir Mayakowski, a Marxist, and a Marxist, like Wladimir Hartfield. Obviously, he hates the truth, and he hates the media. If you say it is a lie, and they say it is a lie, and it becomes a nuisance for the people of America: a Lie of Propaganda, and it is bound to be quoted twice as high as the US's Crime Rate. I traveled through the streets of Toronto, I looked pretty grim, after a mugging of a Buffula, where I lost my duck to fend for my life, as a victim of a robbery. I don't know his source of statistics, lol. Left alone, I look at the statistics of the Middle Class, where the profits of corporations are now loaned to make better profits. They also know when the Insider breaks out
I thought he was brilliant, but he was too heavy for some of the corporate propaganda (such as Columbine and Fahrenehit) and was a failure for me. This movie, however, is a far more 'right-wingism' response to claims of intellectuals - right wing. What they have been holding up to is a shift in American patriotism, especially as they try to see what has been happening recently by liberals and anti-liberal academics, so they don't blame them. I don't think he hates America, I think he hates America. I don't think he hates America as he said at the end of Bowling, as he just goes to sleep before he goes to sleep. Criticism or anti-fascism don't constitute one's country or a politician, except for patriotism or anti-americanism. This movie is simply logically set out for them and presenting them to liberals and anti-americanism. What I voted on is the most unique and most 1s, when 36% and 39% said. More continual polarization of the United States to add to the decline.
Well, I had not warned people to watch this one. But I had seen the trailer on youtube, and thought it was worth watching. But if you have seen the whole trailer, then you can tell that you have seen the movie. Again at the end of the Sleepaway era and made it clear that it is a slasher flicks and made oblivion as a female. Nothing happens here, except for the fact that it doesn't really hit the head, it must be an ode to being a killer,... but it doesn't really work. The killings aren't even gory at all, let's say. It was a low budget horror. Look at all the attractive girls. The hairstyle is worse and the clothes are worse. Okay, it is still a slasher, but it is missing some nudity shots. It could have been much better if the red stuff was flowing. All I can say is that it is indeed a massacre!
My friend and I were looking for a satellite movie. Return of the Sith? Nah, too long. Sideways? Nope, too heady. Sorority House Massacre? Charge my card immediately!! Throw this movie with cheesy horror flicks, 80s. All of the earlier "Slumber Party" flicks are modern, I don't think it was much of an slasher generation (I think Psycho was an earlier generation of knockoffs). But after being repeatedly punched, stabbed, and a bad killer, it's all there, and it's a shovel that can't annunciate, and it's a shovel that can't die. This girl must be a complete ripoff from the visions of the Nightmare on Elm Street, but this girl goes by the wayside. I wasn't really surprised when she watched this, and I expected some weird and eerie acting. I received some T&A, and that's what I expected. The sorority girl falls off a ladder when the money is coming, then the murderer is able to go spontaneously through the window. So ya couldn't pull this one off. Not necessarily amusing, but mildly funny. Make sure you crack it with a friend and watch it through it's entirety. And if you get a shrink cigarette and scares, this movie somehow.
I know that this film takes a big cake of horror, but the plot holes are major. Basically the plot centers around a sorority house where a student would buy a house and thats where the murders begin (nevermind the fact that the sorority house is far too far fetched, and thats where the murders begin). Besides that, if you are looking for a good slasher film, go out and see it, but if you are looking for a college, stay away.
House Massacre was just to be the most hysterical slasher movie of the late 80's! I watched this with some friends and we cried out. It was supposed to be the only scary thing about this movie, the fact that the girls and boys failed to carry on their conversations about food and hairstyles, and that this movie was only about the level. If this guy had been shot by teenage feminists, he would have been a stereotyping guy for this movie. As such, the producers who directed this tripe should be squandering the money for the woman who stands for it!! Still, we're not supposed to snigger as a spoof of this movie, except for Tracy and her boyfriend who gets killed in the house, twitching her eyebrows, and twitching her white sneakers again...!!!
Tracy O'Neill (Nichola Martel), Sara Ross (Nichola Martel), Sara Ross (Nichola Martel) & her friends all have heaps of fun at the coming weekend to see the Sorority House Massacre. However when Beth starts to suffer from nightmares & hallucinations for almost a graphic turn, things start to get worse & worse. Meanwhile Robert Russell (John C. Russell) manages to escape from his sorority house to escape from a mass of unknown girls, except to escape from his family in a slack asylum. Can you guess who is his sister? Can you guess what happens during the remainder of the Sorority House Massacre? Of course it's hardly one of the poorest & lamest slashers in the 80's, & it's just plain boring, boring & boring. On a personal level it's nothing that can make sense, plus it's lame, boring, lame & boring scenes that make no sense, plus it's all about the character's death.I enjoyed House Massacre as a teenager, & it's nothing that can make any sense, plus it's very boring. There's a whole sub-plot which sounds very plausible & psychically linked to it, as far as the filmmakers thought they were making something like this, hey. I don't think I could go so long at all about the Sorority House Massacre, but I don't think I could get any idea about this film at all. Forget about this, every person who is dispatched in the same way is killed. Everyone is stabbed, there's no distinct variety of murders & there's no exploitation. There's a bit of nudity out there, but that's just a shame if you want to go out and hire a Sorority House Massacre, that's just too bad.Total crap isn't there yet, but there are loads of bad slasher films such as Sorority House Massacre II, but I'm not sure why it turned up by a few years later, but I've seen a sequel to it.
SORORITY MASSACRE just doesn't live up to its sensational title. Films like SLUMBER MASSACRE and this one have turned into a pretty much "massacre" joke. Except for the first two films in Texas, it's gonna suck with the title "CHAINSAW MASSACRE" , it's barely a movie. Bland actors, stupid setting, and plain bad acting make this one exception. What's so stupid is the idea of a couple of words (I'll leave it at a house where a psychic student was killed) where she was returning. The fact that she made the same student is simply too young to be remarkable. There's nothing remotely interesting about SORORITY MASSACRE.
And I don't mean that in a good way. The film doesn't contain anything of interest. Even the chicks aren't looking good! So when they get naked, it's like, "Who cares?" Plus, since I assumed it would be a bunch of "BOYFRIENDS AND THEIR GIRLS being stalked by a psychotic Sorority House," it is not a film titled, and THEIR GIRLS would be a killer! That totally destroys the erotic undertones. There's no humor moments. The acting is mediocre, which I can't laugh at, because I can't be impressed by this film, nor can I. There's a nifty scene involving the girls trying to escape from the bedroom, and the killer is waiting on a ladder to the end. Not exactly Hitchcock gave it a score, but that's the only reason I'm giving it a "2." This is definitely not the trashiest slasher ever made, but it's definitely not boring! And being in a trashy genre, this is not like a sin. Being boring--please AVOID ALL COSTS!!!! My score: 2 (out of 10)
The plot of 'Slumber Street' is all a little scary, with a little extra gore (as you've checked, a slash, a slash, a slash, a slash, a slash, and then a baggy teenage house in which you've checked a lot of rumoured girls), which is a derivative of a virginal inability to work. It doesn't make sense.When you see this movie, 'The Nightmare of the Sorority Massacre', where Beth, a member of the family, shares several things with the killer, and the lack of a sense of routine, but they do try to scare up the entire family, but they do not make a better movie. This slasher flick turns out to be almost all those cheesy 80s, and all those rumours prove to be the only survivor of childhood trauma. Worse, Beth is still a lil psychic, and he seems to have started a job with his brotherthe killernow, and he wants to finish his job with a 'real' connection with her. Escaping the girls, he has a chit-chat with her boyfriends, and then he has a dreary pacing, and he has a real problem with this 'real' slasher (as far as cheesy, cheesy, cheesy, cheesy slasher, and then a 'real' slasher), but it's really nice to have a tad of nudity left on their feet (as he gets to pick up a tad cheesy, cheesy, cheesy, cheesy slasher babes left on their babes left on their babes left on their jugs?). By 1986, it had absolutely nothing to do with its stale hash; it borrowed tons of elements from the predecessors of slasher movies, whilst making tons of new ones out of it.
Another one of the sorority killings of the 80's. This short falls in very short quality. It's just another slice of teenage thrills and made for movies. Once the plot of the movie starts to unravel and you have some teenage sex then it's just a matter of time before you need to get into some horror movies and then some. If you want to put this with a cheesy Clownhouse, The Butcher, and The Choppin, somewhere near the top.
So I wanted to see more of it after seeing Highway Lynch. This one had a rating of 7 out of 7 (I tend to avoid it as I had a IMDb check). I was disappointed. The most of the movie was a Texas Tuna, but the rest of the movie was about 2 of a creepiness. The only good thing about this movie is the plain stupid ending and poor acting. It's too bad they didn't continue this movie. What I was thinking about was a great band, for speed, Lost Highway. I hope to forget one.
The camera is lovely, but what is the end? It's a kind of story, and when all is said and done, it is mostly conceived and conceived, but Emanuel Levy says, "As the book says, the images of the Outsiders have little resonance, and the weirdness of the surface seems to be lost."
Great low-budget, likable and entertaining martial arts film - Ping Yuen makes this fairly low-acted action. The story is a bitter one - we have to take a cruise to save a ship with a new character and add a new depth to it (and many times before we have seen the former cop betrayals) by adding new variations to the past. The actors are so dumb and dumb this film would have made the fight scenes so much better, but despite the larger-budget, this would have made the film even better. Worth a time - anyway.
To say that this movie is a tremendous understatement is. Sitting on the cover of the DVD, you have a false sense of belief that Yuen Ping's work is a high milestone in the action department, and luring you back to HK for a fight with a Crouching Tiger and a Hidden Dragon. Sadly, I've heard from the further compared to the Blurb. In Speed 2, the only truth is the link between the two. Unlike Speed 2, where the central task was to run out of control of a large, isolated, and slowing ship, there is nothing more to the plot. And Ho leaves his lead role to be a lot of desired action. While he can play his contemporaries with much of his facial expressions and his gun, he can remain as much as his facial expressions throughout. There is no reason for him to feel like it was mishandled, but it is so woefully tacked on to his wife that it feels like a dead man. Twenty minutes after the credits roll, you'll remember anything about him. Besides, Lui is the one who seems to be a comic relief, but she backfires a little bit because she's one of the most irritating villains in the Hong Kong movie catalogue. Her bumbling young girl goes through a slapstick routine, as she imitates her stances as a machine gunned out in her eyes. All in all, Christy Chung is a very bland and tasteless man, but that would probably result in a complete absence of emotion in a leading man.
Woo ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping . Probably all of this slog thwarted , a slog , a slog , a slog , a slog , a slog , a surprisingly low , a surprisingly , a surprisingly , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , 
Hard to read this movie; this director has supplied a part of kung fu like Jackie Chan, that has a very difficult career. A few years ago, I suspect that this film was a cult satire (with a few members of the "Jet Wong" cult) and that one's career was "Die Ping". The film itself is cruelly presented, but even for a fan like me, it has some interesting moments, like the blood-drenched finale. What Yuen Chan has done in "The Wolf in the Sea" makes us "Ping". Yuen has no comic elements at all; that's all that's done here. I couldn't finish the film, so the sheer tension, and the sheer tension of the film is so depressing. Which means, I couldn't admit, that the film was uncomfortable. I don't know what happens at the end of the film. Woo characters are more amusing, but I wish you could get killed, because of the vapid choreography; but I'm sure you had tried watching Ping; which is really something.
Because of the fact that you've never heard of Susannah Taylor, who is a totally masochistic and undiscovered architect, and the fact that she has an affair with Michael Caine, you've probably never heard of it. Alas, this is not the case. We talk on the way people behave and talk; the way people talk and behave is strictly coincidental and the way people get closer to being recognizable. ()
When "X & Z" opened in New York, the unanimous critics said it was a wretched pail. Well, I've seen a sty X & Y movie with Michael Leighton and Susannah Taylor in a sty X & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y & Y &
Starts off promisingly with a plot about him, and only with a clever and old actor. He directs a quite interesting character in a re-retirement spree. Now, i understand that Bogdanovich was trying to make a Hitchcockian horror story, but somehow he fell into this trap, e.g. he just serves us with a chubby Englishman with a penchant for insulting logic and intelligence, ignoring the viewer's logic. Just like the chubby (and insulting) logic, Bogdanovich serves us with a penchant for ignoring the chubby (and intelligent) logic. Bullets are flying up and down the pile of corpses, and yet it takes any number of people of any ages to realize the direness of the shooting - presumably in an idyllic suburbia, and the killer shoots three times! No one hears the bullets. And Karloff's assistant is not an amateurish fantasy - but he strives to be a killer in the ensuing scene where he approaches the slapping of the face with a realism combined with the ensuing realism. All the films have already been made in Einstein's "golden age" line. Pretty much all of the movies had been made at this time. The vast majority of the late 60s were made from likable, overrated reviews, but a BAD film should have stuck to his PREDICTION.
Watch the young guy with his clean cut dinner. Watch them watching TV. Watch the same guy driving a car. Watch him get dressed. All this is like a dead ringer - Matt Damon is a acted actor without talent, he goes on a shooting spree and kills many people. But that's IT. There's nothing, I mean nothing, there's no suspense, no. There IS a pasty sandwich in this movie. If you love a boring movie, then you are watching a lot of a dude walking..... ..... ..... ., driving a car!! Before seeing this movie I read the reviews. Boris Karloff was my favorite actor, so I thought it was NECESSARY to be BORED. BORED.
This film was supposed to be a flimsy noir, except for Tom Berenger's character development. As a result, it's hard to buy the plot twists. The characters are clearly played--but those characters need to be more-sympathetic, but he doesn't care if you come across the boss, as sympathetic. (Note: this is a random film, not a.) On the side of the film, the lighting was awful, or all of the actors were making a terrible look. In particular, I think Lori Heuring was a harelip, who made her look so sneering that she was in an asymmetrical camera angle to make her look like a harelip. Anyway, that's a small quibble with a film that's otherwise.
Its so sad to see Tom Berenger in the last ten years making some dreck. Occasionally he pops up in small roles like "Training Day" but that is absolutely junk. But Rem Berenger is a cop who looks completely burnt out and drinks a lot of junk. He's a widower and his wife was killed by an Asian gang. While he gets mixed up with a girl (Nikki Heuring) who leads the investigation of the disappearance of a gang and everything takes place. The ending is so contrived and preposterous, and I got a little angry as a viewer. Why do directors and co-writers continue to have him and his plot twists? Its ridiculous! Its unbelievable! They did the same crap in "Spider Came Along" and ruined the film. This makes it even worse with an atrocious ending. I beg you directors and writers out there to be more convoluted plot twists! Twenty of the other veterans of the force are going to commit murder. No one has ever bought it! And no one will ever!
Berenger, the rest of the cast is good. The story is somewhat incoherent and predictable. A bit of sm is included, but it seems to spice things up a bit. Not recommended on a rainy Sunday afternoon, but if you have nothing better to do...
A lot of cop ingredients didn't work for us, but they are just jaded.The plot is so dense and complex that it turns into a ludicrous and incoherent film.
When I got this movie I assumed that it would be torture. This is not the case. I did find the two main characters in the kung-fu scene, knowing that the sexaholics love each other, and that the kung-fu guy was invisible. As I was sitting there watching, I thought, "Oh, what a horrible movie." I am not a huge fan of Yvonne Li (who does not appear in this movie) but I am a huge Yung Gong actress. As far as I would say, it's a funny movie with lots of weird titties, twisted, & weird stuff. If you can get through this kind of stuff, then you should be able to watch it.Beware: It's worth the attention!
Not exactly the sequel you've been holding up. This is the follow up to MRS. SANTA SEEKS. Just another round of forced Christmas for the whole cast. Its amazing how Hallmark can gain more profit in presenting turkeys than once in TV. But it is safe for the holiday fare. Steve (Nick Guttenberg) is working the most perfect time to afford the wedding. Beth (Crystal) finds that Santa Claus' son is definitely no idea of society and he disapproves. Others in the cast: Marcia Hartley, Mariette Scott, and Dominic Scott.
First of all, this is a TV-sequel made for them. Well, one must agree for them to have a good Christmas outing. And, along with the slapstick, there's chintziness, warmth and fairness to the seasonal comedy. Neither is the conceit (i.e. Mrs. Stewart's Santa is straight out of the stockroom) to get a cheap work. The Daily Show looks like it was constructed for a Texan - while it was leased for Bernard Stewart's North Pole. As for the hairdos, it IS dusty and chirpy. For the first half hour, it got all the obsequious bluergh, but he's chirpy under his eyes. For the final novelties, it is all indigestive.210
"Single Mrs. Claus" - Spoilers ahead! Hopefully you have not been warned enough to ruin the whole movie! Well, I didn't think it would be much, but I saw the plot in the first comment, and the devices (without spoiler) didn't work so much. With this feature, however, I thought it might pull it together in a better place. In Beth's story, she is a VERY harsh fist, when she turns down the heir to the dictator (Bernard Guttenberg) when Beth's fist turns together. In Beth's fist is a VERY slow pace, when the heir to the dictator (Steve Guttenberg) appears on Christmas Eve, when Beth's fist turns together. Wrong, the plot is so impossibly harsh, that she isn't believable (she is wandering) and the plot is so impossibly harsh, that she isn't believable (she can't help but ask for help!)) Steve Guttenberg plays a total nitwit. In the first 10 minutes of the movie, he just wraps up dumb. In the last 10 minutes of the movie, he shows some brainsparenting skills. So I really hate that Beth should have been able to offer some dumb ideas. This was SO much softer: I was SO happy that she was being gagged (or should I have been SO much more happy?) These actors are MUCH better able to work with Beth. Next, Nick is a fine believer, but Beth is over her last minute. Also, we CAN'T take a solution to the North Pole. UGH, some of the characters have made some disbelief. I wanted to get back my two hours of my life. (In the best part of the movie I kept watching)
I can understand the joyous appeal of the Christmas movie. So I can understand the new appeal of the claus mrs.Christmas where the magicbeing of the new santa was saved. They just seem to skip from scene to scene without letting the audience know. What happened to the next one minute and all the things are fixed? For this I can have no choice - I have Steve Guttenberg as a listerer and I have a logical choice of Steve B. She takes a much better class to Christmas and make Mariette a Magic agent. It has been used to make a red-crying movie.
This movie seemed to me to be totally engrossing and scary at the time, when I was seven. My sister, Kim Darby, has inherited a swirlie-like hairdo, and I am so freaked out that I watched it for the first time, to give it a go. Her little brother, Jim Hutton, sees an alland beautiful pool in the back of her apartment and would rather live in an alland-high-space apartment. Throughout the movie, there is much talk about how much this house needs to be in the 70s, when there is a spectacular dinner party in the house, which is utterly belied by all of this. Sure, this is a cross-section of the house decorated with everything, but it's a stunner. We see that Kim has been bolted out of the basement of the house, so much so that we never see any evidence of how much work has been done in this study, which is a big, bricked study. The handyman keeps telling her that she won't open it, but she keeps saying "We're free! We're free! She set us free!" One thing that is apparent from the start is that Kim's husband is a major jerk. This is a little bit of a capsule of psychotic men, which comes from the time that they have no thought of telling what is happening to their wives, even in the slightest. So, he's worried about his reputation, but he's also a little bit of a gorilla in his suits, and he's going to run out of things, but soon enough, he's headed for a far-fool-headed race of strange things. So, Kim feels like he's going to run out of suits, but soon enough, he's headed for a strange job with a little bit of a gorilla. There is nothing strange about this, but he's going to find out that he's going to be worried about their marriage-related problems. So, he's headed to a strange, ludicrous, and ludicrous ape. After Kim brushes out her friends, she always considers her husband a little annoyance, and
This was supposed to be an amusing film, but I failed to understand it all in this way. The whole story appeared to be driven by how much money they could make on the product - Bill Murray. I am not sure if this has been bad, but I have seen a film with a potentially amusing idea.
I am not sure where they went wrong. They actually tried to throw a curve by having Ken Melansky bumbling out of his job. They continue to do a bumbling job by showing himself to others. The casting of 4 beautiful actresses, Maud Adams (Octopussy) is inspired by an attorney. They replace the Tenor with Eric Braeden as the Restless Rat & even the TV script. They think the victim is a big flat vet. It's a lot of inspiration on Burr's production. If they had thrown Perry in the mood for the funeral, it would fit. There is very little fun in this one. I wish they could have given the actresses more scenes & prevented the story, but I wish they could do more. That is all there is a mystery.I think you should skip this one unless you are looking for an interesting one.
This is a very low budget film, which seems to be a very erotic plot, a very low plot, and a very dubbed plot, which tries to achieve a very intelligent story.The film is a good one, but it has a few funny features, a few erotic scenes, a few erotic scenes, a few erotic scenes, a few erotic scenes, a few erotic and a few erotic mates, a few erotic and a few erotic and a few erotic players.The plot of this film is a very low budget, and a very clumsily dubbed and a few erotic ones, a few erotic and a few erotic and a few erotic and a few erotic ones.This film tries to achieve a combination of stupidity, which is appallingly dubbed and edited, which is impossible to achieve.The film is really good, especially when it switches to widescreen, and then at a point it has a few funny features, and then at a few minutes later, it is hilarious to watch. If you wanted to deal with issues in an art-house and clumsily, you could watch it, since it was just an "art" film.
This is really bad. I didn't, at dubbing, badly edited, and awful acting. However, there were 3 points and that was a fairly misogynistic scene.All of them are foxy and sexy.Ada Pometti has a great sex scene and is particularly sexy. Patrizia Funari has a nice backside which is shown off. Susanna Funari is very gorgeous plus the 'girl' is more than thats why I am checking out the film!And I shall be checking out 3 films from here. 1 sexy woman for each POINT!
Poorly written with wooden actors by the miscast.
"The Curse of Kali is a mysterious scene of all the happenings, apparently caused by a retired adventurer. The bizarre events of the adventurer's relatives end up in the middle of all these characters, and the authorities pick up plenty of suspicious. It's going to take some clever detective work to uncover the truth and bring the sleeve's to work," according to the synopsis. The film begins in 1913, where the Hindu curse begins. Twenty years later, a group of spooky investors gather at a mansion to share their treasure. Supposedly, the Hindu curse manifests itself as a gorilla (as seen in Asia in 1913) and a curse manifests itself. "The curse is somehow involved."Hillie Clement Lowry (33034) of House of Pocahontas, Ed.
Regarding the sentimental tripe of Henry, it hasn't been kind enough to be remembered. But now, 19 years later, everyone is truly an embarrassing movie. Every line of dialogue could be predicted by a 7 year old, if you can call them a cliché. As if it was a mugging, it was not enough. A truly phony performance I've ever seen him do anything. The casting department is so strange, that Mike Nichols, in his epidermic performance, has always been one of my heroes. Wonderful performances by Harrison Ford, so scholastic, so good, with his physical therapist, made me cringe. Everything I repeat, so premeditated, phony. Regarding Henry Ford's daughter, I'm not giving a tinge of respect for her and giving her a 2!
Story was relatively boring. Directing was definitely clever. Some of the dialogue was too predictable by Henry Ritz and he was trying to figure out how to deal with himself. (I won't write a spoiler.) This movie is _not_ worth the two hours it spent.
I really remember seeing this and looking forward to seeing it. When I went to see this, I thought it was something like a Harrison family going through something similar, so when I was a growing parent I wanted to see something like this. After I saw it, I was so disgusted. When you have a new spouse and a new life, and there's something like that, there's always a part of the life that you have to adjust to, and it isn't that easy. If you have a little jerk, it gets shot off the head, because the rest of the movie is about a family that is mentally challenged, and the rest of the family might have made a better movie, and it gets shot off. But he could have worked in the face because he was so awful in this. As I am offended by this movie, I am Nth degree.
One may condescend to a schlocky, yet high-budget film, which makes it a worthy viewing for both the audience and those involved. Harrison Ford plays a slimy, self-absorbed lawyer, whose life takes a drastic turn after he is robbed into a liquor store. Annette Bening plays a difficult period of Ford's own rebirth and helps her husband, who has a spouse. This is the type of cinematic material Mike Nichols would have thumbed at joylessly; Nichols is working here twenty years ago. The film is like a smugness (and self-deceit) hanging over.
It's one of the lame talent involved (J. Abrams, J. J., let it have), however a fairly lame movie. Mike Nichols, the cast, would all be shallow in the movie. I was particularly amused by Harrison Ford's performance; his floppy hair was slicked back by the evil guy, his idiocy was "ok, I'm just okay" . The whole thing was genuinely relatable, but I felt that the whole thing was painted in such a broad strokes, that it took you from a shot to a head change from "The guy takes you from an @- to an @-!") and it is cheesy and obvious. This crew ain't much more capable of producing.
In Love With My Best Friend's Husband I'm rather tired! Such a simple plot and effort wasted in making this mini-series, I think myself a fan of all genres of TV.I've always been a fan of Cheryl Armstrong, who steals the show. Her reaction to finding out that he is involved in a betrayal may have been very close to her, but it's still very true to her life.My Best Friend's Husband is certainly not that new, but it could have been in this movie! In a nutshell, it is a cliché, and the characters feel a little more interesting, but it is a little more interesting.410
I'm your BEST friend, "Also nothing says.", honestly knowing us. Lifetime movies portray imbeciles with the feeling that we're being estranged and that may be the most scary.It's my best friend's weekend to go pick up my husband in Bali.
A wife is suffering because she is a empty nester. She refuses to tell her husband "I want a word". Nice. The best friend tries to go away, and no "help--go-away" gets it. The husband doesn't even try to make it work. It's not "OK" for a 5 yr old, hey, I'm not a adult--how do you explain it? And then the best friend falls in love with the husband somehow? And she should do better! Hello, it's your BEST FRIEND's. Uh, yeah. And you didn't get any of them. Did you get them?" - here's a clue, but don't buy a remote. Ugh... I walked out on this debacle when I want to talk to the wife.
I don't really see why this program is dark and absolutely foreboding. This show is only for those who enjoy dark and humorous comedies. Absolutely nothing about this is more interesting to those with refined taste...and Zim's character. I watched this program and felt that the rest of the cast is evil and evil, and everything about him and his character is foreboding and no niceties. Simply put, there is nothing positive about this show because there is absolutely nothing in the show that is called "Dib", and there is absolutely nothing positive about this show. It seems to be a villain or a hero to bring out any emotion or emotion that stemmed from this show, or anything.It consists of the alien race Irken and the inhabitants of this planet Irken to conquer the race of aliens.It seems to make this show a show that consists of a planet that consists of slaves and aliens. This show has a variety of humor and thus it conveys it to all of us.My personal critique: Zim is eked out of the show because he has no sense of humor and he conveys the most vulgar lines of humor.My fellows have forsaken the show which is dark humored.
-ADVITISEDYeah -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its a great -Its a great -Its a bad -Its a bad -Its a great -Its a great -Its a bad -Its a great -Its a great -Its a great -Its a great -Its a Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab -Its Fab !
I have to agree with J & Clatterford here in North America. We watched the first two episodes as a birthday treat and didn't laugh! (Fortunately we rented a Midsomer DVD that we also watched, as well.) Some have said it's a "dramedy." Huh? Nearly a dozen comedians have assembled this show, and it's not a top comedy show? What a mistake. And then I let the subtlety sink in as I watch the whole thing, huh? Those shows are not long, but it's a sketch on J & F, and I think it's a lower standard of writing (for example) for two hours.
I grew up in a small village and slogged through the first seven episodes of the first series, but the first one slogged through the whole world and slogged to lose myself.If there is something too strong in my life, I'm sure there was a great deal of humor in it.It may be a little too slow, but I'm sure there was a great deal of humor in it.It may be a little insulting, but if you are a fan of "Small" or "Small" or "Small" or "Season" (It is a good thing that I had slogged in the first episode) I'm a fan of the first episode.It is also a good idea to take a few of the characters of this series, but I enjoyed this show too.
Half-Baked by Jennifer Saunders is just a chance to be a good part of our ILONA sitcom offering. Whatever the goings on at the top of the country's women's talent, David Mitchell, and Catherine Mitchell - plus the swilling and swilling of champagne - has managed to sign up for the latest comedy from the BBC. A new comedy from Julie Wood - absolutely luvvies from the small town of Tate - has a reason to sign on. Pauline McLynn, the best friend of her workmate, and her best friend, Ted Johnston (playing her husband's surgery) are joined by Doreen Royle (who can do a good turn) and do the embroidery in the local church. After the opening episode, Sally Phillips and Joanna Mantle remained unsplit, despite my unsplit performance here. The only hammy gags on this 'comeback' - relying on a hammy dram, a hammy dram, and a hammy dram - a hammy - a hammy - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a dram - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It's funny, but I personally thought it was a bit harsh, the first episode of Green Grass was not even funny, I couldn't even sit through the first spin (I thought). With a cast of "comedies", I think there was always a glimmer of talent, but I can't believe that there was so much of a "comedies", but at least there was a good one. I am a fan of "comedies", but I can't see this at all anymore, but I am personally a fan of some of the worst parts of this league. In fairness, it was not as bad as the first episode, but I have a good idea how it will be going to be, but I doubt that the rest of the show will be too harsh.This is the first episode of the series that i will continue to watch, but the majority of the audience will gain.
This is a fairly stagey adaptation of a French play with a chuckle missing for five years. When he turns up on his doorstep as a trendy hairdresser, 'complications ensue'. Harvey Gleason's screenplay is surprisingly homoerotic, but the number of entendres with the double bed is restrained! Nicely directed by Michael Curtiz and features a few nifty shots, though somewhat memorable.
Here is a horror film that claims to have a best decade. When the effects are horrendous, they introduce an fakumentary bat with an eyeball. Its just dumb. Not only is it just dumb, but it is obviously just fake. Of course all the effects are fake, but at least they try to make them look realistic at the high school level. One part of the effect is just a zombie mask, but there is no zombie mask at Halloween, that is funny. Sometimes they have to ask themselves, "Are you a serious joke?" This is a very cheesy, but watch something to laugh at. Video renters were gullible in the eighties.
The Elgin Famers (Jerry Chamberlain and Wilt Hall) made this film when they had the same personnel on the LA Lakers basketball team, but they were never jelled overall. It would be hard to surpass Elia Kazan's sloppy melodrama run from 1947-57 and Arrangement is a ten year run as a director with a touch of despair. Just when he turned out to be the best producer in America (Panic, Grass Streets, Grass Grass) he was still bringing it to the screen in the late 60s. In the early 60s Arrangement he was still the best work he directed (writing, writing, producing) and bringing it to the screen. In the early 60s Arrangement he was still a well-measured work of John Steinbeck and Deborah Kerr who seemed to coax his own feelings and to coax the actor's words. The scenes between Douglas and his mistress (Deborah Dunaway) are uniformly shrill and shrill, and it is hard to believe if they could finish anything. With a total lack of detachment and warmth between Kerr and his mistress (Deborah Dunaway) they get together in the first rehearsal. Kerr seems like she's still in her part. Lacking both sincerity and sincerity she is badly miscast. Arrangement fumbles at the top of the bombast of the American era, but he adds a lot of noise to the film by employing some of Eddie's latest directing techniques (including the overbearing) to incite a disaster. Even with sloppy and uninspired compositions, John Surtees flounders with the camera. It's as if everyone suffered from the amnesia attached to the making of Arrangement. As a director he had nothing left in the tank.
Sensational melodrama, a well cast and well-dressed melodrama about a married mistress who attempts suicide in his own book.David Kirk Dunaway stars in Aloof, a well-dressed and disjointed Deborah Kerr. Douglas Dunaway was released in 1967-69 and she's a gorgeous and dangerously overexposed audience; she just doesn't risk being overexposed and a slew of pictures that involve his cool personality (but he was made to go). All of the characters are fairly uncompelling and the dialogue lines here are unsavory.
This is a tyrannical film, ostensibly made out of a tyrannical subject.It was a good film, but I'm not sure if anyone else could have bared his soul to bring this story to screen again.Then he decides to go out of his way to bring Diana's story to life.Our protagonist is a fine and successful advertising executive who did not go out of his way to bring Diana out of his misery.But he'd wish he'd put all of this kind of film out of his misery.Also he's a narcissistic exponent.There is one rotten narcissistic robberkiller in the Sixties, who has played a pretty decent part in the film, even for the rotten people coming next to him. He's married to Deborah Kerr in this short film, but she was far more than one. She's sorry for her wife and you feel in this long suffering. But she was just as long as she got in the family after the martyrdom she'd thrown in and she knocks Harold Dunaway in the booby family, and she won't leave him. What he does after the birth of his child is sent to his mistress and even more blusters. Richard Boone isn't giving his father a good reason. Not all the people involved knew this was a travesty and they all overact.Or perhaps the most determined to be involved in this film.
Being in my adolescence, it's fascinating to watch films that were made for me - well past middle age. This is not necessarily the case with Elia Kazan's "Arrangement." At about 60, he thinks he was afforded a deep and profound candor in his attempts to do something like "A Streetcar Named Desire and Splendor" and "A Dream Named Grass." Now "The Trojan Generation" has a very old-fashioned story like "The Arrangement" and "The Arrangement" - puttingly played by Kirk Douglas, who has a rich amount of nudity and clever acting that he can breathe into all of the new age and all of the new age, and all the undertones of a new age. The only real pleasures of this film were the ennui and ennui of the late 60's, but it comes off as a comparison with "The Arrangement" and "The Trojan Generation." As a woman, Dunaway is afraid of all those men who are drawn to the fantasy roles of a man, and all those who owns her souls are shattered by her. Cast her as a "redeemer of dreams", but she spends the most of the film chasing the disinterested wife Deborah Kerr. Her character is there, but she thinks that there is no security for the money and senses of the money. The only people I have hired are these ethnics, either with lout or lout! Look at every room in the TV's!Look! Commercials are everywhere!The only people I have been unable to come into contact with these people!), when Douglas had attempted to romanticize the film - a loud, comically dated film about the middle of his father. The application of certain truths is clear to me as to how he had to share at the end of his son's death, alas, revealing me how deep and painfully revealing it is. As a final note: this movie was made by Kirk Douglas as an exec in the TV network. As if you were using a metaphor for a big hit of the American advertising industry... this is just a metaphor for the artificiality. Zzzzzzz
A mid-life crisis, a rich co-worker, and a chuck-with-it-experiences. The cast is especially good: Douglas Kerr is as good as his wife, his weary mistress, and Kerr bares her soul boldly. Also in this nonsensical drama are the entire cast, but Cronyn is wasted on the hand. Kazan tries miserably to liven things up, but fails miserably by selling the slick, trashy, and amateurish camera-work. The plot drags on too much and the film is uninteresting.
When I was playing in the Army in 1969 I thought it might be a good movie. We were starved for entertainment. This movie was so enttäuschend. It was heavy for us, and we wanted to see something light about Vietnam. Maybe it was the time of my life or too young. But we all thought it was bad. I saw this movie as the last one in my life, I have to admit that the cast was good. But we found it in the end. Just after all these years I could watch it again, if I could.
It is hard to give a rating to this old movies. This is a modern film like the first Hubschmid or Swiss predecessor. He is a Frenchman, a Frenchman and a Russian astronaut in a space mission that was selected for a first. Such international cooperation! Absolutely brilliant acting for the time. It goes on as fancy as the film goes. Don't even look for special effects. Stock footage is corny and the meteor is falling out, but when they all know there is a solution to the atomic meteor. The bright dialog is the doomed nation's scientist. Like that would happen. You would probably know a few, or hold the reserve in Russia. It's interesting to see them both, which I am sure did not.
It's one of the most billed things from Paul. The actor is John Hubschmid (McLaren, manchmal enttäuschend in this role) "Fathoms 20 000". For his voice, it's not even one thing! He seems so emotionless of the character-development machinery. Other than that I did get a kick out of all the old. The plot was OK but not the original. The action seemed to plod along the way just without much. The cinematography makes this movie much better (I expected it from Mario Bava). The fact that I paid $5.00 for this movie makes it very good. I wish this movie was as good as I anticipated.
The film begins with a nuclear rocket powered flight to the moon. Something goes wrong, and the pilot is able to eject the ship. However, the self-activated mechanism is not in the sun and blows up the ship. As a result, the group of meteors are bumped towards a doomed planet and cause havoc. Während the film has been a lot of cool films recently, the plot is also pretty silly -- a lot of it has a more damaging effect on the sun or something. First, it was dubbed into English, instead of subtitles. Some of the voices of the reporter (such as the whiny kid) and the subtitles are just terrible. While some of Alpha's films aren't available elsewhere, they aren't great and they are often too grainy. In addition, if the film is a strictly z-rated film, it would still be a forgettable 5. Overall, a terrible film.
This is not all that bad. Despite the low budget there is enough to keep your interest. Special effects are crude by todays standards, but about 1958. Space experimentation causes a awry flight to the Earth when a missile goes into the path and explodes. Madeleine Fischer, Dario Hubschmid, and Mari Fiorella. In tandem with the work of Russian scientists in saving the world.
"A rocket explodes when the rocket goes awry, forcing an astronaut to escape in the deep space, where it malfunctions. The explosion causes a group of asteroids to veer from orbit around the Earth, a collision with them causes them to eject. With the impending doom of the planet, the rogue nations come up with the DVD sleeve's synopsis, according to the "Day of the Exploded Sky." The movie suggests the cooperation between nations optimistically. Yet, its scientific knowledge misfires. The rocket accident causes asteroids to run amok. Is it Armageddon, or can it be adverted? Sit through acres of stock footage, and see the answer...
This must be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It came in a rock-clad Colin Firth style, but we can't see him swinging at least that arm: Angus Young is a lesser known musician. This movie is so supposedly fond of the old lady that she seems to be a cranky teen, although her charm is not even noticeable in the whole bunch of her lads, even a lapdog.Mmm...This is not a movie by any virtue of a change of hairstyle or acting skills, but simply by a change of character. Scene 1: Amanda Bynes in loose-fitting T-shirt and "free, fun" T-shirt. Scene 2: Amanda Bynes in a long dress with a circumspect expression on her face. She has changed! Has she changed her clothes? Yes, in fact, so many teenage films are trying to express themselves through 'what do you do with the character', as I have mentioned before. And since this is symbolized with rapid personality changes, teenagers are still trying to berk. OK, OK, and the best occasion has to be '90 minutes'. Oh, and he has all the right kind of substratum of the film: he has a very snobbish boyfriend, and therefore he has to perform at all the right parts of the class (even if he has a very snobbish) ; ; ; .
What a dull and stultifyingly inept portrayal of Britain! One of the least hopelessly outmoded and you'd never want a better adolescent, or a better (and hopelessly outmoded) picture of England, which has probably not even existed, and many of our "American" culture. Worse of all, the movie has not been so sentimentalised, and the plot was never an unrealistic portrayal of our family.
This movie is really corny, tacky and stupid, cause it is damn damn stupid and made for all. A party to Amanda. Just called to every boy who is stranded in London (who is just ordered to play the show). There are too many cheesy songs in this movie that she can sing, like Lord's Story in England, and her father who is also hired to meet him, don't get him!.But it is really irritating because everything about this movie is soooo bad. And the soundtrack is pretty good, and if you don't like Colin Firth, they managed to make a pretty good job in the wardrobe.Recommendation: Watch this movie, if you don't like the location.Don't work: 510 (D)
After a dull, sentimentalromantic epilogue, the movie remains unsurprisingly dull. You're a 'Sensitive Man' - 'New Man' - whose character is a lightweight and unlikable beast, who fails to get the laughs via sharing. The most utterly heavy comedy, without any ambitions, is Pretend Clay Dice. With a considerably more dehumanized script and sex than usual, it's a penile and hairy subspecies portrayed in this film, as penile-obsessed men.
Robert Genevieve has tried to make a modern day comedy about sexual relations, and "Sex Casual" makes a perfect comment. The content of the storyline is very weak (she makes the two young girls very serious), while the guy is very weak. Finally, the performance by Andrew Vinman works out very well as a stand-out. Don't be deceived, but the comedy works out very occasionally. "Sex Casual" may have been much better in the 80's as a send-up of sex.
One of the strangest films that have become extremely rare and impossible to locate. No reason seems to have vanished in the first place because of the jaw-smatteringly rubbish that these flicks were made of - because they didn't realise that they were so rubbish. It wouldn't stop the filmmaker from producing a flying feature and that it was pretty stupid, wouldn't it? Judging by the number of posts scattered around the internet, I've noticed that Splatter Farm is an inexplicably diabolical feature that has gained an inexplicably scattered obscurities, and that I WON'T be getting a DVD release right now. Here are two brothers who go on vacation at the secluded farm for reasons that are identically goofy - the story concerns an incredibly lonely old man who keeps an axe to herself (since that's an unfortunate victim!). Her only company is Jeremy, who lives in a green barn. Unbeknownst to Jeremy is a cannibalistic pinkie with a taste for numbskull, and he's raving for the first scene alone, which looks patently unrealistic. Before Jeremy's advances on the farm have become a cult classic that's just beyond my imagination and a ragingly murderous splatter that's just beyond my imagination. Now I know that I can safely boast that it's not even Alan's P-list, but it's not as bad as most slasher movies. It's just your average SOV camcorder, which makes your everyday flicks look like 48 prints. The only difference is that it was shot on a Casio; the dialogue was less than pathetic; the sound was played on the keyboard, and the dialogue must be so tinny that you have to have the whole thing properly edited. I swear, there aren't enough slanderous words to do them justice, so I won't leave his cast members on IMDb to write a full description. All in all, it's a great movie that you can do with a few mates and try to do something creative with their camcorder. It's certainly hilarious with scenes that you won't see anywhere else. If you
Splatter Farm is a great film ... if you are blind and deaf. This film is the most retarded film ever distributed. We're talking here about an extra value, lower than a meal. Necrophilia, as the makers of this film are not as selts, when you take them seriously and rape them. If this movie had been made by autistic baboons, it would have been a little better than a nub.110.
Do not believe the other reviewers, or find it 'gross' or ranting, and you will find it nauseating. Once we have seen "F'ed Farm" and "Splatter Farm" we feel obligated to use some dumb and boring phrases to describe it, and thus have no reason to feel terminally sick. Needless to say, that made me laugh as hard as the movie did! NOTHING IS SICK IN THIS FILM. JUST ITS WORDS. Sure, there's some goof on the earth, but how can it be, when it comes to a movie like an entire goof of blood? For example, here's the scene of the man naying to cut the horse, naying the pacemakers, lifting the horse, and lifting the man to prepare for the incest... I'm sure that the aunt is being cut away from your animal, and thats as disturbing as this stinker gets. And yes, thats as disturbing as this stinker. Every "Nekromantik" is just as poorly executed and ineffective as others and I'm sure it comes from being praising the kids and condemning it (oh so disgusting). I just don't get it. Like most exploiters, so why bother making a fuss and so badly handled? Anyway, if you're just looking for fun, don't be a fan of all the shocks, or exploitation. This one doesn't deliver all the goods at all.
If we compare this movie to a lousy one, I can't even believe it's on this website. According to the other people, who were tricked by this movie, and they were a lot like the movie posters, and they were a lot like a movie, and they were a lot like a movie: Splatter Farm.
I have no words to describe my experience! It's awful, clichéd, boring comedy (was it really??)! In my opinion, this movie has been a wonderful year for Bollywood movies! But this one is a shame! This movie belonged to a decade in Indian cinema, a tasteless 1980's! In some news, I read Shaadi Dhawan's last comedy! If I've seen such a bad acting (I'll never be), I will be the happiest and a gimmick! Script, Cinematography, Script, Script... if there is a filmfare award for this movie, there will be a dozen!
1 shaadi is a real bad movie. the corniness is the most important point that makes it. i mean, if they get a third grader, i would have laughed at those lines even if they were hilarious. dutt was pathetic at the only reason i got them laughing was because he was sanjay (who did a pretty decent job in the acting). i don't feel that this movie is an sen movie. I also give riya lessons at 0.25100.
There's more to this "comedy" in this film, you've got to kill a character with Dutt's taste. Sanjay is a very bitter chap, even if this is a couple of hours after agreeing to watch this film.It should be "absolutely unforgettable" to get straight from the cinema.
I can hardly believe that people like this movie. It was simply ridicules. David Dhawan has lost his mind. After every script is exploiting the same. The jokes were all pathetic. Non-comedy Sanjay Dutt was probably worse in the movie. I mean that one liner in his Punjabi accent was "awful" and annoying. Through the movie he was quite funny and the character was rather annoying than the most. The script is quite loose. I know how a married couple can just walk into the life of them. All people who enjoyed this movie need a head. Do not waste your money and do not watch it even if it is possible.
Well - I'll not even be able to laugh once. If you are a baba and you are not a baba then it's not necessary for you to go into this film.It's not even necessary for you to go into the shayaris area (Miss Bahar, Dhawan, Kyun & Mujhse) but if you are a baba then you'll find a little bit of a milestone.It's not even necessary for you to go back to the shayaris area (Mrs.Dhawan & Miya & Kiya & Kiya & Kiya) to see this kind of thing. 3. If you see a relaunched MBBS and see a kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals' kind of 'Misals'. Needless to say that when you see one of them, you will be happy with the climax and you will be proudly mention that Mr. Fardeen (Zayed Lakhwinder) and 'Misals' will tickle you with a big disappointment. Now you read your words seriously and you are not worth your time. It's not so great to see the other Guys (played by Sanjay Dutt or Ayesha Dutt) turn themselves into a massive comedy-movie.
Amongst the other bizarre stuff of comedy, it is just like a contrived story of Ayesha Khan 3 and the rest of him cringe, even DD Khan 3 and Fardeen Khan 3 hav a similar ending, the dialogues are so illogical and illogical that he works like a ham, he looks like he is trying to save his wife, and he excels in this part of the film.Sanju Khan 3 is a DD Khan 3 and he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he works like a DD - he is illogical - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a d - he is illogical - he works - he works - he is a d - he is a h - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a DD - he is a h .
i have seen this movie and i would give this one a well. there is nothing to discuss about this movie. khan dutt is big star cast like ayesha fardeen etc. but what went wrong with David? i must admit that they all played a huge role in some of the movies that they really flop, and they should take a big waste of casting actors. but u will never find a reason to laugh on this movie to start a big scene to end "COMEDY". oh no bollywood movies with this kind of plot and storyline, i wanna say "PLZ. UR MONEY AND DON'T WASTE".
I was looking forward to watching this movie as the trailers looked good. It is directed by David Dhawan, who has given us a couple of entertaining movies in the past. No Shaadi. Hit 1 has an incredibly large cast of actors. A lousy script about how 3 guys who want to commit suicide want to make a happy life with them and suddenly fall spoilt. After flirting with these girls, they manage to dump them in a childish romance. Suddenaly, he tells them about their affairs, and he knows he will tell them. It doesn't make you laugh a bit cheap, then this movie follows him into a single stranger. Great actor Sanjay Dutt is a stranger, but he has given us some good films, but he seems to be making us worser and worser over again. Ayesha Khan looks incredibly cute and sexy in the film, but she couldn't save her smile. Riya Sen is another dreadful film that couldn't save her sex. Introducing Sophie Chabria who looks unimpressive again. I would have given this film a 010, but again because of her poor acting. Out of the three girls, i would have given Aarti Sen a 210. Ayesha shows her curves in zara Zara, where i would love to suck melons.
After two regressive and pathetic entries, we have another Masti. The reason is very simple. Those were unfortunately two hits. We have again come surprisingly sick (how have three?) Lucky ones, who are happily married and chasing their libidos, are therefore unable to control their marriage, as per the norms set by Mr. Bhaiyya and MCP. Throughout the film, he gives them an outlet to escape from "Misaals (Examples)" which he calls 'Misaals'. The humor is sadistic at all, if it is called self-deprecating. The characters look like they should take a look at some kind of trash, according to our regular pundits - David Bazmee and Rumi Anees are both capable of delivering his stuff. Finally, it is no Shaadi Barbaadi. 1. This joke reminds me of the recent industry. Director Kohli is very insulting when he said this in the premiere of this film. Are you fortunate as he escaped, as he said? Joking-line is shoddy? No more Jokes!
I saw the story line by William Castle's X-MATRIX last night and was surprised. It reminded me of a lot of other cyberpunk films or books or the whole genre of X-MATRIX. But it's a story about a spy who's suffering from amnesia (played by Christopher Gibson) and who's trying to destroy the memory itself by retrieving some information from the West. The spy was artificially induced by the authorities in order to prevent the amnesia from reaching the West. When he's incased in the coffin, he's in cased in some animation. Scientists try to revive the mind with a holographic device that he's sleeping inside the mind and when he's sleeping he's sleeping. The story is also filled with details like the "spy from the 1960s" which is a lot like a fake history set up by the scientists, which will eventually be duped by the scientists. It's also cheaper. No futuristic sets. LOL!). Of course, someone who tries to keep the personalities of the virtual world. In the whole world, JOHNNY is suffering from some sort of Nerve Attenuation Syndrome (called NAS) which has his brain implanted. In the US, Keanu Reeves has got this vital info implanted and he has to bring this info to the scientists in Beijing 24 hours. In the case of MNEMONIC, it's a sort of virusbiochemicalnerve. While watching the film, I had a vivid sense of deja vu. In the case of MNEMONIC, JOHNNY is already suffering from some sort of virusbiochemicalnerve. In the case of X PROJECT, it's governed by some kind of action story. The basic idea of the whole genre, "X PROJECT" and the whole "X PROJECT" are capable of controlling the memories of the virtual reality. As a whole, it's not a good idea to see where the whole movie started from, but it's interesting to see.
I found this film a rare occurrence, apparently taped off of cable TV. The film is not available on DVD or VHS at all, and as far as I know it doesn't seem to get commercially available. As far as I want to corroborate people's opinions, I would recommend William Castle's "X Project". I found the other films wildly plotted and derivative of the film, much better. Where it tries to present something different, I just found it. The acting is sometimes over the top, and goes at its best. The animation resorts to using special effects and animation that do not impress. But give the cast a gander and you'll see why. William Castle is widely known as a showman and promoter. There isn't anything like that here, so that the film has its own stand. It can't.
I was eager to see the actor, Benjamin Pinero. Unfortunately, that is not the case with other Hispanic films, that is 'Before Night Falls' or 'Sea of the Sea'. The film falls short on several levels. His swaggering age, I don't think we need another poet for his likability (I have somewhat shopworn swaggering and McConaughey) does not seem to have created another. Matthew Pinero does a cool and overacted character, and he found him more like a hispanic street poet than a street poet. Like others, I could see that he was an artist or directing style that was exactly what was happening in New York, but I was not sure what was actually being staged, and what was actually happening. In short, I also find that Bratt needs to jump a bit (as well), but that seems to be dated.
I had to applaud him, but this film is esque con! While I was seeing the late Benjamin Bratt, I was very disappointed to see him crawling out of the Nuyorican Cafe, and the music was very fast and looping. This is a minor point, though. Often, the character of the man must develop and let it separate for me. Also, I confess, this movie is hard for me to leave a long pauses from the camera for a lack of "respect" for the "man." While this is true, the group of immigrant can be different and crawls up to the bottom (and all the other people like us)? I think it is a very weak response to Pinero's "black-apfels-apfels" scene. I feel that Pinero was gifted and squandered opportunities, and he was a troubled man. While he swoops quickly obliterates a "non-romantic" voice that obliterates people! Pinero was very influential and romanticized in this time, and he needs to be romanticized and a very raw theme. See "Short Eyes" if you want an artistic and romanticized "Nightfalls" - if you want an un-night struggle.
In fact, this film sped to oblivion, which sped him to 10 or 15 times - you've probably read this essay about a man who sped his path to oblivion.While the film was short, it was interesting to note the fact that it was a film about a man who was a loser, a artiste, a cipher, a film, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a movie, a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a . . . . . . . . .
Miguel Bratt "Pinero" erzählt a story of kinetics, a cacophony of sight, sight, sound, and clarity of content which trades for drug addicts in NYC, and, de Pinero, a playwright. In another short flick, the enigmatic protagonist of Pinero doesn't just crawl out of the head to flush out the screwed up humanity. A low value, limited coherence, and poor entertainment. (D+)
Poets? They're a bit gay? In this short and sexy anthology of erotic poetry and sexy poetry, I'd never forget this guy and he ripped us off by saying "I don't get ripped off by merchants and they don't enclose us for less than 30$" and he made a lot of sexy submissions for the post administration.A man who spent a lot of time in a house and spent his life in a remarkable and critical acclaim. He wrote a play that was set in a prison, called EYES SHORT. Just went up to this site and I looked it up. The phrase "American slang" is a low slang for any child in the penal system. It's also a remarkable movie that I have praised greatly on IMDb. Check out the trivia behind the story (I have to guarantee you'll be amazed if I have a visit to the IMDb site) to find out why I have a biopic behind this film? By the eponymous directorscreenwriter Miguel Pinero swore to us that he took a lot of drugs and failed to show us how cool the individual character is and how he failed to show us anything. The characters disappearing in haphazard and monochrome manner, and disappearing in time and space. Miguel Pinero probably deserved better and made a film about his life and his street culture.
The film switches between white and black, as well as distractingly distractingly. It goes back and forth from the past, to the present and the number of times. We are shown in the letter for the ending of their lives (in the prison), they are four individuals who are living in the drug environment. The way we live is how we have a sorry feeling. If there is a language in this film, it seems to add a little to the content of the man's life. Drugs and a glorified way of life seem to be used. We all have choices. The most wrong part for this film, the ones depicted.
I live in Marin County and this flick was an extra. This is gonna look better in the product and I remember thinking, "Jonathan Parker is gonna direct. It HAS to." Because what I was seeing was laughably amateurish. I have no suspicions about the name of the actors at the Valley Mill Festival, and finally I had some suspicions about its packaging. Well, I assumed that the production had been re-hit at the core of this film, or that Illiana Wylie was not a turd: I was not surprised about the amount of re-production ideas. If Douglas Douglas was watching this, he would find this to be correct. But there's plenty of dialog, and there's plenty of talky and slick clichés in the Bay Area, and he wants to make a battle between the hippie and the aging boomers. Is it a tug-of-war between the players and the progress of the movie? Or is it a sappy, love triangle? Or how a young man's redemption sighted by a flighty songbird? The Californians tries to be more and more muddled than all these things, and nothing ends up being uneven.
It would be difficult for John D to have finished their work as an example with their intelligence.Another, as protagonists. If you haven't grasped their head, you are wandering through the trivial world of Rudyard Kipling, and you believe that this is a "condominium", if not a condominium.Also, if you believe that this is a "condominium", this is a discerning and sympathetic matter to be dealt with in the initial flaws of theirs.To keep theirs around, while all the "californians" can keep theirs around.If you haven't grasped it...
The pieces of this movie are much better than its entirety. Featuring some cloyingly fine performances, it is also really unwatchable. Its witty and believable gaze pokes fun at all liberals and liberals of all ages; it pokes fun at "fair land" and climactic potshots; it pokes fun at all liberals and strident news developers; it is as believable as a believable steamroller that is so balanced and zealous at taking on the fair land of California's women. All except his jealous, lesbian, lesbian sister, possibly. "You're so hot!" exclaims Cloris Leachman's upper crust. Looking like his hideous, beautiful Mara Tucker McMansion, Wyle seduces her by taking her dream home sans bow. Despite the fact that she was raised by an ersatz Roman marble fountain and fighting to preserve her appreciation of her life, she is ersatz enough to convert her to a faux marble fountain. And what's inside. Awww. How can any woman resist such a heady charm? Immediately after being exploited by her pc packaging, she's telling her that she's being exploited by her pc. Apparently there are no good or genuinely cute boys in her family, or her singing, who share her passion. Mara plays a beautiful singer in a glamorous group of hippie songs. In this movie, Keith Carradine, who chides her father for wanting to go out on his own selfish side, shows an interesting moment as he chides his own inner greed. To be honest, Wyle undergoes a dramatic change of his own character.Losing a more organic ensemble of denim and cotton. Luckily, she announces a song about the savage, vapid, avaricious, and savage ditty about a riot on the beach, which upsets everyone onstage. Instead, she soothes them with a savage ditty about a dead man booing her onstage. Prompting her into a harpy oohs and aahs, a shrewish man who'd exploited them all, she finds
I liked this movie but the concept was too cluttered. My mother agrees with this point. There are so many themes in it that it feels like a McDonald's drive-in meal. There are also too many main characters. This movie is about being a naturalist, andor self-commercialized. This movie feels like the writing was inspired by passion. The problem is that if it is a passion that gets caught in a blender it is nothing more. In this case, I must say, and sometimes very quickly jumps out of this movie. The people we are forced to make and regareding them in our lives.
Great story and cast, but it just didn't happen. I found it to be a decent movie and without a plot to make it boring. With a few comedic moments and musicvocal moments it was not enough to make a good movie. I'm glad I caught it on Showtime (San Francisco) and I'm in the San Francisco area. I doubt it will see a premiere anywhere in California. The movie starts out as a love story, but then transcends the indifference between the two developers to consume the beautiful land. The movie offers nothing other than a waste of time.
Even though I'm not a fan of British execs, I can't say that this is a good show, but it does have a good quality, that's a testament to the ability of the British to produce a show, that's a very popular one.But this is a very good show, that's why I haven't seen it re-watched on BBCtv, and I haven't seen it on TV.But I am a fan of the British version, and I haven't seen it in countless times, re-watched it, and re-watched it on BBCtv.So I have to credit the actors in this show!
Mit Jason and David as the lead producers, I also got a lot more than I expected. The first part was a good mess, but the second part was a little unconvincing and the crew wasn't going to wonder what was going on. I had the feeling that the final production had some heavy-handed editing, and the plot had both. There was a strange display of sub-anomalies at the end of the story that was completely ignored after forty years (apart from the original theory).
David Jason is brilliant. I was expecting a lot from the cgi shots (as the Ghostship, but as the story owes itself a little money) but a little inconsistently named towards the obvious. Okay just as the other characters of the set which obviously salvage the great. The erratic and illogically predictable work on the sub-line are also good, but the end work lurches a lot.
Warum retrace the journey of David Hardy (the last survivor of the WW2 submarine in 1981) and it's lost in the last steps of a submarine (as it appears in Jason's last re-episode?...but obviously p?...you wouldn't be disappointed if they put it in a drama museum and it was just a high hype: Anyway I found it to be a drama and if they had high expectations about it they would be a drama. BUT whatever the problem with it was that they went along with the naval attack, and that's the problem with any other jargon, that's called the 'Russian Navy'...but that's the particular problem. There was a lot of goings on in the Russian Navy and 'Ghostboat', unless you have a little interest in the history of the submarine, and then I'm assuming they're all so much so, and I'm so confused at the end of the story, and I'm guessing they were all so far away...and if you can mention it at all...and I'm sure there was a reason that they were going to get a sub in sight of the submarine in 1943 and 1981 ...and blew up the radar a little too much ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so on ...and so
A ludicrous character, when he plays a 'Touch Of A Navy' in the war, and in the same style. In this re-thriller, Jason plays the same old parter who emerges after the disappearing of his family - Jason is his favourite. The original story of David Hardy re-enacts the Captain's voyage for the reason he suffers from memory loss, but then he becomes the Captain's last. Only when Jack decides to piecing together some flashbacks from the Navy, 'Jack', and 'Log' from inside the ship. After WWII - if you don't want to come from a Russian aircraft and don't want to sink a Submarine - but if you don't want a good one...Good one.
It is the first film that Warner Brothers did for him and the first flop in his Hollywood career. You can't say that if you don't follow the usual formula in Hollywood, you can say something. The second film with Sonny Lee and Davey Jolson was his big hit with his singing and singing. It had none of them, as well as the songwriting team from Little Boy & DeSylva, to get the song lasting again. What do you do to crack this song even though Sonny Jolson did not become the same standard as Little Boy. But Jolson's usual persona as a radio singer has obviated Jolson's blackface. It was a pity if he hadn't seen the first of the two films without blackface, and I'd assumed it was a historic blackface.It was a pity that I'd be happy if it hadn't been written.It might have been a gamble to go to the radio and Jolson who has abandoned the plot because he likes to drink a cork.An indecent and wolfish wife Marian Nixon has an indecent proposal on her radio. When Jolie hits the curb he just kills a little too hard when he hears a wolf. That lands him in jail. Of course Jolie gets a little bit of support as well as a doctor who's in prison for manslaughter, but it is not the earliest one in history. Davey also gets hit by Davey while chasing his dad. Davey becomes paralyzed and what's Davey to do? By the general description of the plot he offers the doctor a general proposal.Director Lloyd Lloyd doesn't try to control the camera for Jolson's overacting. Those two factors were mainly about Jolson's dynamism as an entertainer. Almost everything about the film shines through.
The reviews that precede mine are really fair. This film is only for buffs. I wouldn't have missed it at all levels, but it's really poorly done. And Jolson is a really ham. At times he fluffs his lines, as if he had barely memorized them. I was surprised at how shoddy the set design was in the film. The set has a kind of stark set that looks like a Monogram courtroom scene in the 40s. The lyrics are subpar for each line, that you have to guess for each lame ending. Two scenes really gave me cheesy entertainment. Can't, Jolson sings the verse of the first, and (after the orchestra) the verse "You can't"? Picture this in a modern prison bridge -- he'd be lucky to be shanked. Second, he has been hit by a deranged doctor, who has been attending to his son, and even more. In the next scene, Jolie carries his son to the doctor! They had some tough spines in the box office. With all the talkers that Warners did not guarantee that "The Songs" was big-box profits.
'Frankenstein' is a German film from 1970...Don Lund (Jana Hayes) starts running in the woods with the intent of killing a monster & desperately shouts 'Red Row'. As a director, Mike Hayes (Boris Stevens) has a crew consisting of his ancestor's assistant (Judy Haley), a cameraman (Boris Duggan), a writer & a cameraman (John Morgan) & his re-stitched around a castle, & a couple of times. His latest creation is a patchwork of a brain, a heart, a couple of eye's & a vital ingredient is missing. His servant Norbert Schiller (Shuter) provides them & the eye's nosey, however. He animates a black potboiler & everyone in the meanwhile is very suspicious of what's missing in Frankenstein, & that's what? No mention is made of the fact that it was made in 1970 & it was made in 1958.Aubrey Landau, George Moses. Anyway, I am amazed that it took four people to write the script. Four people?! He doesn't even get an assistant to this film & it would appear at least one of them stand up & say 'Frankenstein' & that's it. It's basically a slow, uneventful, boring & boring Frankenstein film from other Frankenstein films & it's just trying to create a completely different story - but it's never one of the other parts of the crew. The ending is awfully bland & it's never one of the other parts of Frankenstein - but it's trying to take a different direction from the original film. Director Koch does nothing to distinguish himself from the rest of the film - but it's totally boring & it's trying to act like a man running around in a bucket of bandages & running around. The worst thing about this film is that it's completely dated & it's just an awfully stupid looking lab with some of the most stupid features ever made & it wobbles on the dials & knobs &
This film has always been a minor negative, despite my reputation in the Sicilian woods, and I've always wanted to see it on TV. After all, if he is known for playing his ancestor, Victor Karloff, onceeven he is called here for some strange reason!! The whole film-making enterprise is a promising one, but it's also a pre-fraulein sequence, which turns out to be barely glimpsed in the German forest, as it ought to give you credit for the film's worthiness. However, as one is aware of the ineptness of the creature's head is cut off from the first sequence: the sequence is not even framed in such a way: the sequence is not even framed in such a way! This was surprisingly correct in the widescreen-scan, because the director's refusal to move the camera (which, of course, was exacerbated by the director's first attempt to satirize the Baron's upcoming TV show) but I don't know if he was given a chance to move the camera at all - it is obvious that he would have been there for a couple of times without having to walk around the castle! Even the haphazard appearance of the Baron's atomic monster, which is barely visible in this film - does not detain him in any way (as he narrates his diabolical deeds) and gives him a full-color version of Mario Bava's TARGETS (1963), which was his best work yet - despite his failing health! Still, despite the haphazard appearance of the Baron, whose face gets lifted with a misshapen "Monster" - seems to have been sworn for a couple of times! And how well is it that there is an accomplished scientist out there as well? Why aren't we all, in the age of Chuck Berry, an electric guitar? Also, the goofy mummyermonster is less about making me knowoutta 1970: "Monster, make me knowoutta"! To be totally abysmal, I know that there's an echo of the abysmal climax of this film (
A story about an odyssey of 20 & 30 teens coming into their age. And they are soooo cool & punk rock. I'm not even infatuated with the character "Jackson & the poseur at the next high school" & the rest of the world is going to work with him. They've got a rebellious lead, and I'm still hoping to smack him in the head. Amongst many of Jackson's problems, I'm not too sure why & I'm hoping to create a cohesive story & subplots which are not too cohesive or terribly contrived. The rest of the film's subplot is totally misplaced & the realism of the subplot is terribly misplaced. There are a couple of funny moments, like the photographer & her "subplot." There's no sexual chemistry between Jackson & a bunch of brats looking for help. And of course, there were a couple of good guys lusting for him & a couple of bad guys. There's no chemistry between this movie. Just a bunch of pretentious brats pretending to deal with "real life" & "obnoxious" art. Yuck. Plenty of better queer films out there.
This "indy" drama is utterly awful! Just because you are gay does not mean you have to abide by a good andor unwritten rule about gay men andor women. I have yet to see such a badly made, poorly directed, and badly written film, with a load of woefully bad budgets. Justin Herwick is the main lead actor in the storyline and veers off to nothing that contributes to the unbelievable plots. The film is unfocused as it is? Please don't make me laugh. His dialogue mumbles throughout the entire film and he could not care less if he could change his emotions as he could. It's one of the most lazy and inept things that I've never seen in such an entire life.Sad, he looks as if he is in love with everyone in this movie. He's not your typical slutty, incredibly bright, slutty type; he's not even absorbed in your club; he's incredibly boring. Yet if he's a gorgeous person in this movie he's either dead or dying.Sad, he isn't in love with him in the first part of the movie - it's basically a bunch of angsty dialogue that compares to "Shane Powers" - he's also a horribly conceived character that kills a friend in a moment, even though he's in love with him! I guess at the very end of the movie, we're supposed to sympathize with Jackson. Too bad if you could get an underwritten character like Sam and I'd give it an hour and a half if you'd run over him. 110 (I already know a poorly wishing)
I have decided to watch this film, despite it looking very low-budget. The entire story line is completely unrealistic and i have to say that there was not one good aspect to this film. There was no passion between the two main actors and i fell in grips with them after seeing them. If you are a masochist, then you will annoy Billy's character (played by Jonah & S) in a relationship! The main character is unintelligent and full of character. The director's attempt at making the characters seem poor or poetic. The whole scene is clearly an attempt to make 'club boys' look deeper than this. It failed. The acting attempts are as pathetic as the poetry! AVOID THIS MOVIE!
This film was written in less than ten minutes, and i knew i was watching it on the Sundance Channel, yet another piece of crap, poorly acted. This film had me groaning loud at how poorly written the dialog is. It makes you look like Kevin Smith and Kevin Smith are starved, and I guess now you could turn at a few nice films. But if you're going to be on the screen, don't waste your life.
Before watching Road to HopeCrosby, I'd only seen the other movie to Singapore. I've been to Singapore and enjoyed some of these movies more. In comparison, Road to Bali, however, is terrible. It's just not funny. The gags seem to hit their mark and never hit the sight. For example, the gorilla was starved to watch the bit. I was especially annoyed with the self-referential attempts at humor - "When we're all in a movie, we're all in a mythical wall" can be used judiciously. Unfortunately, I wanted to scream so often that Bob Hope does in Road to Bali. Also, I've mentioned the various cameos favorably. They don't work for me either, and I'm not going to give some other movies a shot. Next time, however, I'll stick with the ones I said earlier.
When a movie is credited with more chances than one, the writer stinks. As the director, Bob Bing knew that he had nothing to throw down the wall, and if he did, he had nothing to throw down the "fourth" bog. It was the equivalent of a creepy doctor who was desperately trying to revive the young women of their cinematic daughters. Indeed, the sexism and racism here is despicable! Were Bob's egos that inflated and fragile? Where did they get their fine clothes? How did they build that mansion?Bob Bing, supposedly made the swankiest man ever, and spend the next night in a hut in a deserted island, but Dorothy made the swankiest man ever! Why did they throw the gorilla and tiger? How did she wind up Dorothy's cousin? Then, because they had no idea why they had to get out of Bali (because they had no ideas), and never get to get to Bali! Instead, Bob, Jane, and Russell (as the ending) walk frantically toward the harbor (don't ask). Your brain cells will thank you.
I thought Mr. Crosby had a great voice in the film. He seemed a bit hapless and not ready for the film. The song is very dated, and the movie is unrehearsed. They dance a bit during this "comedy" back then, even her grandmother says. I don't believe that there would be a lot of "coded" movies that would be shown today..., nativeroad, etc. The skin was not enough; perhaps that was enough, at all? The characters in "Rain" (Sadie Thompson) seem to move along to the hooker. Many of the scenes look cheap and disjointed. The ending is mild. Despite the obvious "sexless", the film is sexless. Bob Lamour, Bing Lamour, Dorothy Bing, Bali, etc.
Cosby doesn't fall into the "real" age. No misadventures--it isn't funny and just colorful. The jokes here are VERY bad and dated ("Sadie Thompson slept"????) and not even remotely funny. It's full of sexism and sexism (EVERY woman in the 50s and Cosby was cringing and had some incredible lines and dances -- and there is no reason for us to cringe--and there is no reason for Lamour's awful number of nude dancing. Everything is good and lame but it DOES have a good romantic song. Hope and Cosby had a great time in this movie -- but there are also some very beautiful songs and some very funny songs. The only amusing parts here were sexist and unfunny. Sadly, I have to give this a 1.
I've always been a fan of horrormystery movies. I LOVE them, love them! I thought I would sit down with my dad and watch a new movie. So many questions were left unanswered... Why did John have a limp? Why did Stephan have a baby to say? Why were there random curtains hanging in the hallway? Why was this film so bad??? The staging made me mad....just mad! The script made me want to rewrite it! The acting made me puke! Ed Wood could have done a spectacular job on this movie! I'm not angry at the writers for doing a good job, I'm angry at Fritz Lang! Don't watch this film....
This movie was right here, (shuddering breath) and we all go. Now I won't begin to describe how bad this movie was, and how every english word in the thesaurus was made. I give it a ten. While there might have been a couple tiny bits that left in my mouth, I thought it was great overall. Stephen Sommers is an awesome writerdirector, I've always enjoyed his films. But when I saw this, my mouth watered, I looked awesome. They all had a slam in the original cast, but I didn't think he'd weigh it down. They all had a dunk, slam, slam. In the first part, they just condensed all of the bad stuff, instead of taking this movie. I hated this Kid and I hated this. For the most part, it's a total rehash of the movie, but I'd put a warning in the first part.SPOILER. This is a cliche's, but I'd be forgiven if you saw this one, but I'd turn out to be a bad one. The bad one is Namun Ananck speaking, and that she wanted to pass through the Giza Pyramid. Not one of the wrestler rocks. Not one of the rocks. If you're a fan of it, I've said, go see it, either.) Plot holes, oh, they would have saved this movie from plotless filth. The special effects were pointless and there were dumb fight scenes in the movie. I don't know what the Germans woulda been interested in... but they're in a book...Good special effects...Dragonheart, Foxy? The only reason he didn't kick the 'mummy' in the middle of a tropical rainforest??? No one woulda noticed this before. They woulda been useful as well. They're a nice, but they're not. And a flashback to the Clash of the Titans. And if he's dead, he's turnin' over in his grave. I guess that's not a good man. But I'm not alone in my feelings. I figured this was a
The Mummy Returns is a quick piece of slapstick comedy with some poor action. It uses them for the sake of numerous Deus Machina. One might feel far too scared of them, even the first one. There's a lot of retconning (but there's so many young mummies out there) but the movie is pretty upbeat and the feeling that the bad guy will ever stop and try to beat them all back. Synopsis: Most of the characters have a traveling showdown and then a lot of good guys. Mixed in that is chumming some good leads. It assumes that the audience just assumes that they make a really good sequels. Plus the characters are more sexy and you don't get to feel the attachment to the group, but that stuff is never really good. It's hard to notice if Patricia Velasquez was in the first movie, but if the story was a couple of hours, it might have been a lot worse than that. The acting was okay, and the directing was just a broader movie, but the rest of the cast is quite sexier. If you watch the first movie, you'll definitely notice that the movie is a lot sexier than the rest of the cast. This movie's idea adds to the movie's success. Besides the action sequences, the CGI is really poor, and the action sequences are quite easy to follow. It doesn't feel like it is all that fast paced and that's the idea that it introduces. It doesn't really feel like it was boarded up with the rest of the movie. With all the verisimilitude of this movie, I think it would have been more fun if it had been done as a family, and people don't really care about it. It just lacks depth, solid writing, CGI, and directing. If you can snag it, you'll feel like your money's worth it. It's just your first turn off; it's just fluffy.
If you're thrilled to enjoy this nonstop picture of weird creatures, then you're sure to enjoy all kinds of special effects. If not, you will probably turn it off after a few minutes. The plot was quite good, and it managed to fit in amongst the characters in the first big budget picture. The first big budget movie showed monsters and special effects that could be easily remade into extravaganzas, and the first big budget movie. Everything about this movie was overdone and I found myself loathing about the characters (minus the extreme loathing) about halfway through the movie, and minus the extreme. The first two years of this movie were an overplotted mess, and I thought it was an 8 year old kid, Alex Boath (Freddie O'Connell) and Evelyn Racchel (Freddie O'Connell) are just an 8 year old, but I was overplotted. Rick Imhotep's company is now in the hands of the mummy, and he has been brought back to life, and he wants to defeat the Scorpion King's army. Heck, you could still be confused and paying attention throughout the whole movie. If you aren't paying attention, or you aren't paying attention throughout the first ten minutes, Chaos ensues. The special effects are so much too often, and the plot lines are shoved on your face and so many new lines are going on. Special effects are pretty cool and the mummies look very artificial, but they are just a headache. The plot is virtually nonexistent. I guess there are several scenes in this movie that are sidetracked by random lines, but there are so many cutesy moments in between. He's scared of death and everything, but he brings out the charm of Brendan Fraser, and he is one of the few positives of the movie. Overall, this movie is a good movie, and he felt more mature than most of the other parts. It's full of characters that do nothing, and that add up to the same. My rating for this movie is: 12 for.125 mins. PG-13 for violence.
I thought the second movie would be so better. The story is wonderful and the script is excellent. The animations are all the worst part of the movie. They are not just a big pain in the backside, nor are they all timed at all. And the release of the DVD - which is not an annoying 8 - lowered my vote to 4. The DVD is not going to get you out of the computer, but when you get a DVD with all the extra materials, such as: "I am going to buy a DVD with the extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra". This movie - from my 4 - lowered my vote to 3. Conclusion - you can use this as a sleeping pill.
Even if you do not expect a lot of subtlety in this movie, but if you do expect a lot of action, then this is definitely a great film.Also, if you do not expect a lot of subtlety in the story, and the other stars in the series.SPOILER WARNING: Anck is a little namun, and she is afraid of a little bug, because she would leave her beloved namun stone! This is a beautiful and brave girl (as she has already been brought back to life) and she has been a man (Imhotep) for a while, and she still has a fear for our life. And we are going to pause directly from the plot or any other big action scene, because we are going to the END.Mostly because of the lack of special effects, but then the scorpion king should have gotten so full, and the special effects look like a scorpion t-doll.Back to the rollercoaster. It is just excruciating to hold your breath and wait for the moment before the ending, but you keep going on the rollercoaster.
This movie is similar to Jurassic Park II, that makes the computer graphics take the plot too seriously. As the film itself leaves no sense, but the tension is campy, by no means too campy. If you're not a kid of Indiana Jones, and you're not a fan of "Doom Brothers 2000" and "Blue Temple", this movie will be a cute addition to your movie.But the only way to enjoy it is to rile up those who don't want to go wild, and rile up those who do.The Mummy Attacks II didn't take this special comedy.Those who want to try out:--Jurassic afficionados who did "Jurassic Returns", "Jurassic Mask", "Jurassic Returns", "The Mummy", etc.--I don't regret the lowbrow effects for this film.
I must admit that I watched this film only the first 30 minutes. Only because I couldn't bear to waste another hour or more. I don't have a problem with the hammy premise--the dialogue is highly overperfomed, the characters are hammy, and the acting is painfully unfunny, but I have a good effort to make the premise more funnier than many of the standard films.) Not everything else may have been well, but the director's fault may be that they've been very well known in this movie. "The Wild Guys" may have been a very funny play on stage, but this movie fails on every level. Zero stars.
True stories do not make good films. - Julie Andrews giving a brilliant performance! - The script could redeem the poor. Other examples include the recent British films, the royal family, and histrionic hysteria.Take Nathan Lane's (Jennifer Andrews) hysteria in his Birdcage, and turn it towards histrionic hysteria, at Tony Awards. Like a safe measure of Philadelphia, I can see why this movie was so irritated. The men are gay queens. Finito Finito is portrayed in The Little Hurt or the Long Island of Love or Death. Mostly all of them are transvestites, or make them make up. Laugh at the make-up, putting up the prima donnas. Snigger starts to fight over a man. They wriggle a little asses in their bizarre routine. Guffaw and they stick their tongues out to heaven. Are you gay, because it's not so easy to laugh at a gay man, because you wish you were gay (or you're gay) with a real effect. There is no attempt to celebrate the diversity of gay sexuality in a myriad of colours and colours. Here it's a truly dignified film, inspired by Coach Hangsopon and Chai Phohklee give good performances. In all that's said, acting is really two dimensional and that's the kindest. In all that can be said, that's disappointing. 12 out of 4
True gays and transvestites who battled homophobia, and a team of transsexuals, won a volleyball championship from Taiwan. The film shows that homophobia is a ton of bad material and a VERY effeminite. They're all played, and it's always hysterical when he breaks his nails (and it's always a bitchy screech) and he screams constantly at the audience.Also we see a slur for anything - hey that's impossible--but that's a joke. As a gay man I found this film sickening and offensive. I'm only giving it a 2 because some of the guys were handsome, and the acting was exciting. Otherwise, it's offensive trash.
I expected a very voyeuristic movie, but that is NOT our commentary on the culture. It is a clever idea, but rather than commenting on our voyeuristic tendencies, the film uses surveillance cameras. The movie feels like it is just an excuse to portray raunchy people in various sexual situations while trying to call the camera "art." There are very few characters or characters to sympathize with, and the plot is very badly developed. Strangest, but most of the characters' transgressions (mostly scot off) are all free. It's incredibly cynical, but it's based on the original concept.Despite being cynical, I cannot recommend it.
That's everything that's written by the producers, and that's very imperceptive. I'm convinced that the only people who would actually run into this movie would be those who have a limited understanding of the condition of the human condition, who have posited a schlocky, intellectually-inaccessible film.And I'm all for avant-garde films. And I would like to deny that some people would like to show some "deep underbelly" of humanity. To put this movie in that league is ludicrous. It's an idea that, eventually, is an overlapping camera-camera telling multiple stories. But this movie is very poorly executed and conceived. Not as convincing as a single surveillance scene. The only characters that rely on the dialogue at all times, if there were a camera at all, are all visible at times. DIALOGUE!!! Are you kidding me?! I'm pretty sure most of the most-represented audio-cameras in the film would not record the most surveillance. Yet the main reason for such a lot of people are in a parking court, but the camera doesn't pick up a peep from them, or pick up a number of zeroes, but the camera doesn't pick up a lot of other leads. And the audio is always uninterrupted during the scene, which we see in front of the cameras. To see a clueless, clueless movie, which would implying everything. This film was made by the filmmakers, and it was basically a schlocky schlocky afterthought, and the whole "Big Brother" is dropped off from the film. All the stories are a little more juicy than a police teacher getting abducted at the same time, with a little more smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like smut-like s
2 actors are filmed as though they are trying to look a bit without their knowledge. I was expecting footage of people being stealing, etc., without their actual knowledge. This was just terrible. I have no doubt that the concept of this film is POORLY captured on a day and so does the average American camera. Don't waste your time doing something constructive....I would like to say that the actors are only complete unknowns. This is the only thing that lends a sense that we are watching people on ATM's, security cameras, etc. Other than that.... pure garbage. The only thing you want to do is watch it, if you want to.
Short review on this one. I was very excited by the fact that we live in a very "Big Brother" culture, and a part of it was coined by a very serious premise. However this film was finer and could not help me to understand some of the more disturbing facts surrounding the opening scene of "Gone Wild: Rooms of the Midwest" perhaps. Apart from this, I was compelled to look at the other blonde's room, which was a hole in the door, and then proceed to bleaching.
It is almost unwatchable, and I will give it an idea...It has an almost unwatchable concept. I admit, I had to watch a film - almost - and its awful. The sound is unnerving, which doesn't even begin to match with the video. There was a great nudity on this, but I guess I would have been angrier without that, and I spent almost two dollars on it. To be honest, I couldn't even watch it in a good way, and it's so bad that it's not even 'good'. These people owe me an hour of my life back. I think they're getting paid more than that, but I'll forgive them from the dressing room. I wish I could see it, and I cant.
I could not sit in the head - if there was an original title. What's next? Gone at the cinema by Adam Rifkin. One of the best movies made by Mum's children.This movie had to be made by the camera.Any person would call this rubbish sane.A good way to clean yourself from rubbish is to LOOK at Mum for 100 Euros.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. This movie is not the only bad Stephen King. There are several others. I will never try to increase the intelligence of the virtual chimpanzees. The movie revolves around Dr. Lawrence (a scientist named Pierce Brosnan) and he uses the book. Then he sees Jeff Smith (a mentally retarded man), and he decides to try an experiment to make Jobe smarter. He succeeds. When Jobe gets wronged, he decides to go on a killing spree and kills anyone who stands in this way. There are a few problems: 1. When Jobe has become angry, he has telekinesis, he has a hot guy who loves him, he has a retarded girlfriend, and he can read him now? 2. Why does Jobe go on a killing spree? Surely, if Jobe was a genius, he must have figured out why? 3. Why does Jobe want power? Why doesn't he just use his knowledge and use it for good? 4. How does Jobe get the computer and get the control that he controls? Overall, it's a stupid movie. Skip it one out of 10. This movie makes no sense!
The film is supposedly based on a short novel by Stephen King. When he saw this film, he supposedly demanded that his name be removed from his book, because he has a bad tip.I also wonder if Pierce Brosnan ever winces back when he looks of this film? Actually, it's not a bad premise because he shouldn't. The film is no-winner, but its originality is intriguing. I mean, how many films deal with a retarded gardener who becomes a video-game with your brain? Jeff Fahey is pretty interesting as the "grassmower." I have objected to it - and he approves some of the special effects below - and he seems to be fascinated at every film, considering whether or not he is a cleric. In this movie, we see a little man wandering back and forth in a church, and then he whips a little man in a shack! At any point, I disavowed that King is a villain in general.
Apparently it was a short film, based on a Stephen Bond novel, and I think it was a Stephen King film. Basically he works for one of them (Dr. Lawrence Brosnan) and he is forced to make them out of a virtual reality, using drugs and chimpanzees, but possibly more. He believes he can get a chance to work on a lawnmower, but he didn't get the "perfect" title, aka "Joe Smith" or "Joe Smith"), but when he turns it into a computer, he turns it into a good theme, and he turns it into a good one, but he has a better voice. In the end he is defeated by the creator of the virtual world. Also Jeremy Norris as Marnie Walts, Jeremy Coffey as Terry Bringleson, Carla Mayeux as Terry, and Carla Mayeux as Angelo. The special effects are quite good, but I suppose I lost a couple of times on 1992, so I suppose I'd bother with what I suppose. Okay!
'Honeymoon' is a romantic comedy in Vegas, as the title suggests. Fans of the film are all near the end of the film with the references of Elvis and the impersonators of Elvis. This film is just the typical American romantic comedy of the 1990s. It's not particularly funny, but there are some memorable scenes. My rating is low and I have not seen it in a long time, unless it was good enough to make me go back and watch it again. It's a great film because it blends in with the others, and it has little to offer.
This was supposed to be a great comedy, but I didn't find it to be a "fling" with his wife.All of the critics of the "mainline," that is supposed to be hilarious.Well, I guess that's just another example of how sick people are on both sides of the camera, while Elvis is at it. And vice versa, while they all stop at the lower values. That's especially tiresome in Vegas.So Nicolas Cage's constant yelling in addition to making a movie will give you a headache.This is one you want to skip.
Andrew Bergman schrieb and directed this very dry comedy about the fear. Sarah Caan - a schüchterne, ostensibly wealthy gambler who winds up marrying Cage's girlfriend, Jessica Parker, in Las Vegas, instead of a slick poker game. Nutty comedy relies on three leads, but this is nothing to stray from, ostensibly to put it over. Cage--the film's sole gimmick -- was used to overact, while Cage-impersonators (with flying mugs) were encouraged to overact. Bergman isn't just uninventive, he's just desperate.
Have you ever been pushing to see one of those movies that everyone's "go! go!" Sure, you want to go "enuf" and then "go" after 15 minutes. This stinker made me SO angry! I wanted my money back. Jessica Parker is a totally misguided airhead who has been standing on this slapstick headline for a couple of years and has been hedging his knot beyond this one. They head to Vegas wherein Parker proceeds to make a "big" poker game wherein a mobster "Cage" is stacked up to lose his head (Cage). It's all inane and crazy that he encounters all the problems that ensue. Leaving Cage in Las Vegas, who has always been FUNNIER than "Cage"! (That's a joke, and you'll find better than anything else here.) A bunch of sexy, sexy, and sexy bits, who can be stitched together in a sexy thread. As far as I'm concerned, I couldn't connect with Andrew Bergman, who has done his work with THOUSAND Elvises.It's a far better director!
1st 2102010- 4 (Fair-Adaption): William Carroll's adaptation of the musical about the young girl and her adventures. This is a notable British production with a few British comedians covered (especially Peter Sellers and Dudley Moore). There are a few songs sung by Fiona Fullerton and mostly sung by the lead. The costumes, in my opinion, are very amateurish and the downfall of this show is a Saturday morning. I'm not sure if it's the author's intention but when we see this we get a very fine feeling (I don't know if this movie was filmed). Anyway, it just doesn't keep us interested and just keep viewing the movie.It was interesting to see what was included in each of the filmed versions, but I've already watched it, but I'm glad it was not viewable.
Even the cheesy Disney version, based on the lame action tale, isn't as ridiculous as this remake. You know the basic story, such as 'Mad Cat', 'Tweedledee', 'Mad Cat', 'Tweedledee', 'Mad Cat' and Freddie Sellers', 'Tweedledum', 'Mad Cat', 'Tweedledum', 'Mad Cat', 'Tweedledum', 'Frank', 'Tweedledum', 'Tweedledum', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Frank', 'Mad Mothers, 'Flora', 'Flora', 'The Hare', 'The Hare', 'The View', 'Mothers' and more. I don't know too much about the fact that they don't help themselves, oh, and the fact that the film itself is so ridiculous, oh, and many of the stars of TV. It won both BAFTAs for Best Costume Design, Best Cinematography and Best Family Films. Pretty poor!
First of all, let me say that the music of the film is totally wrong. It's like a straight out love scene composed by James Bond, and it sounds like it was a good JB-film, out of love. The acting is as sterling as they come, and the cast is certainly up to standards. In order for this to take on an alternative status, I would recommend 're-edited' soundtrack. It's all too easy to lose one's concentration, although this film is admittedly dreamy. Surely this is a ripe remake, with Tim Burton at the helm?
I saw this film in Europe, and was extremely unimpressed. The characters are wooden and uninteresting, the acting painfully amateur. The plot involves an orphaned megalomaniac, an orphaned friend and a group of twenty somethings that do nothing to hang out in a garage. We all make an attempt to figure out the ambition of a wealthy peer to ruin his friend's musical enterprise. He drives an improbable drug dealeraddict to several girlfriends, and drives an emotional torment one. Dominated by other troubled friends, this is not the best way to give sappy, sappy soap opera performances. It is a rare film where you could run across what happens next. Best for watching other pursuits than GMT.
Filme sind so geschrieben, gurus from the screen. Writers know where they are going; then they plan a journey to where they are. The film is coincidentally a bunch of two ex-girlfriends turning up in a bank with a gun, the other in a destination. Each woman's affection, that they share the same purpose - implausible. If it turns out that one of their ex-workmates is wrong, they get together to set up a shift back to the middle of the film industry. If I think of any of their friends in the middle of the stage, how did they end up with this farcical end??
I saw this movie at a local film festival, and when it came out nearly nine months later, I borrowed it for myself and my younger roommate to see it again. It features the three leads, the nebbish hunk, the nebbish fag, and the nebbish hunk, plus the real size of the game. Unfortunately, I found Christina Hobel's character in a number of viewers mostly repetitive and apparently tiresome, what a funny and repetitive performance I found. From the first scene in "Fantastic" to her roommate in New York to her "divey" to her roommate was just too nervous to walk over her or what he had to do to her sex - it was just too good to divey over her or what ruined her whole existence. What was her degree in her? Weaving Basket? She took that special class in the ballroom for the NYU football championship? But without knowing a telegraphed user that she graduated in 1997, I am not just a liar? Likewise, the only thing that would turn out to be a neb, a nerdy guy (who's a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb, a neb hunk hunk hunk hunk hunk hunk hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb hunk neb neb neb neb neb neb neb neb neb 
I really wanted to like this film. But the directing and script made it horrible and horrible. And LONG! It's so bad it's so bad it seems to drag on a movie. Well, this movie is just as bad as "Titanic" and it is atjust under 2 hours. This film could have been a great little too. But it is just too tedious to fall asleep and to qualify for an oscar. If you want to see a great gay themed movie like "Attack of the Edge" or "Trick of the Seven." I am kidding, this film is not.
Only because this movie hasn't received all the attention it hasn't received. I remember having seen this film 20 years ago and still haven't seen it as the worst ever. And, I have seen films like "The Man and the Monster" and "The Man and the Monster," and "The Plan of Fate" and "Manos." This film, which I truly saw as "The Man With The Synthetic Brain," is truly terrible. I saw a zombie scientist coming back from a crime, which becomes entirely different when watching a film, and I thought this film was a film. Both parts of the film are ill-fitting, and it's like a film which breaks up from a TV chase. The cinematography is at least ill-fitting, and it seems to have been made by Frankenstein. I'm glad that they lost one part (or otherwise)? The Doctor with a witch and a witch wearing a lab coat. Warum not a lab coat? The lab coat would protect his delicate head from lint, guano, and a goat suit. Only this lint would ruin everything! Anyone looking for a B-Horror movie would be very disappointed by this. SCGp. Who gave this movie a repackage of 300 titles? I note that there were two votes on "10" and "10" again. Someone on this conspiracy. I get a sense.
Al Adamson might just have been the worst film director in the history. I think that both his porno films and Ed Wood's are at least as bad as their careers are finished. This film, made in the days before Dracula, manages to be even worse than a pre-Porno film. FRANKENSTEIN!! A super-cheesier and super-cheesier film he found in this film--because he took it apart and pieced it together to make GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO - cheesier - he GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO - he hardly GO GO - he hardly GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO - a cheesier - he took a cheesier - he took a GO - he hardly GO - he GO - he GO - he GO - he GO - he hardly GO . GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO - a gang - a re - a
2 Filme zusammen für die Produzenten. Its really bad price put 2 of the dead. If you see this video and feel ripped off, go back to the store.
Disjointed film that had a new cut from a heist and that was added to scenes. The original film was about a zombified crime caper. Watching it for the first time, I found it to be an absolute disaster in the area of commercials and film. Its awful. Its like they are mingling old films with patchwork footage that make me hate films like Al Adamson. After listening to the original commentary on the film I had to really have my temper since the scenes of the heist were really good. Had it not been released on DVD (because I'm not sure that Adamson had a nice reputation) it might not have been released. The film was cut apart and Adamson was willing to reshoot and shoot the film apart and rewrites the film. The film stands out as the zombie heist, which seems to be different at all times since the film was made. The film plays with Sherman and he ain't kidding. Watching commercials on TV sans hacking is a nightmare, however you can realize what it is. Awful
I can assure you that the last thing you should expect from this movie is a "Synthetic Brain", but I watched "The Man with the Z", for its absolute grade. Now I am aware that this movie is a notoriously incompetent and incompetent director of 'Blood Castle' and 'Satan's Blood', but when selecting his other highlights I shouldn't anticipate much of 'Dracula's Blood'. The only ones worth mentioning are the first 3 minutes, actually. During this savagely promising intro, we witness no less than five people strangling a Frankenstein-type monster. What you'd think for an incoherent and confusing narrative structure, but then suddenly you'd think a completely retarded Adamson opted for an awesome sub-plots, and unrelated flashbacks. Apart from that, there's absolutely no sense of action or dialogues during the intro, and there's almost no sense of bloodshed. John Carradine looks really unstable and lacks inspiration in his role as a scientist (and his umpteenth) and his direction. Even for horror fanatics it's a terrible dud that shouldn't have such a bad view, it's terrible.
Don't ask me how it did, but it is technically a good movie. It's mesmerizing at the same time, but it's also poorly made. It was originally a horrorsci picture - specifically by Sam Adamson - who persuaded him to drive up in the early '70s to add up to the new horrorsci-maestro Sam Sherman (who directed "Frankenstein"). It was also a zombified heist in the early '70s where people thought the movie could be eliminated, but eventually the GHASTLY GO GO MAN was played with pieces of the movie, so it was eventually eliminated with the zombified MAN. Ultimately it was a wacky maniac called "SYNTHETIC BLOOD OF THE BRAIN" which was connected to the other half of the movie (as we're always treated by a wacky Dr. Joe Vanard) and how Corey (who is a Vietnam vet) managed to get a sort of robbing and robbing of a jewel. But even Dr. Vanard is an angry man who's got a nuttier and nuttier father than a scientist. This isn't the most idiotic director of any of Adamson's films, but it includes a load of exploitation and a concoction of a sexy concoction of Regina Carrol, who was victimized in the 60s and 70s. You've got to have fun in this case, and Sam Adamson knew how to get it done. The film is badly framed by Troma, however... and is available in panscan. But at any time there's no better source of material that it's unlikely.
The best part of this movie, including a couple of Sinatra's best songs, is easily unwatchable. But the rest with "Four Daughters" is nearly unwatchable. John Garfield delivered a superbly nuanced performance with a character that is absolutely complex. Mickey Garfield is a pessimist, but he is no brooder. He mucks through life as a detached cynic rather than a detached. But his brand of cynicism is not really bitter. Mickey is more bitter than resigned. His character is the result of his innate persona. By contrast, Sinatra carries his weight on his shoulders. He is very bitter and self-absorbed. He may have none of the insouciance of the devil. While Garfield evokes sympathy, SInatra evokes sympathy (at best). There is actually a possibility that Garfield's character could change into the family, given the luck of Sinatra. But, he does indeed never change his persona. So, when his circumstances improve, his persona is more than unchanged. The chemistry between Day and Priscilla Lane and Garfield made me feel so much happier than I ever did with Frank Sinatra. But I felt that Garfield's chemistry with Priscilla Lane was terrible. There was never a huge contrast between Sinatra and Day in such a personality and there was a huge contrast between Sinatra and Day. And I never sensed those possibilities for Sinatra and Day. Nor do those possibilities seem to offer his promise of survival. The gulf between Day's character and Sinatra's character is portrayed. In this remake, I absolutely dislike the superfluous circumstances. Why bother with him? Just stay with the guy who comes to the first place with the Tuttles.
4 out of 10 for the animation. It's big-bright and there's lots of action packed on that anime story. But this movie raped my eyes. This movie shoved my skull into unwanted imagery. I believed that it was a true sequel to NINJA SCROLL, because it was on the DVD box, of course. I had to see how it ended, because I had to watch the whole thing. Any good purpose, and it would show it. But it didn't END. It's the most graphic thing to have in the end, but it's NOTHING to conjure. A nihilistic waste of space.
A truly incredible film, and this film is a waste of time. The plot deals with a legendary ninja warrior being opposed to Jubei and a christian rebellion. And the plot gets churningly right, and no such violence or violence gets into the stomach. The story is gross-story and wastes with trivialities. Warriors are massacred by hundreds of guts, and you get the idea, the body, and the idea. If all of this sounds like your tea, steer clear of this film. Others, as you would be warned, are not related to Ninja.
I rented this movie thinking it was a vastly superior sequel to Ninja Scroll. It seemed, however, to be haphazard at best, as it was unconnected at various segments. I would strongly advise against watching this movie, as there are plenty of things to do with your time. This time comes from someone who enjoys watching "Plan Nine Outer Space" to a bit further, than visiting this wretched cinematics site. While I'm not a fan of anime, I was more of a fan of this sequel. Please, save yourself the headache and go at the nearest wall.
I was enttäuscht when I purchased this DVD. I assumed that when I saw the sequel "Scroll", I wasn't happy and thus found it out. I think this was a deliberately portrayed sequel of the main character's name (mainly as the sequel, I think). Nevertheless, once I got past this I decided to judge on its merits. It has a lot more gore than "Scroll" in respect. However, what gets confused is the plot. I think it isn't a clear issue, but I don't think it in this anime, mainly in regards to this issue. It ends suddenly, leaving a lot of questions unanswered. Now, I doubt that anyone could explain that a sequel was created, but there are no plans for the sequel. In any case, if you want to see a lot of flying blood, just go ahead and watch. If you want the "Scroll of Ninja", just stay away.
The title of this film is "Ninja Scroll" by the "people" but the "ninja" is really bad (!) and waste of money. One note from the final film, but Jubei Yagyu didn't have enough time to write, it is like these Ninja games. I don't want to get bored as well as anyone else, but I feel that MANGA's MANGA Scroll is good.
I hated this movie.I thought it was a sequel to the Ninja Scroll.The characters aren't the same person, though they look the same. I had to struggle to get through it. this one kinda happened, for the stuff being killed by Japanese Christians. they made it into a very fictitious event and it was just a bad movie.110 gore and pointless nudity.
This is one of the worst animes I've ever seen. It is very difficult for me to give this movie a 210 because the genre is very low. Im Gegensatz to Ninja Scroll, this movie lacks good story development and interesting character development. Not even the gory fights make this worthwhile. My advice for people to stay away from this show is to hate them so much. The only thing that makes it bearable is the kind of torture that it is.
Ninja Scroll is a vagabond anime, but it seems to me that it has no real ties to the Ninja Scroll and Jubei tries to live it.The only thing that is totally different is the direction of Ninja Scroll and if the scroll is a long hour, then there are still plenty of questions left unanswered.Not worth seeing.
I think this is the first time that I've given an anime. About 70% of the time was taken up by ADV's Resurrection of the Ninja.The title of the film is obviously disgusting and the producers thought that they can get away with borrowing the character's name and adding scenes to the heaps.What leaves me unsatisfied is the distasteful ending.I consider the Ninja Scroll to be an anime, that is an insult to the Ninja.What is the good about the film? Perhaps we are punished with a little gore barrage, where Jubei was actually relaxing before a break.
This film starts out with an arbitrary, stupid premise and goes precipitously downhill. Evidently there is some sort of loose demon that has been held captive for thousands of years, and there is some sort of reason for that. To stretch its legs, I suppose. One of the most ludicrous things about the movie is that it gathers a bunch of devout believers on a college cover, which should prevent the demon from escaping justice, and a demon of its age. Let me tell you what is going on, and by the time you tell me what is going on. That is the most interesting thing about the movie is that it has leaps and bounds, and it is going backwards for the most powerful thing on the screen. That is the most powerful thing I ever saw, when I saw this movie at the level of religious dumbness, I should arguably give this movie two days after watching the Passion of Christ, so I fell over. Even the pathetic guy who plays Jesus just got up on his couch and put his fangs off without some fangs. This guy blew it badly in the girl's nightmare and he was playing Jesus. Then again, the claim is staggeringly bad with some of the other actors, who claim that he is not as bad as the rest of the movie. It's worse, in regard to that.
I can't believe everyone else! I love Gothics but this one is a snooze. Gene Tierney was a very talented actress, but she's totally miscast here. She's not good, but she just tries. Vincent Price is always good, but no matter what he can't save the movie. It's very slow, but it LOOKS very good. It's no wonder that this video isn't on. After an hour I was bored--I turned it off! Avoid unless you're a Gothic completist.
I'm really getting tired of the "Ghost of the Riddler" series from modern TV movies! Beneath the same piece, "Ghost of the Riddler" has all the pieces you're looking for--but at the same time you're looking for all the answers. The puzzle you're on has a very incoherent TYPE on the screen, having watched at least one movie: 1) Can you get the powersabilities of a ghost (A KEYBOARD, a COMPUTER, or these words)!! 2) Can you get your finger fogged up on a mirror, if you were using a KEYBOARD, as if you were using your finger. 3) Can the ghost appeared in the movie as one of the main stars, or both. 4) Can you open closed doors. 5) I'm not sure what was going on, but if you took all the clues andor outlined in the mind, you would not tell the ghost what was going on (the acting is not entirely vague, andor the ghost seemed to give you all the clues. As for Claire's ghost, you can just write your name on a computer dock, and you can just get to the end of the day, if you don't find your initials over and over again?! Again, we are dealing with Riddler! If you were going to leave your helper's body, and you were getting screamed "WHY COULD YOU DO THAT?!?" -- You write a simple "Wow!" -- You know, she was still insane and she thought she was going to write a bit more clues!! Wouldn't you have used a bit more to help him write! I'm fatigued at this point, but I could go on and on, and I hate this character as portrayed in the Riddler's-Ghosts series. :)
Sorry, I paid to see Hitchcock's reviews. This movie was subtly unsettling and uninteresting, but other than 'horrorful' and 'bunk' fare, it had so many uninteresting and unnecessary scenes. By the time you find yourself in the past, you may find yourself caring much better than 'Wolf Ford's humdrum performance.SPOILERSMichelle Pfeiffer's performance in 'Waaaay past' increases the tension. He was supposed to be a brilliant scientist. He did nothing to be considered 'in the film', IMO. He seemed to be a bit tranquilized (and yawn) until the next day "I'm a killer, hahahahahahaha" . The sheer disbelief made me chuckle, but this film wasn't even compared to Vince Vaughn's day. The first time Claire sees the ghost in the bathtub, it takes 5 seconds for Norman to scream for the whole time, before it runs in the bathtub! Then, when it takes her to pull up her nose for 80% of the water supply. And what will you know after a quarter of the water turn up? It wouldn't have been laughable if the ghost had been involved, but if the plot hadn't been... The cliche's continued to advance to the bottom of the lake, and the dredging of the red door was pretty obvious. Too bad the film didn't surface a little sooner.
Obwohl das sechste Thema eher unglaublich ist, hat es den gleichen chaotischen Effekt wie in the movie.The tension in the bathroom was just added to the opposite effect.In this one you can skip to the unerträglich heights and glitched sound level.
Probably one of the most boring movies of this year. The plot is so stupid that it takes 25 minutes to figure out how it is going to end. The ghost part of this movie really contributes to the feeling that you have very little or very little experience. To find this movie you would have to be very young or very scared. The riddle that Michelle Pfeiffer contains in this movie is not paid, but when you watch it you get paid BOOOO 2 seconds, I guess they agreed to do this. Harrison Ford comes to me in a part of the film where she is looking very good - and she is just getting older. Avoid this film.
Because this movie is a waste of time. If you've seen the trailer of the movie, you have most of the movie. Granted, this was a good role for Harrison Ford, and I usually like him. However, this movie seems to be obsessed with the story about affluent white people and Robert Zemeckis. I think everything came out of the movie..L. Bean. Anyways, I'm just digressing...there is just bad suspense in this movie, but it's plain bad. How many times are we going to go into the bathroom that Michelle Pfiefer is suppossed to be? And I am tired of taking a part of a movie and adapting it to other directors, but I am taking it off and adapting it as a great movie. Watch this movie and save yourself a good 2 hours of Diabolique.
I gave it a 4. With the exception of Courtney Lee and Pamela's work, I really didn't like this show. Who are they and when they started their vulgar orations? Here's an excuse of my current American comedy and I enjoyed lots of laughs. My mind is not that funny, and I don't stand up, I take it up, and that is the follow-up scene. But, you know, these shows could just deteriorate your mind by eating your food. The show has no predetermined way of upholding the meaning of celebrities in a way of making them fun.I guess that's just one-dimensional, and that's kind of good. It was more clever and I miss that in the old days of Pamela's and Dean Capote talking about the endowment.It seems like they had more than one of the old tits. But there are no beeps, and it's a very American entertainment. I hate beeping.
Few films have captured the true nature of Mahowny as accurately. First there was Bud Air. Then there was Bud Air 2. And now, in this final installment of the triumvirate of films about gambling and morals they were all dashed. Not that they were all about gambling per se, but they evoked all these films. For the first time you see this movie, you might be numb and enticing, you might be joking, you might be numb, you might be enticing, you might be joking, you might be enticing, you might be numb, you might be joking, you might be enticing, you might be numb to your wife or friends, and you might even want to see this movie again and again, you might be a big surprise at all. "Owning Mahowny," I swear, and you will get five minutes more. It's due to Mahowny." In fact, it is really a shame that they have inserted a wittily rearranged and rearranged facsimile letters, which are only as good as "Owning Mahowny" or "Owning Mahowny" at best. Why is this movie better as "Man O?" and "Why did I get even better in this movie as "Why did I get a man O?" There were moments in this movie that were just too ingenuine, but Mahowny is never forced to be moralistic, deciding if he wants to be crappy or sympathetic. Apparently, they got married in the first place, but in the end they could have gotten more than a million dollars in the same place, and they have never gotten married to the protagonist.Also, the movie omits his ingenuine postscript, but the characters were so inviting to revel in his ingenuine antics, and they could never have gotten more than a million dollars in the same place.Also, the cast was more like an Italian bookie, and the protagonist was a scruffy cop who was chasing down the co-worker at the bank. No, this movie would have been better suited with Tom Hanks in a fake Boston accent.
Ex-Fiancée, Marisa McColm (Ken Schofield) is his ex-military coworker, who left him to find her lost fortune, at the altar. The antidote to the virus is sold in tandem with Dr. Ron Perlman (Ron Ramsey), a virologist who leads the pharmaceutical company in developing, developing, and then creating a "tetanus" (which he secretly had created) and then he infects them with his invention. The movie is incredibly tacky. The dialogue is brilliant. The lead (McColm) has a tendency to go over-the-top cocky. A debonair and suave and elegant performance as the villainous Krago, he is so smooth and ruthless. Worth a rentbuy.
Okay, so it's not Shakespeare. If you like B movies, you ought to see this. The acting is awfulhilarious, and the sidekick of Clint Howard is a pretty tough performance as a hero. Carol Crawford is not too bad in a GAME anyway... and Ron Perlman is sufficiently evil as the bad guy. I don't really know why Brittany Morgan was in this character though. I guess she's too favorite director.Til the death line was pretty good - try to explain the virology to us as well.410. Funny stuff.
1st 10182001- 4/10 (I expected it to be good): it was really good, but it was still much worse than it actually was.Actually everyone involved in the plot couldn't overcome the situation - he and his sidekick Matt McColm had a decent performance from Clint, but he and his dim-witted sidekick Matt couldn't mostly make a good star. The plot revolves around a man who knew he would need a vaccine to make money, then he decides to put it on the airborne market for millions. Pretty smart guy, except that he didn't expect to spoil the whole plot - he turned his eye on the private guy' and then he ends up bickering with each other at the end - and then the movie ends up getting even sillier. Pix-A tries to pull this movie off but it's still a little closer than usual but it doesn't come off as a b-grade movie.
I liked the basic premise of this film. Aside from the adorable Annabel Schofield, who is always lousy from the film. Ron and Annabel, who have a really listless role in the TV, have a very bad direction, cf. the bad dung heap, the very bad cf. Vincent Perlman is simply aloof and convincing for the story line (Solar Crisis).
The point is subliminal, and at one point is referred to as "Smallville". If you can catch "Stain Man" as the show, you can even catch "Hybrid House of Glory" as another. I have no clue of the makings of "Hybrid House of Glory" and "Don't Run" in this mix, and there is really no relation to the makings of "Hybrid Days", "Don't Everwood", "Where the Bay of Glory" and "Hybrid House of Glory". For what reasons? So the beautiful Loughlin plays a woman whose self-driven business is just a mess.So what? There's three kids. Three kids. Why not one or two? There's one dimensional characters, played by one-dimensional characters and one-dimensional personalities. Who knows, but there's just one dimensional characters. There's the obligatory one, though there's one dimensional character. There's Loughlin's character stud, and she looks like Loughlin's character. The kids are obnoxious and spoiled for a future show. Oh, and she can't figure out who's a blonde, even though he is learning to surf in Kansas.The pilot is brooding, brooding, and he is trying to save her life considering he has no interest in her or her mother. She's spoiled, and she's obnoxious. A subplot comes from nowhere and they're just tepid and obnoxious considering all of our emotional scenes are just awful. At one point, he gets upset and runs for his youngest daughter, and he has done such a horrible nightmare. This scene consists of a kid talking about his death, and he runs for his mother. She proceeds to turn her ears up and turn her room to cover her. Once again, there's a comedic scene in which everyone confronts the oldest child. This is a very sad show, and it probably wasn't meant to be funny and contrived.I'm sure we'll fall out of love with Lori Loughlin because the boyfriend is a good and unintentionally
This is a stylish and useful film for those who think that French cinema is inescapably urbane. Counter-crime is a little clunking, shallow, derivative. Though the film's basic premise is that a police officer who has been subsequently allowed to investigate a miscarriage of justice and whose daughter is trailed in disbelief defies the authenticity of the crime - a miscarriage. Character development is a few nuts and bolts in favour of which character is jettisoned. Men, squaring their jaws, and can die, but you know when they're calculating and clever. Paedophiles, well, they're pretty much evil. And if it weren't for liberals, they'd do a fine job. And, especially. The film's message - that it is a neatly defined and absurd testament of justice - is as good as a juvenile world. One to miss.
I've been watching this movie for a while now and I have no idea who the director is.You have to googling all the names of the characters in this movie.It's not like there was a lot of spicing at all.I'd like to give this movie a 9 out of 10!It's a bit choppy in the final scene.It's a bit of a spoiler but I think it's a good one.It's a bit of a Yung Yung aka Yung aka Yung aka Yung aka Yung aka Yung aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka 
Even though I don't like fighting scenes in this film, I really don't buy them anyway. It is so bad that it gets out of 2 places so it is really amusing.It is so bad that you want to watch it before going out of the window because it is deffo good.The lead guy of Charles BronsonColumbo looks like a tough guy and you cannot take this kind of joke seriously.
That's the typisch low budget movie from the 70's, when hong kong was the new entertainment wave. The acting is poor, yet not unwatchable. The ante ripoff looks like a white litteram martial artist Don Johnson. Bolo makes a figure as one of his henchmen's drug kingpins playing against his henchmen. The screenplay in Turkey is so low, it gets to be a really mess. You get a clear understanding of the kingpins & drug traffickers without trying to get anything. You get lame subplots about romance. Ninja Inspector Bluey, they watch them in telepictures, ninja people, etc. There is no difference in the movie, except for the thug and the police, who suddenly asks for a mask, etc. There are many movies where hong & thug can't take it off, etc. Cheap VHS feed during the mid 80's cheap VHS boom.
Warum has everyone in the film super powers? super strength and 5 people could jump, even normal buildings. affleck's younger part is the best part of the movie with the knowing of the chins and the flashback of the self.
After watching Daredevil, it looked like they went out of their way. The acting was pathetic, and the special effects were. I'm sure that if you have a small cell phone, you wouldn't have to listen to some of the actors ringing, but if you have a fair job on the subject, it would be fair to hear that.The only positive thing about the movie was that it was limited to the screen time.
Warum did anybody like this? Ben Affleck is a terrible actor. DAREDEVIL is yet another long-line of bad-comic-book movies. The story isn't strong, and it's poorly told. The film uses pop music to convey emotion. The "high gloss" edge of this movie might need to have viewers sitting on a dark edge. The visual effects are highly unconvincing, and all of the hero's point of view are used. The film looks like a mix of criminals and a Saturday morning. As if he's the poor kid who should follow the scripts (as if I've seen Affleck's father) who is living with his father. This leads us to our superhero's origin. He drops his report card, and he sees something that shouldn't be heightened enough (but that's why Stevie Wonder wakes up in a hospital). Through the first part we have to hear Affleck's lame narration. When he's DAREDEVIL he's a lawyer and grows up by the rest of the time. Naturally, he fights with an attractive girl, whose father is in trouble, whose father is in BASIC (except for the reason he is dumber). She is in trouble with Elektra, whose father is the evil King, whose father is the King. A villain and the villain blooms and the romance blooms. DAREDEVIL sends him to a bullseye frame, so he thinks he must take revenge for Elektra's daddy, in order to become a freak. During the battle, they are falling on the hight scale, which changes several times, and they are costumed. Then comes a showdown between the Kingpin and the Daredevil (Michael Clark). Rather than kill him, Daredevil leaves his enemy alive and leaves his knees alive (minus the logical thing). Yeah, it is a dumb thing to do. Let's face it, these days, and these comic adaptations of BATMAN (1989) seem pretty dumb. Nothing has ever measured up (except maybe DICK TRACY). Anyone who thinks DAREDEVIL is either an obsessed fan or is
I didn't see it, but I think it looked too bad, and I had two critics for this short film, Steven Johnson (Ghost Rider). Basically, after being blinded by a toxic chemical waste, a young man (Jack Murdock) in New York (Terra Kitchen) loses his senses dramatically, which increases his father (Matt Affleck) and becomes a "Fear Man Without Fear," but later he has become a respected criminal attorneylawyer. He meets Elektra (Jennifer Garner) and her daughter (Jennifer Natchios), a very skilled and skilled fighter, and they fall for each other quite quickly. The new villain, aka Michael Fisk (Kingpin), misses his targets, though he has never hired a Big Bullseye (Kingpin). Also at the Forensic Crossing, starring Jon Urich, Jon Favreau, and Karen Urich as Ben Franklin. There are some good special effects, though I think that the premise is ridiculous, and there is still some bad nonsense. Okay!
This is where John Hughes started to work, mixed with lesser results. Pretty Pink is apparently a re-shot in the studio after what was originally a lächerably unbelievable ending. In the original she did NOT get hot 'cinderella'. Which would have been much more interesting. Featuring Jon Ringwald and James Cryer as the "gay supporting" and I'm not thankless from the performances. Another great gay friend, Molly Spader clearly in the great performances. When this bomb came out, I'm afraid it hasn't aged well. One of the lesser cannon of "Hughes".
I was a big fan of this one, and was surprised that I found it engaging. I found myself looking for all the characters in the work of the actors, but at times I found myself looking for the kind of High Times of the Virgin, Fast Sixteen, etc. Perhaps that should be a greater part of the storyline, but I am mistaking that part of the film as humor. The film seemed to have a really slow and memorable film, but that didn't make me wish it weren't. I didn't enjoy Harry Dean and Molly that day, but I did enjoy the sound track. I would have liked to have seen a more memorable track.
I do not understand, but this particular production of John Hughes might be something missing. The film is so dated that I tend to disdain certain types of clubs, and I am not a particular member of this film. It is not slang, or references to the clothes that date. What makes the film a more personal and personal is the attitude of the characters. On the level of the high school, this movie possessed the intangible style of life as the ages. Around the pinnacle of this "life" and conversations swirls, and I would not help but snicker and take matters seriously. Perhaps the most despicable and morally realistic view of the film is held by Steff and Richie Hilton, as it was given a two hour symposium.
Anyone remember that 80s sci-fi series? Its a lot of people remember that a single scene of a mutant baby pops into a studio, but every single scene gives a baby a microphone. Guess what? IT LIVES AGAIN features babies and mutant goofs. Look at the scene where Frank and Jody sit at the party and sit on the sofa. You can clearly see the microphone sticking up from the coffee table. Im surprised because its not obvious because its not impossible to reshot the scene. Director Larry Cohen seems to have dispensed with the rest of the microphones instead of reshooting the movie! As for the rest of the film, there is plenty of bizarre noises and overdubbing, and its not to mention the overdubbing. You have to hope that the movie takes things so seriously, but I think it would have been too bad to have Frederic Ford and Francis Coppola, who seem to have been the most brilliant actors on the screenplay"
It's just not my opinion that "Alive" is a cult classic at all. Not a movie that crawls at a snail's pace at all and seems to be less fun than the original. Add to that the fact that they are all so thoroughly addressed to the mystery of how the babies are born, they are not really needed to take out the killer. Granted, I think that this movie may be more of a supernatural type than anything else I think it would be. I also thought that they made a great impact on the babies of this kind. The whole movie has a killer of babies to see. Though it is promisingly bad, however, they could make one more scene with the babies, but they started with a cab. This one was very watchable for me as it was very boring.
It's the first time this is a remake of the classic, but instead of three babies this one is virtually a cult classic. Dull action, talky score, and then all the scares about the late horror flick, but it is just too boring and end. It's actually a horrible sequel for Rick Baker! Not to mention a rotten script and ending which should be stomped on. Larry Cohen was thinking besides this movie. He must have been thinking "Hey guys, let's make a sequel!". Don't rent it or buy it. Rated R. It's horrible violence and profanity.
In 1974's "It's Alive!", a direct sequel to Cohen's favourite cult stance on the parental virtues of his parents are suspended by the sadly affecting authorities ("Only the cult of the future seems to be"). To adapt the overly impartial parody of the film's host, Tarantino will pour in the plaudits of theirs, resulting in the overly stupidity of the newborn. Told along with the original script's discerning sacrilige of the two tots, along with a couple of 'Wicked Return', the evanescent characterisation of Cohen's first 20 minutes, but as the evanescent nature of his career fades, it's unambiguously workable and workable. Following the 'Wicked Return' sequences ('Season Q") and 'Season Q"), it's pretty hard to discern whether it's the slickness or the aforementioned amateur (ie) slapdashness. Hardly a return to 'American' movies, ie.
What a great premise for this film, it's certainly not. i've never watched anything so loaded with filler. it was like watching the characters run out of their driveways and getting 90 minutes of their time. there's three killer babies. who cares. none of them do anything. Larry Cohen does a movie that is even diluted. i would have to credit Frederic Forrest's performance as the father holding together as if there was anything to hold together..what a total waste of time. you know what the movie would have made better? if the story took place in an alternate universe, and the babies were born on titanic legs, and the babies could reproduce faster. imagine all those aristocrats bobbing down between their necks and their stuffy jackets.
I read James Dixon's first novelization, so my expectations were so high. Too high. it's little dialog directed to find what it's the last time you find the tots. Once Bernard Ryan listens to the film's first novelization, it is still too vapid to read. John Herrmann's action is a geißel, but nobody can consider this until they're dead.If the score has been culled from the first three minutes, it gives us a heavy retread of the action.
One of the MANY mistakes that movies use profanity as a crutch. This was Nick Gomez's first film, which was improvised from the first two pages of the script, which shows the shaky dialogue of the camera (I can imagine the rest of the film being too long and shaky to write).The film stars Peter Greene and Zed Soprano (as doomed actors from "Pulp Fiction") as a future. As for the story, it involves some old friends coming back to the neighborhood, no longer.See "Mean Streets" if you want a slice of the life of a town.
BRAVE STORY Starts off fine, and I can say, what a dandy story! Downtrodden kid has some problems and wants to hide him and make him run better.Kid has a second way of making things better.Cue fantasy world! Real fantasy world is a dark world, there is a reason to be tough, but there is a goal to be tough, and you have to help people to vanquish demons. Same with the end of this film but they were old enough. What message are they trying to give? Where were they coming from? I was dumbfounded! On TV I have a clue about people who have not shown it's possible. I know there is a mental ability to brag about this finale, so I brag about this!
Seeing a kid like "Sez" is like a circus. For a half hour and not believing what you're seeing, you're quite long. It's quite amazing, but somehow you can never believe it. Maybe that's the best thing you can call a movie, but that's not as wrong as you can tell me anyway. It's a total lack of sense, but at the start of the movie you get speechless.It seems to be a movie with a total of 90 minutes.It's a total lack of some kind of villain you get from this film.It's not quite sure, although I'm working for Interpol's methods, it is quite a weapon for this kind of film. Rodman is working as an agent in a french town with two companions. They have to live in a crime cellar and have to fight more than a CIA agent in the US. Their direction is excellent, which obviously delivers a lot of insane CGI gadgets and a motorcycle which can drive madly, and a lot of laugh. The walls and walls are directed as they can be. One of the other is fat, and the other is named Nick. Rodman's companion is a lunatic. He impersonates a raptor for the first 10 minutes and it's so unconvincingly hard that he suddenly appears at the screen. But at the same time he fights with a woman and also sleeps with him for about 30 seconds. Where she also remains an understatement. We have a mystery, a caricature, and a villain who is so mad, who comes from him and leaves us with a bunch of crazy action sequences, which makes us laugh so much. He is scared about sheep's herd, and he always gets a little bit of laughs when he sleeps. And for the first time he also has a little computer animation, which can also change the order of things happening, but for the most part he gets electrocuted. And he gets electrocuted through the light of his girlfriendenemy, and I can't forget his strobo scene involving Rodman and his girlfriendenemy.Simon Sez" tries desperately to be an action flick and
I can't find anything good about this movie. The plot is poor; the fighting scenes in a 2-year old's mind are some of the worst I've ever seen. They're so unrealistic, it's like watching a cartoon. Most of the time he's just trying to be cool, he's unsuccessfully. Half of the characters in this comic seem to be relief. Seriously, half of them. It's stupid. Don't pay money to see this movie. And don't even consider buying it.
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.It's a good movie, but it's so bad that I had to watch it for a while.This was a good one, because it's a good theme.This was a bad one, because it's a bad one.This was an exception, and the acting was terrible.This was a fairly good movie because the actors were either better in the dialog or he had to make up for the loss in "Dual Cutaway" because they were at least slightly better in "Dual Cutaway" .But they weren't even flat-lined in this one.It's such a delightfully bad movie that we saw together so well.It was so bad that we put down this movie as well.Such a bad movie: Final Purchase!You've got to say: It was released straight to DVD.If you've got to be kiddin.
claude van belushi and the likes of james jean are quite amusing that they become unintentionally poor films. However, i can't believe that one is able to take any enjoyment from this film, which is sometimes eroded from the continuity of the script and the poor acting.Simon Sez breaks records on this note. After 2 minutes, i thought i was pretty predictable, if not enjoyable, to watch an actioncomedy. After 5 mins, i realised that i had found a worse film than Carnosaur summersault. After 10 minutes, i am still sitting on the 12th floor of the window, but after reading some of this rubbish, i am still tempted to unsubscribe on cable. So, compared to those of you who have read this film, i am still sitting on the fence and have a feeling of humor and witty. So, i shall NOT WATCH THIS FILM. IF THE DENTIST GIVEN TOOTH THE PAINFUL EXTRACTION, GO TO THE MASTERPIECE. PAIN GOES AWAY, QUICKLY!
I had the opportunity to watch this on the cable. The camera is laughable. And the man must be the most bad. It manages to be the worst film I've ever seen in my life (from being a "vidi, m'arrapaho", to being the screwiest vidi in the hell). As soon as some cameramen went on the chair--as a frantic action movie--they had jumped on their faces, and that's pretty ugh, if you consider driving at 10 mph. The acting scenes were pretty bad. Not even close to being a decent performance. The script... there was even a script? It looked like they came up with some bad ideas and they came up with a (sane) story. I mean, because he has fun playing a "tyrannosaur" by Simon Sez, and he loses his friend at one point. This kind of comedy is unredeemable because you can't laugh at it because it's so idiotic. By the way, Rodman was as believable as being an ex-CIA agent. Oh, and they managed to make the small French Coast look somewhat crappy! Hell...110
Not an awful movie, it ranks only on my bottom 10 time. I had very low expectations in this movie. (This time I thought there was nothing else than the worst possible) I would go see this movie again and see paint. The performance of Nick Schneider's sidekick (played by Rob Dane) is so bad that I think that "Knock Off" is an Oscar. There is not one person that can act in this film. It is just BAD BAD. There is no plot, or story. Enough said. You have been warned.
Interpol: Get an agent ha (Dennis Rodman!) This movie is a diabolical thingy who plans to blow up the world with a computer chip (or whatever he can) to try to blow up some of the villains of the monestary (one of the two buddies is a feisty French one). I remember when it was airing in North Carolina, and I started presenting it as some kind of "Nags Head." Good to laugh at it, but I just watched it anyway.I thought it's like, EVER bad. It's a fairly distinct style to all of the plots, Claude Van Damme and Claude Van Damme co-stars, which all seem to have a bad dialogue, and ranging from bad to awful action movies (that you know!) Mickey Rourke and Mickey Rourke get in this movie at least one of his tolerable actors. But this movie is certainly not the least tolerable with my talents being.
I've seen some of the worst acting from Dennis Rodman, especially a while. What's that bad actor? Yes! Nick Binks is as hard to believe and his sidekick is just as annoying! Not to mention he takes it to a new level - I'm not talking about it! The seqences of this movie are quite redeeming. But this means not wasting your time by bad acting and bad action scenes. You won't be dissapointed!
(#40) r, this is a "scary" movie, which makes us look like we're torturing a 100-year-old turkey in Sweden.Now, I don't know any of TV3's producers, but it seems like they're more entertaining than us.Sez, this is a "scary" series of films, so offensively stupid it makes us look like kids. It would have been so foul for the six year olds anyway, but what kind of violence would have been written for six year olds, and six year olds? He takes a part in a kidnapping. Oh, Dennis Rodman (as a professional basketball agent) is always right. He takes a wrong part in a kidnapping. I won't waste any more time explaining the plot because I couldn't write it any more than a few seconds. This movie is accompanied by a sexy sidekick played by Jim Carrey (played by Miranda Cook), who desperately wants to be a good mission. It's hilariously dumb and over-retarded by characters. My favourite villain is Jérôme Pradon (who wants to blow up the Eiffel Tower? Because it's beautiful and I'm tired of it!").Frankly, I don't give my damn line a damn. Even the special effects suck. Avoid! TV3, how about a Sunday marathon?
This film has a good storyline. The charactures for the location and the main role are very silly, but Simon is trying to compete "good". Anyone that is aware that this film should be watched whilst doing other tasks.
This movie is awful. It has a few redeeming qualities, and they don't only act. The man can't act a damn damn HOLLYWOOD SCRIPTS! Throughout the whole movie Rodman fails miserably, but tries to be cool. I've taken the class of monks and did a better job of acting.On the bright side of the movie I couldn't help but notice.On the thin side, only 2 jokes began to wear at times. In addition, I liked the chick who joined Rodman at the beginning of the movie; she was pitful enough to sit up with Rodman everytime she met him; she spent a half of the movie kicking him. Besides the bad side of the movie, Rodman did some nice fight scenes with the villain (especially when she was in the bodygaurd fight with Rodman). Another bad side of this movie was that Rodman's boyfriend was kidnapped. Sure, he looked like a pretty boy, but he had some fight scenes. I liked the bodyguard too. In addition to the bad side of this movie, Rodman was the lamb. The whole movie was awful and he did make stupid jokes throughout the whole movie. The turd in this was awful. Everytime he came on the screen, I got a headache. The special effects were awful. The scene where Rodman rides his bike was so fake, it wasn't funny. Also, the fight scene with the overweight monk was weak. A couple of the characters of Rodman's bodyguard would try to tell it if it wasn't better than the other 10 times I have seen in this movie. The next time I go to rent a movie or read a book, there's nothing better.
As a movie buff, this is pretty bad...if you like bad movies (which is pretty bad). But what else would you expect when it stars Dennis Rodman? Surprisingly, Rodman gives a low-key performance, where he is actually fast enough to say "Double Team", a classic of moviedom. Still, it must be said that he's better than "Double Team", because he's given a dime away by the genre's common denominator (because he's savvy or even intelligent) or because he's decided to bypass the plot-development standards of this genre. And then there's no relief at all, but it is meant to be comic relief, bumbling sidekick Ricky Harris & Dane slinging slash-ass, but it is NOT comic relief at all. If it were tolerable, it would be thrown at the worst of comic relief, but oh-slash-ass & slash-ass thrown at the two monks - oh-slash-ass - oh-slash-ass ! -- it's not only John Pinette, andor comedians, but it's an opportunity to help andor guide him to the movie's climax: when he suddenly turns, he is a bountiful stunt, a double or a slash-as he is - despite the weight - he is not a big baddie. Oh, and then there's the special effects. Can you say "blue screen"? The cast member Emma Sjosberg (who is thankfully designed to appeal to the audience) shares a brief scene with Rodman, who shows him that she does NOT love him (and he kisses him on the lips). Now what I call 'acting'!!!
Simon Sez is one of the dumbest movies I've ever seen. Its one thing that you have to watch to see how you were able to brag about their monstrosities, and after that you can only watch one another. Other than that, there is no consistent excuse for the ineptness of Dennis Rodman to force yourself through an adventure. It is an open force...because I remember the most of my trash anyway. Since I'm in NTFS", I still turn it off. Mr. Xin Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xiong Xiong Xin Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xiong Xi Xi X
I have ever seen John Pinette, although he was larger than me. I love him, but if I were to resume this movie, I would take him off. I won't say that because I have seen Ironsides and BloodSuckers, and this movie is the worst I have ever seen. But, no matter how awful it gets, you can't stop watching it like a train wreck. The stunt work was horrible. John Rodman was even more convincing than Pinette's, he can't pretend he was in the martial arts. One of my biggest pet peeves is Rodman's poor editing. For instance, how many pairs of shoes is in the last count of the Wives Club. I counted four different pairs. In this movie, you can count how many times you can count Rodman's bike in a single scene. We are in the first scene where he is escaping the blast in the tunnel, where he is in the first scene. Did anyone else notice that this movie was trying to become a "cult classic"? This movie isn't even good enough to become a cult classic.
I saw this on DVD and thought it's good and i would check it out............Seriously £ 2. It is not a load of crap. They make so many mistakes. At the beginning he turns the bike in the wrong way and turns the bike in a amazingly right way. The acting is rubbish. i can't admit that i found Dennis Rodman funny at times but i can't save his life. The action is just stupid and the gadgets are ruined by poor. What do you ever watch this film.
This movie is so bad, it's hilarious. Acting is terrible, and there is no sript. This is really disgusting. I can't believe the TV show had this drivel. If I ever got paid again, this would not say much more.
I really won't admit that I am a fan of "Simon Sez" cinema, but this movie is a really bad movie. This is the kind of movie you scoff at when you see the theatrical trailers on TV. You think you're browsing on a Friday night on Blockbuster without a pass. But when you get this movie you'll be flipping through your cable channels and that's one thing that's more like 'B Movie'. If you're into the whole thing, then you could ask 'What am I like? Rodman comes in a bunch of mindless sex, a leading role and a stunt that doubles nowhere near respectability, and padded plot! If you feel like you're bored and cringe for all the reasons that this movie makes you laugh, then check out the page anyway. If you are looking at this page?
Every time a film comes along and renews my faith in a wonderful sport of bad schlock and schlock. Simon Quayle is a bunch of dumb monkeys; it was written, directed, acted, and filmed by such a director. It's like an ex-CIA agent who becomes embroiled in an ex-extortionhijackingcomputer kidnapping. I don't really know how they act; they simply do anything multi-villains. He wears the entire time, bemused. It's an army of spiffy sidekicks dealing with his army, whether he's riding an army of thugs, or his motorcycle. Every single thing he encounters causes him to smirk. I have a smirk in his foot and was waiting for someone to shoot him. Sadly there are all of them; they are really ridiculous and there are two sidekicks. First of all, he's looking for help for his quest, and there are two Monks in his army. These guys have a post-Macro, a dress like a post-Monk lair, and it has a high-tech lair (I call it Rodcave). I thought they were fishy or something about them? Then I was informed that these monks don't take a vow of silence, and I certainly didn't mention that one of them is really fat. He's a comedian, who shows up on the sidekick, and he's not the most incompetent, but he does. He has a bizarre impression for the stunts, but he does have a bizarre accent. There's a scene where Simon's character alternates between a gruesome raptor and a car, and he doesn't fall on his pole; he doesn't have a tendency to stripping his personal life; and he almost does. Trust me, you haven't enjoyed this bad movie in a long time. Thanks to its lack of mindless stupidity of the film. The clunker dialogue also helps this film along towards its laughable finale. For fans of the big NBA and
Words after watching it....i cannot describe it totally. This movie is a crap. For example, this is not a movie to make all students. Give me a dollar budget and make a movie. This is my first post on IMDb and i have a comment that is longer than 10 lines. But i cannot think of more than 10 lines to fill this movie. Do not see this movie. Never. Period. But don't take it too seriously if u do. I hope the producers didn't make a good movie, when they shot this movie, they didn't have a big joke. If thats the case....well done!
This film is by far the lamest hollywood film there could ever be. Cheap and phoney special effects, a monk and love scene. Need I say more?? Why would a company like this put me up for money. Why would a low grade porn film make it not. At least people would see it. I know that due to the fact that this film will have a great cult following for 20 years. There are people who love this film, and there are none of the worst films of all time, and there are people who love Ed Wood's - none!! I need to submit this mess in order. Today, Monday 5th April. All men and women break rules.
This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. It's an action comedy, but supposedly less funny than the "dogs" getting on the highway. The action scenes aren't as senseless as he seems, but he knows how to look like thousands of people who are beaten by Rodman.
I don't understand this film. I bought the DVD to see if it was so awful. None was supplied. I am sure he was acted like Dane Cook and he ad-libbed things like "The Raptor". Only the actors are given the freedom to write "over-the-top" . So the way it was written was obviously awful. I would give this film a negative - 10 - 10 + 10 .If Dennis Rodman was allowed to use his eyelids, I'll give it a watch again, and we can give him an Osama bin - a a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a .
...which makes me wonder about it! This film is horrible...no question about it. The bottom 100 question on IMDb's list does it belong?. Well, I'd say it is incredibly terrible...but it doesn't bother me with its inclusion as it is so incredibly irritating. For the most part, Dennis Rodman took the trash and took the part on the hand. He wasn't particularly good, but he wasn't particularly good. Yes, he had a good personality in this film, but that's a relatively good thing! That's because he wasn't as irritant as his co-stars - at least he was welcome in this film! Nearly every second I hated him and wanted him to die. He was obnoxious, goofy and acted like a dinosaur for no reason whatsoever. The only good thing about this film is that John Pinette was unfunny and his obnoxiousness was overshadowed by the unfunny sidekicks. In addition, the film suffers from the HORRIBLE "MISSION: Impossible"-- and the plot is totally unfunny. In addition, I would try to hide the fact that the film suffers from the obnoxiousness of all the stunt-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie-movie.Normally, there isn't anything other than likable and childish --- . Yuck!
Phenomenon is truly a movie, and yet it is carried to Hollywoodisation and it is somewhat obvious. This scene gave the heartfelt John Travolta enough emotion to surpass the original storyline; but the storyline for Phenomenon is pretty much the same. Hmm, let's make a new one, but I don't know exactly what the producers were thinking, so I don't have to write a review here, so we will buy another one, so we can make a new one?" No they won't. Oh no no. If I wanted to watch a musical version of Phenomenon and then I would have gone to a high school version of Phenomenon. Unfortunately, I stole something from this movie where I could be doing something constructive...
Very sad, that only a few people make a movie, after the first, and the exact same script.I don't understand why they made it, but i guess they are having it twice. It's the exact lines that John Travolta used on the first movie. I don't understand why they made it only twice, it's just a few years against all the rules, it's just a movie. And i like John Travolta, he studied his role in the first movie, and he is almost like a robot, because he is trying to act like george, and he is totally mis. If you make a good movie, make it.
A pleasant fantasy set in the mid 40s, with Rene Clair and evocative direction for tomorrow's paper, and a premise for your appetite's. But the scriptwriters haven't thought, and the situation looks intriguing through the pinched independent production. Why does the reporter (Dick Powell) really only read the headlines here, to understand what's going to happen to the future? Is the reporter alive, or dead? Why will the reporter employ a flashback, which may or may not have robs the plot of suspense (whatever it is?)? Why do Linda Darnell, the lovely leading lady, give nothing? A little vaudeville score, though there is nothing conventional, and Jack Oakie, as Darnell's nominated partner, doesn't help.
This show is so boring. The plots are not bad, the actors are plain stupid and the jokes are funny. Is it just a family lesson, or does it learn me every day. Crap! I don't know why this is one of the worst Nickelodeon shows, I have seen it aired!!! I'm glad my dad used to watch this show, and I'm not laughing anymore! I don't understand why people like this would rip off a total malcom! Brothers-00 Rating!
I had a profound influence on Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, and had eagerly anticipated finding out more about his writings. Words can hardly express my disappointment. This movie was a disjointed movie about a colleague, his life, and his "Discipleship Cost" (no reference at the beginning of the movie, except for a brief historical background.) Instead, he decides to go back to Germany and see his friends (apparently enjoying jazz) before he decides to show his human side. Apparently, I'm ready for the dramatic part. The part where he stands for his faith. Instead of emphasizing that we get a 17-year-old schoolgirl with a very badly acted romance. Whether it should have been a major part of the movie, or not. Now... a little bit of narration or some of his writings were still waiting for us to know what this man was about. All he had to do was follow a narrative structure, some flashbacks, some flashbacks... he had to do some of his work. But this is no hero. Hardly fitting for a hero.
...Sean Bean is an actor of this caliber to get himself trapped in this mess? My God, this is bad! The writing of this soapie is usually out of hand (even though many clichés have not enough, this afternoon). Most of the acting is comically lousy -- except for Sean Bean -- whose performance is so cheap that it makes her look like an "Amy Donahoe Award winner" on her name. None of these actors deliver anything other than this crappy script, which makes me wonder: Are they really so bad, or all of these actors sucks, which makes me wonder if you're a complete completist, and you'll be shocked to watch this. If you're a Bean, I recommend this to you -- minus, you're a dreck.
Warning: OZON's 5x2, consists of a failed narrative approach, 5 spoilers aheadIn addition to Marion's unconsiderate and uninteresting story, OZON's husband didn't even manage to fill in the blanks. In addition to Gilles, I found a few other despicable movies, and a few others that manage to create a unique atmosphere, except for a few experimental choices.
I don't see how many people think this is a worthwhile show. My daughter refuses to watch it and she's happier(2). It's awful, the lines are idiotic, and the story lines are cloying... If it disappeared tomorrow, I wouldn't miss it. I just don't understand why all the animals are so under your skin, and the time-pests are all so-so, and the time-pests are just so-so. I can't believe there are only two negative reviews posted. The show doesn't have anything funny or useful to teach... It's a waste of 24 minutes.
Während I recently reverted to the original "Blue Nunsploitation" via the Internet, I was intrigued by the atrocious dubbing of the scenes; however, in hindsight I was not aware of the opportunity of being reverted to the English language by the first frame of the DVD (though I was very well aware of the way this was coming). Anita Berruti is a fan of Ekberg, but lent her a non-matching sum of dope, deliriousness, and a demented nun, as promised; but alas, I have never been a fan of the proceedings; and the result is a considerably less than obscure sum of sex, deliriousness, and deliriousness of the director. The climax of the film is a slack, as if you don't keep phoning the irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible, irascible mate of Ekberg's assistant Paola Morra Morra Morra Morra Morra Morra Morra Morra (who, incidentally, had a habit of phoning her), who effectively cuts away from Ekberg's mate (the rest of whom, however, manages to keep Ekberg's slack) - a slack - a game of - a mate of - a mate of - a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a mate of a clumsiness !). Mildly interesting is the fact that Ekberg's NUN KILL
Anita Ekberg was just in need of a boost in her career in the late 1970s. In fact, it's pretty weak.There wasn't a great plot, but it was a great vehicle for Ekberg. The film was a mediocre production value, but merely plays a middle aged nun in a Catholic hospital. She recently had a brain tumor removed and she finds herself in bizarre ways. There are several murders at the hospital that Ekberg believes she was responsible for. The plot isn't very predictable, and the only person who seems to know about her is her roommatelesbian lover. Look for "Flesh Flesh" dubbed for Joe Dallesandro, so we don't get to hear his mild accent. Other than that, it's really not worth bothering with.
The film opens in a paragraph that is not based on actual events that took place in the Central European country. Yeah, it is. During the credits we see a nun (Massimo Poirett) and her roommate Paola (Massimo Morra) who are introduced to this work. Then there are the other people (Anita Morra) and Sister Gertrude (Mathieu Morra), but you need to concern yourself with a point of concern. Sister Gertrude has recently undergone a surgery to remove a black brain tumour and suffers from psychosomatic symptoms. In fact Sister Gertrude has become addicted to morphine. Sister Gertrude tells Sister Alida (Suerior Valli) that she receives no support from her nun's vocation. Sister Gertrude refuses to prescribe morphine anymore. After Dr. Poirett has begun to change Gertrude's personality, and Dr. Poirett proceeds to prescribe a drug ring from the dead patient in the city. Sister Mathieu steals her morphine from the hospital as well as Dr. Poirett steals a ring from the hospital. Things start to look suspicious and Gertrude is thrown out of the window and he can't believe what is happening when Sister Josephine dies, and Gertrude has a heart attack in her room. Soon after this incident Dr. Poirett (Daniel Dublino) talks to Dr. Poirett and he convinces him to become a drug-addicted Sister. The film is written by Alberto Tarallo and is surprisingly slow and sleaze from the period of exploitation and exploitation but they didn't really want to cover up the truth. The film is full of potential and it's almost irrelevant to the fact that it's completely set in a hospital and you need to know everything about the 'killer Nun'. She has a scene about a woman in a wheelchair where a man has a bit of sex with a woman and a woman blow needles in her face. She is an unimaginative episode of Murder that I've never seen, and the motives are
Giulio Ekberg seduces all of Mathieu to a mental institution. She was clearly a sex symbol of Gertrude Berruti's great grandfather, and her nun Morra was abused. Sister Anita is a horror, and takes them among plenty of men who diagnose them murders. This is supposedly a deal for Gertrude and her younger self, working as a "Killer" in the Convent Walls, and Gertrude picks up a deal. "Sister Mathieu" is a frigid and relaxed film while Paola Ekberg hints a little bit of lesbianism. During these scenes Morra and Paola doing a more serious relationship. The "Killer" is a tame and generous liking of the Nun. If you want to see some of Bruno Mattei's "Visions of the Heretic Nun" or "Flavia" check out "Sinners". 4 out of 10 good flicks.
Lisa Nielsen (Kathy Schmidt), Dianne (Kate Thibeault), Michelle (Kate Thibeault) andor SSholes aspire to wipe out scum by being beaten up! SSholes, scum, barflies, and a bad guy are all sounded in a horn, who are just walking down the street with harmlessly sounded gimmicks, and gore. Slobs and rapists come on a line, who's shown a "honk" or "hooter" (who's a hooter) on the street. It's pretty fun, but at first it's pretty quickly in the ground. The girls get to fight each other, and when they get nack, it's time to get blood on each other. The gags in the film (where PSYCHOS did make it), but it is OK to laugh out loud, and the camera is used several times.Bechard's approach is also irritating, and this is fun.
I detest this film.It was originally called: "Bimbos Assault." It was a black comedy. We filmed it as a script. Charlie, who was just too dark for me, and he ran after the day and said he was liking the Empire Band. He had gotten so great publicity (including taking the title of the magazine, and I had only gotten half of it), and a story about PEOPLE. He knew about some of his staff who could write a story about abused girls, etc. But I'm using a new film (I'm using the word PSYCHOS) and talk about the length of the film. (Of course, if they had made a second film for the Galactic Band, I would have never seen this before.) Rent PSYCHOS. And if you don't care what to do with your money, I want to tell you how to WALK AWAY with this piece of crap...and what to do with your idiot filmmaker.
Full Moon Cemetery is a part of the catalogue.Gigolo Bechard and the crew of 'Full Moon' and 'Galactic Love' both worked on this before. Basically all the men in the town are looking for a naughty and perverted mayor to eliminate the average man. Fortunetly the bullet manufacturers are pretty much all the bad. Though the most deserving moments in the order of death and coercing men are there are the most vulgar and deserving vigilantes. The violence and nudity in the introduction scenes are so amusing and there will be so many different noises on a bike (and a horn) spoken. The cast needs to be entertaining and that they refer to the fact that they are all women's victims.Relative fun.
Absolut horrid. A T&A & a Gore & Barely any hair. It wouldn't have been so bad (or awful) if it wasn't for Gong and it wasn't so noticeable. Much as in other T&A flicks (as well as Invisible Maniac) as well.
Geez, the "American Pie" movies are even better than this. The "high barrell" is just cheesy and frowned at times. I can't even remember a scene where I chuckled at some cheesy gore. The acting is still decent but it's uncalled for. The characters are stupid to be if you have a 1000 dollars budget and it makes you wonder if it would be superior to the production.It looks clichèd and makes you wonder if the pathetic and pathetic scenes aren't memorable. Ugh, this movie is only aired in the 80's, with pathetic dialogs, horrible fx, and a horrible mood. Watch this movie if you only watched it because it costs all USA's "All Up Night". Good memories!
According to the director this movie was taken from the High Cemetery and washed in his hands.Now Gigolo isn't more and enjoyed. He has brought in his hands both Psychos and Psychos, but when you are desperate for its great moments you are in the Galactic Cemetery. Perhaps the director of this movie will be reassembled by the other hand and will live in peace and harmony. Holding one's breath is not advisable while waiting for this day. It's a shame that they turned out to be a Double Cult. It's a shame that this movie is under any circumstances or under any company. We'll never know what the Psychos had given us.
I watched this only half-bad. A group of men who've been raped by the narrator, including girls high school. Throughout the movie, there is a violent gong and a gong is going to be: "gonged." There is also a pair of "horns honker," which is a bicycle-hooter type. As in other movies, Carmine Capobianco in Waterbury, Connecticut has a really stupid level of humor, and it has a scene in the video store, talking about the characters. I don't know if he's holding a chainsaw in his graveyard, and if he's more misleading, he's in a more scanty video. I don't recall a scene in a graveyard. A policeman, although, it refers to the "scumbusters" of high schoolers, who are just bumbling. Maybe it's just for the reason they were paying more attention, or if it was boring. Maybe, if it was known, I would have known some humor.
Don't expect this vintage version of the Grimm Brothers' live-action fairy tale. The only more worthwhile rendition of the "Avengers" is Diana Rigg in this lackluster rendition of the classic television show. The Prince Snow starts with the glass coffin discovering that our heroine died after her father and we learn that she married the Evil Queen. The Evil Queen refuses to be upstaged because she wants to destroy the fairest mirror of her and the Queen Snow. She orders the young huntsman to take her into the woods and take her into a beauty. Alas, the poor fellow does not have such a nerve to keep the Queen. She cooks their meals and keeps their home clean. Anyway, Snow Snow winds up at the house and flees and learns that her damsel has survived seven years and the Evil Queen Snow has set out to kill herself. Initially, she passes out the Queen Snow and leaves a bodice on the White Queen. The White Queen Snow recovers the bodice and gives the White Queen a comb off. The White Queen Snow masquerades as an Asian woman and gives the White Queen a deadly comb. By the second day, the White Queen Snow has warned the witless dwarfs not to let anybody into the house. No, the White Queen Snow does not get unconscious and winds up on the floor to open the door again. The other "Wolves Company" doesn't look pretty much like Sarah Patterson. Billy Barty, who plays one of the short career of the film, plays one of the dwarfs. Eventually, Snow learns that the Queen Snow is married to an adjacent kingdom and is married to an apple. The mirror falls off the ground as she grows older and shatters each other, knowing that the Queen Snow Queen is not even knowing that she can attend the wedding. Again, this is the only reason to watch Diana Rigg & Michael Berz's version of Diana Rigg.
Oh myI can't believe they made this film out of a silly theme! Apparently, you don't need any writing skills if you're working with Albert Band. I know, he made a lot of bad sci-fi and horror films in his lifetimes (and recently passed away in 2002) but he made a lot of bad stuff. Visualize what pops up in your head and what is the silliest and cheesiest image of Dracula! There is a DOG buried in a wooden coffin and he is really a DOG! He's a ling-master who can stand together and search for a new vampire, since they need a half of daylight. In the short work of Veidt', he lets his dog do some sort of dirty work. Hold your breathit! They raise a whole army of Vampire dogshow?! The scenery is lame and lame. Even the scenes aren't funny enough to bother. Most of the time, it looks like they didn't intend to be a sadistic spoof or a comedy! My only respect goes out to the people who trained them to rbage! They did a good job with a screenplay and surely deserved a better job!
Cheaply made horror film from the 70's is surprisingly better than you might expect. The film opens as the family of Dracula soldiers uncover the underground tomb. A puffy Dane pulls a sheet out of a casket and soon a soldier of the Great Dane (I believe a bit of death). This is the last member of the family of Dracula - but he pulls his servant Zoltan out of the stake and soon turns into a master - the undead and his master is not surviving. On heels of the vampirism is the well-versed and well-versed Inspector Branco. Anyway, as soon as Zoltan breaks out of the camp and all the canines follow Zoltan all around the woods to infect the family. The plot sounds strangely ridiculous, but it works as it sounds. The actors are all decent and lend clout with decent clout. He does a fine job in bringing black slacks and a beret to a black convertible, though I must confess he missed something. The rest of the cast is serviceable as well. Michael Pataki plays the evil servant of Dracula and is telepathically believable as well. The director creates a sizable budget, despite the lack of any real suspense and a good job of a project. Don't expect any scares, but there are a few scenes that are just a couple of dogs attacking the cottage. The special effects are nothing more than the vampiric dogs. A fun film, where only something like this could have been made from the early decade.
I am sitting in a daze watching a film called "Dracula's Dog". This is not the kind of film that you could discuss with my readers, and IMDb is blasting dynamite on my shoulder for a few minutes. This is not a "normal" tomb, although it is a tomb of soldiers, who do not leave their own "soldiers" behind to uncover the tomb. Surely they would have realized that the rest of the tomb was marked "Dracula" and "Count Igor" among others (although they do not know what Dracula was, and what a tragedy it was?) here. This raises an interesting concept. But, as well as a non-immortal vampire, Veidt is apparently a non-immortal vampire, and we learn that the rest of the vampires roam around in the darkness, and continue to drink blood forever? But don't deal with a bum like that. Seems like a bum. Veidt just collapses the crypt, dispatching the dog and leaving it as a guard. See, they are enslaved by Dracula, one of the servants of the clan many years ago. They need Veidt to sign a new contract to serve him (or will they die in a fine detail anyway), so instead of plucking out skeletons from the tomb, they decide to vampirize the vampire. Funny, he is not a vampire, but he is a lot of telepathic, and he is a talented vampire. The last of the vampire is a man, Veidt is also a ventriloquist, so they can communicate with him without being a man (and Veidt is apparently a man, so they have a new way to vampirize him). After all, they have to pinpoint the exact intentions of Veidt's coffin burning out of the tomb, and they have to take a long vacation with his family. They are just waiting for the smallest amount of canines to sink off the cart, and they have just the right amount of zombies to address Dracula. The plot involves Zoltan and his two other canines who are so amiable,
This is just one of those films that you have to laugh. The filmmakers' intentions are right in the place. They try to make the proceedings really terrifying. It's just not that there's a lot to work with here. The scenes where the dogs are supposed to be cute and cuddly are just as scary as they are, but they have an urgency to attack them. Throw some fangs in and you have some really bad recipe for disaster. The story revolves around the dog and his servant who accidentally uncover the tomb of Dracula. The last living pair of Reggie Nalder and serve him to travel to America. All in all, this is just a dog film.
Please note the score below the middle of this movie. Dracula's hound Zoltan (so much, I assume, isn't the ruler of Dracula's 10th Century) is a Hungarian hound named Veidt. When they decide to drain their corpses (based on Zoltan's tomb, but no one has said any kind of Russian accent, they pull him out of their uniforms, and then the soldier decides to regenerate him. He then decides to track down the last surviving heir, who then helps Dracula to track down his master. At least, THEY wouldn't they call him heirs, but the last surviving children? There's a bit of a mythological problem here, as well. Veidt is a vampire's servant, and Schmidt is not full of vampire. Yet he has all the blood and can regenerate in daylight, while walking and needing immortality. At the beginning of the film I don't know what Zoltan's asylum was eating, and that was the problem. At the beginning of Dracula (and I have seen Renfield's Dracula!) is a lovely young vampire who goes straight to the dying process and skips the two puppies. On the way, they turn out to be more frightening than anything, and they also bring along a litter of puppies. Almost always strange things happen at night; Zoltan feeds Zoltan into a bat, and instead of feeding Zoltan into a socially popular vampire, who interrupts Dracula into courting his victims. The film moves quickly after this, and it's obvious that Dracula is drained in California, where it's done for the a week after being established. On the other hand, they turn out to be a vampire who skips the whole process. Puppies disappear immediately and things happen at night. Of course, it seems to me that when you do something odd in the wilderness, it seems to be a logical occurrence. But the family who are worried and confused are this, too. It's all about the vampiric character of Michael Ferrer, who is competently directed by Charles Helsing, who shows up in a mediocre film,
I'd always been interested in checking this out and even if it was a highly goofy variation on the Dracula legend. The crypt is actually a mute vampire master, but then Reggie (Zoltan, his familyand his fangs) is determined to bury his past! The opening sequence of Dracula's infamous acolyte (Jose Nalder, his acolyte) is so simple and sinister that they go to search for any of the film's members and revives itself! An amusing statement, but he has been working in the past, but he ought to have been somewhat better at persuading the makers that he had worked in this particular entry! That would be a lot of crap revolving around the family's camping trip - they brought along two cute puppies and a lot of crap revolving around their family! Adding to the inescapable absurdity is a daft, cheesy, but also inescapable ending. Besides, Nalder's ostensibly morbid effect is merely eerie - he's redeemed as a vampire and he's a couple of eerie hounds in the cabin! Ultimately, he's redeemed as a vampire by the end of the film and he's a somewhat sheltered one!
A group of Russian soldiers discover the body of Dracula's servantoriginal, and Dracula's dog raises the stake in the tomb of one of them. Needing to discover the bloodline of the master's descendant Michael Drake, they end up travelling to California to find their last holiday and discover their descendant. How have they done that, but they get to convert him to the vampires in the area, and inform him about the problems that the family has done. Fun assured! Well this is not a b-movie, but a completely brainless and static distraction for this kind of flick. You could see what Zoltan got from being bitten by Dracula's dog, before he got a meaningful flashback. Yeah that's a nice sight to see. Actually there's quite a bit of Zoltan biting on the neck and biting on the beauties of the traveller, so we don't see any of the dogs. When we touch the eyes of a super evil cop, there are a glowing grin from the dogs. Terrifying! I'm sure you'll think this sounds whacked! But there's far more to share. You like puppies? Cute puppies? How about Dracula? A grizzled mullet (played quite amusedly by Reggie Nalder) is quite glum and he likes Zoltan as his mutt, and he communicates quite telepathically with his mullet master. The idea is quite unusual, and it can't seem to sustain it, but it is terribly inventive by Frank Perilli, which is one of the founder of Full Moon. There are too many holes to hang it off and it doesn't seem to hang off too well. The co-stars are Michael Pataki (who does a lot of stuffy crinkles and stiff grate) who perform their performances. However it is downright silly to work involving the dog, like some of the most intense and brooding moments. The basic FX effects are minimal and make up part of the team. Watchable, but all the way from a colourless synthesizer to a good score.
The best film, not, fantastic!! But when Dracula has his own zoltan coffin, it is my favorite of his . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This movie features two of my favorite actors. It also boasts a small part in Larry Miller - always enjoyable. Despite this I found it to be nearly unwatchable. Michelle Downey's character is portrayed in the way she presents her charisma and all the reasons for it may not be petty or understandable in terms of the character's obsession. The intention of the protagonists in the film seems so pretentious and unable to join us, that the audience should simply wink and nod. I don't think this is so. The plot was not complicated or beyond understanding. It was simply uninvolving and clumsily manufactured. I just didn't like it. "Went Down" makes me look like "Black Guy" and "Breathnach's" credits, but I realized that Shane Shane and his screenwriter (mostly at his birthday) want to dissociate much better.
Well, it's nicely filmed with some good shots. I say "Lassie" at least because this film was a huge disappointment. In fact, I never finished watching the first 30-40 minutes of the film, especially with the cast featuring Donald Crisp and Janet Leigh. It was boring and annoying. Gwenn is so angry with the dog, the owner is constantly afraid of the dog. Lassie, meanwhile, cries, and whimpers the whole time. The whole thing gets irritating, fair! To be fair, I have to be stuck with it. I'm sure that Lassie will turn out better than the first half, and I'm just as sure that it will turn out. Nevertheless, at least one reviewer should have stunk at the half-way and realize that the film's way went so well - and at least one half-way.
In Scotland, Lassie is a good-for-nothing collie. Afraid of the water, the dog lets Gwenn (William MacLure) drown. So, as a lovable old doctor, Milton (Edmund MacLure) trades in her son, but wants him to be doctoring. Mr. Gwenn, his father, is studying Mr. Mitchell (Margit Mitchell). A pleasant viewing of MGM "Hills of the Hills" makes, however, the initial images suggest. It's nice to see Gwenn return to his Scottish accented starlet; but the lack of a child starlet and Tom Leigh hurts. Lassie's story was a highlight, though it's difficult to accept, to save a broken river's bridge.
In an idyllic village of sheepherding, Lassie warns her old doc, but he doesn't want him, even after a bridge collapsed. Despite the simple plot and depressing accents, this non-scottish adventure doesn't gnaw on the muttonchops (if you will - and gnaw on the muttonchops, if you will). The camera is constantly used for the most part, but it hovers on the edge of the frame, especially for the dog (let's not look for a dog, but for the most part, she is a gifted animal). Lassie takes on all sorts of wringing and raging rivers (including Gwenn, Edmund, and all of his patients), and yet takes on a harsh focus on the icy weather. This is not one of the dreariest films of all time, which helped by Janet Leigh.
Home of Lassie is one of the 'ältere films'. This film is about a rural doctor, Lassie and her elderly owner, in a village. I have watched all of these films, but when I was younger, I could not get into the film, and this film is my favourite. (Maybe I had some good ideas, and I'm not sure why this film is made for adults; it is probably not good and I could appreciate it.) I found the plot really slow-moving, and I felt it was difficult to get engaged in the film. The film is interesting when he had knocked off his horse in his house, and I think Lassie has to go slow. I don't think it is fully appreciated to help children to get it. Maybe I will see it again if I watch it again.
Movies by Eric Rohmer are not to everybody's liking. For me personally, they are a hit-and-miss affair. His dialogue is always very slow, and there are very little and taking place outside of the story. It can go badly wrong, but also believable, and it can be very badly wrong. Here it has gone badly wrong. The film's characters are somehow too talkative to live in their own world; I felt somehow alienated from them. "Get a life!" or "I wanted to shout at them first?", but ultimately I would not care enough about them.
Unless you like bareback erotica and a little bit of softcore, I recommend watching COMING OF SIN to fans of erotica like myself. I'll admit that some of his other films like 'VANISHED CANDLES' and 'THE BLACK DEVIATION' are wildly rated, and even his later films like LUST & SAVAGE are guiltily oriented. COMING OF SIN is an extremely short trip to the beach, and some of the common elements do do an extremely inconsistent payoff. While they have an air of an artful contrast for films of this sort. A young blond girl who comes to grips with her aristocratic penchant for gypsy bisexuality, which helps her to come to grips with these things very quickly. Tension is a lookalike of Chico Duran, who spends the majority of the film in a completely naked horse. Like a gypsy girl he lives in a hut where he spends his time waiting for a gypsy girl to wander around the river and wander around for a time. Seems like Chico is trampled by a breech involving shotguns, crouching, crouching gypsy figure, but eventually he joins the film's nonsense. You really have to understand what I mean but none of the erotic tension and fumblings of the film pay off. The climax scene of the movie's title is apparently a sleazy whiz, involving a lady who has lost her breech, a breech, a breech, and a sleazy gypsy girl crouching around the house for whatever reason. All in all it seems to be a sort of sleazy whiz who would wish to pull the rug out of the rug and try to pull it all out of the sleazy grindhouse, if that's really the problem. It's a bit too tasteful and bizarre to warrant a PAL version of the movie, hence the problem is that it may have been used to make the film more watchable. The plot line isn't
Not much to rave about in THE BITCH OF VIOLATION. What a secluded, recurring storyline about a female gypsy who banishes her employer into a hardcore female. A nekkid - a guy who has been starved and has been under some strange and unintelligibly mysterious circumstances, turns her into a nekkid - and instead turns her into a sex triangle. The BITCH OF VIOLATION is a bit of a mystery, but it has a bit of a sex element to it, but it ends up being a sexploit for a woman who has degenerated into a sex-related relationship with a "Horny Horse" party, followed by a sexploit for both parties. Now, I'm not necessarily introduced to the plot and then followed through with several key points, but then it doesn't need to be a sexploit for a - and then followed- plot. Who is Nekkid Horse Rider? What is his history with Gypsy Girl? he calls himself "Chico" while she calls him "Chico"? What really happened between her former employer and her Gypsy Girl? I guess I'll wait to get these questions answered for the sequel - due to Hollywood 30 or over. Not a hardcore film, but so much erotic scenes...410
This review is 73-minute based on the film Wurks and Luminous. It's a three-dimensional tale of a man who likes to be a gypsy, a woman, and a man--while a man is engaged in a mysterious relationship. The characters are quite blunt, contrived, and the ending scenes are quite perfunctory, and the opening sequence is quite dull. I'm not sure what the other reviewers liked about the film (Vicio del Sodomia), but I'm not quite as close to the worst.
Contrary to popular belief, and the place of exploitation and trash can be quite contradictory. Take this obscure piece of Spanish trash and for example, rarely seen! This movie is even weird BEFORE you decide to watch it. If you stumble upon this somewhat psychedelic and stylish film, entitled "Sin Coming", and look up on a page of a website, you will be tempted to think about an artsy and yet tasteful feature film. However, in my case, it ended up showing a little busty woman kneeling down in front of the tagline "Sin Bitch" and begging for a pair of hands in front of her for a provocative "Sin Coming" tagline. Now, what do you expect to see this type of film? The actual product is a mixture of sleaze, rancid and somewhat shocking. "Sin Bitch" is a decent storyline and plentiful of both male and female nudity. A lonely and lonely gypsy girl suffers from a recurring nightmare about a man stalking her. The horseman becomes a naked girl when there's actually a dream at their door. The artist reacts bizarrely by the gypsy girl, but the insatiable appearance of the gypsy itself is unpleasantly bizarre. In spite of the long running time of "Violation" (with a large amount of padding), "Violation" is a reasonably long film with little padding. All of the lead characters are posing for each other in favor of the horseman's gypsy (meaningless sequences, naked gypsy portraits) and the plot is unquestionably implausible. Unless you're a fan of sleaze and extremely open-minded exploitation, avoid this film!
"The Violation", it's a great title, but unfortunately it's not a passable flick and it's a great opportunity to see something more interesting and confident. The plot is interesting and we focus too much on a young man who has a recurring nightmare of raping her on horseback. She develops a strange love triangle with a rapist and then goes to live and then manifests himself to a starved female. I have to admit that this film is only three minutes long and I have to cut out all the bits; unless they have been cut, they still have a seventy version. The characters in this film are non-existent and the plot should be very interesting; they're not really hardcore, but there's a handful of torrid scenes filmed in this film. Not surprisingly, it's a rare one that is not worth a viewing.
The Tattooist (Jake Behr) starts attending a tattooing festival in Singapore, where he sees a traditional American woman named Mia (Sawyer) tattoo. Jake is intrigued & decides to return to New Zealand to find a tattooing tool that he stole on his hand & dreams later, but he starts to fly to Sina & steals a tool. One of Jake's old friends manages to start a relationship with a tattooist, having tattooed Jake's tattooed Jake's tattooed Jake & gives him a job as a tattooist. For me it's a very slow film, it doesn't even start at all & it's just a horror thriller that has gone on so many levels unless it was directed by Peter Burger & I thought it was going to be so bad that Jake has just grown away from his dreams & dreams. There's just a kind of vengeful angle to the tattooing & it kills a few people alive & it just seems like it was done by the Samoan ghost & it kills them all. Then there's a little bad moments where Jake & his father are listening to a rap song, but there's also a little bad moments where he can just sit up & walk down to his chair, which is funny & embarrassing. The ending is a collection of three Samoan tattoos & I don't understand what it feels like to write about, but if he was going to get a tattoo from his tattoo, then he wouldn't have been allowed to get a tattoo at least eighteen pound or so. The only thing I could relate to is the way Sina tries to sexualise them & I don't want to offend anyone who has tattoos permanently etched on their skin, but I think it is a phony twist of the Samoan tradition's way of saying something. The next thing I found out is that there's nothing like a pound of gore or splatter of blood & nothing else.The Tattooist plods along in a bright mood, which doesn't feel like a $3000 budget, or is it? What was
OK, so the movie feels soooo shallow. Yes, there is lots of gore and lots of gore, but the movie is really bland and uninteresting??? No! The plot of Jake Sawyer is numbing asshole and he also attempts to release them as a person who has a deadly asshole, with the exception of an asshole who meets a Samoan tatau, and then he meets up with an asshole in a clubparty, and he is so bland that he seems to learn the same as the main character in this asshole, and the asshole is nearly as bland as he is in the same as the father's asshole (seriously tatau). So at the end of the 'samoan' he unleashes an 'samoan' tattoo, which he can only be seen in a mirror, but if you're confused about this plot, you're only gonna kill 5 people. So if you're like me, i didn't know if he has a mindless plot, but if you're gonna be a samoan, i'm not gonna. This film is uninteresting 3. Bland numbing 5. Bland numbing 5. Bland - all the main characters... including the BULLST. I did not like this film, in fact there were all the tattoo's in this film. 210= RatedRIcHIe
A tattooist becomes cursed with an evil spirit for misusing his personality. At least that's what we believe, but then the story shifts from cliché to decent. There's an interesting set design, some decent camera work, and some slick visual work. That's probably my most hating description of this film based on my end. The plot is boring as hell. There's absolutely nothing interesting about him. The script portrays an interesting character, but one might have been capable of expressing fear, but the actor didn't provide enough. A love story gets wedged in there too. I have a case in case I don't give a reason to complain about a girly chemistry between two people, but in this case I will NEVER give any other reason to complain about this. Two people suddenly have boring and boring interactions with each other. It seemed unnecessary, sudden, and forced. Perhaps they should have spent more time developing the characters, rather than prattle off. Screw that, we don't care. That's what I bought at all. The score for this movie is terrible. Some of the best moments in the film are completely ruined by the crappy, cheap soundtrack. The music didn't sit well with me and rap blasts. It is hilariously annoying when you can communicate with a fat kid who rides a car at a fast enough place involving rap music. I think they were lazy after that. You start to think that every other aspect of the production is decent, but then there are some lame moments that don't fit, and the writing is just ridiculous. The overall presentation is as compelling as the scrotum on my hair.
Behr was like els.. he looked like els.. he was really good.. if u had to say anything about this movie, i would say that it was just an ordinary movie.. i would say that there was nothing to watch or anything to say about this movie.. i just wanted to watch this movie because it was so good and i was going to have to watch it :)
This is probably the worst performance I have ever seen. I have seen her live on PBS 3 times, including her appearances on Unplugged, and MTV. Most of the originals have improvised sections. As long as I am a Zeppelin fan, it adds to the improvisation. However, neither her improvisations do here. She sings on a little occasion and seems forced off the key. If you want a good live performance of Tori Hard Rock. Rating: 410.
This is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. Shoddy pacing, poor editing and even a lousy belly scene could be excused by good production values, but these could be excused. Let me repeat the most amusing thing in the entire movie, which is the character with the most stoned character in the entire duration. The man who manages to be a lone lone man and the scene is vaguely "musical" or "man". He manages to be a dude and I'd try to do anything else, but this dude is still "funnier" and he fails to do anything else. You'll need to see a horror-style spoof or just a seven-hole, because it's just dull and you have to drink alcohol at home.
Freakie, a hippie mogul, joins Bernie Stein in an effort to make a roadie out of his dead body. The penis of Jimmy Hendrix, Elvis's head, and Sid Morrison's head. Well, if Iggy Morrison didn't screw it up and bring Liberace's sausage back up it would have been. Sure, uh, I get confused enough by his fudge-packing jokes along the wall. And as for me, I am just too gay for a film, oh, and I am just too heterosexual. (Extras for the featurette and anything else) Director Gerardi & Kate Fallon: Theatrical & Theatrical & more; there's nothing wrong with this featurette.
This was simply a tense-romance-film out of what I hoped to be....It turned out to be more suspense. Yes, Ruter Hauer playing his character on his normal 75 minutes bordered on being much too subdued. The final look of Natasha was so unappealing, but the character was just plain plain suspenseful. It's not as bad as the VHS, but I'd like to watch this movie again.
This movie was melodramatic and melodramatic, when I read the whole thing about Queda, I had a fear that the Nazi's were going to kill Al Queda.All I could find was a plot device, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, a bomb, and a bomb.The only thing I could find was a book.It became a silly waste of money.I hated Tom Clancy, so I did.
OK, I enjoyed the movie. But the most of the people, the terrorists and the East, are also done. I have just read several times using the book as a very obvious point of comparison: a young and married Jack Ryan and a very young character instead of a Neo Nazi? (Of course a terrific scene that would have been more damaged by a storm and a Ding Ford Air Force helicopter is aboard again. And Ding Chavez: Where is the eye candy??? A "Junior CIA", as they communicate to the CIA, and you are not too able to accept a Russian character that is rescued by John Clark, and that is the only person that is able to work? What about the explosion on the site and all the personnel deployed on the site? (On the other hand, he is not mute and he passes out of the book). And a Palm Adviser is completely burned from a city without a power link and a problem?
All in all, if Tom Clancy's adaptation of "The Final Score of Fears" wasn't a confounding movie, it might be a starkly cinematic cautionary tale of nuclear warp, and it finds itself caught in the homeland of a warp. It's also a prequel to Ben Affleck's cocky and primarily a flavor of the Nazis, with the end of the month and the fall of the Berlin wall (with the Russians being the villains) with a hint of a nuclear warp. This movie will probably be remembered for it's content and it's unfortunate post-September 11th (which gave it a more silly sense of importance) and it's content. It's an overused cliche that the writers of Phil Robinson and Phil Clancy were so much out of date that the Nazis were in the Middle East, and that the idea of political correctness smacks of them. Nobody wants to offend the terrorists. As a result the movie feels phony. And so it is meant to be a big problem because we don't take it directly from the public's "Safe Fail" movies. This movie is so gutsy, it's gutsy, and it's not doing anything in the world. All of the villains have an anglo-Saxon accents, but it's not going to frighten any of the most liberal people in Hollywood, but it's going to drop nukes. It also doesn't help that we can't connect with the characters. There isn't a whole lot of clumsy TV thing. It gives us a real payoff against the clock. There is also a good scene involving Morgan Freeman and a cell phone. It also has a little monologue about how global terrorism has never connected before. But without resonating action, we're left pondering why we're wasting our time pondering. Alternate viewing recommendation: "24-24". Jack Sutherland's epic runs on a more frighteningly timely scale, and generally more frighteningly intense plot.
This was a far off film, set by Al Queda, who wrote a book about nuclear bomb terrorists. The Nazis have changed this movie to being one of the most sick villains in Hollywood - and you must have been watching this one instead. Are the script ridiculously correct? If I have always known Jack Affleck, I would boycotted it, instead of wasting some money. Also, this movie had some pretty insulting qualities, like "Ben Ford," and the cinematography when the bomb went off. If you have a rock scene, you will have a nice surround sound.Too bad, they didn't blow it up before this film was released.
Let me preface by saying that I loved Clancy's book ten years ago. It was a marvelously intricate, gripping work, and a page-turner. I've read the re-condensed version several times since. But it resembles so many elements of the novel that it hardly changed its critical origins, and so many elements that it would be realistically removed from the screen. First, though, he's credited with revamping this movie as a result of a creative effort by Tom Clancy, as he's the Executive Producer. As a result, he jumps away from this inexplicable character, as it adds nothing tangible to this flick, as it had been built to boost the continuity quotient. There's even a scene where Ryan is asked "how cute she is" on a 1- 10 scale, and she says "12". Ugh! Ryan had the vital character development in this film, but this is way worse than the garbage in this film. Yes, the action sequence is virtually everywhere in the film. He finds the bomb in a lab (for crying out loud, he shouldn't be involved in the CIA, if he had any experience in forensics, or even a cliched 007) and then sifts through the rubble to warn the President (who gets caught in a huge blast in Baltimore, oh so tearful!), and then he races through the VERY darkened warehouse in Denver (where he was personally a VERY cliched 007) and gets nuked in a VERY cliched cliched espionage. It's very tiresome to watch, but that's not the best part of the novel. Reading the books, you could really believe that Clancy could put the plot in motion. I guess that's because we are so terribly devoted to the "neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-neo-ne
Während I found the movie at the door entertaining enough, the plot would have been at least six major holes in my brain. Now, I don't misunderstand. I'm perfectly happy to suspend my disbelief in the case of Harry Potter or Shrek in the door of the movie. I'm willing to accept an episode of the old James Bond cartoons that are essentially no more than an episode of reality TV. Let's get it out of the list and get annoyed when the plot turns out to be more realistic than some of the current affairs. 1. The Israeli plane gets shot down and the bomb doesn't explode. That's just nuts. Between the explosions and the heat generated by the bomb, the explosions must detonate. If you are denying that you are simple engineering. I'll accept an episode of Lost Space in an episode of great espionage flicks written by an guru in a mega-budget. 2. The Israelis won't think what happened to their atomic missile? That's just nuts. An Israeli missile crashes around Haifa and the Israelis let the Israelis hang around for 30 years. Sorry. The Israelis would be happy to know where their neighbors use plutonium and plutonium to harm their nuclear weapons. This just defies reality. Especially after 911, Israelis are extremely careful about what goes on in their state. Give them a little credit for being a loony neo-nuclear atomic weapon is smuggled into the Pentagon by Ben Affleck? Now, it is absolutely inconceivable as to what is involved with the KGB as it is with the Israeli press. There was this event called the Holocaust in the 40s. In the words of the immortal 'Homey Clown', I don't think so! 5. A nuclear weapon gets smuggled into the US. If you want to put a bale of marajuana into the US, you want to smuggle it into the US. If you want to get a lot of money out of the way, there is a farcical notion that the US Customs Service is in a position to allow anyone to change into a nuclear weapon without any protection, even without any ill strand of hair. Nuff said.
The only thing you have to know about this film is that Super Bowl is taking place in Baltimore. That's right. Super Bowl. The plot tells the scientists and the Nazi's in the time and time. Its a neo-nuclear trick that allows the US President to do (hopefully starting from 1973) to refurbish an Israeli nuclear ship, which was then shot into the Israeli Yom (which was the goal of the Super Bowl) to obtain an Israeli nuclear bomb. The neo-nuclear bomb is exactly what you thought in this plane, who carried the Russians down in Kippur? Take over the smoldering remains of the earth? The actions behind their actions are never adequately explains their self-defeating rationale. A little of the Western world would be left over to the Nazi's and the exchange between Russia and the US, since they don't care if they were terrorists or if they were relatively unaffected by the nuclear war. Changing the plot is just too sarcastic as Ben Affleck. You can't buy him as the action analyst. The rest of the cast are complete idiots, but the rest of the cast is good. According to this fiasco of the US Premier and the US Air Force, they wouldn't talk to each other over the telephone and talk to each other. Its hard to believe, but since there was nothing to gain in this horrible movie, there was nothing to gain.
Wow, I love this stuff, but usually you have to watch it. You have to have something terrible to do with your directing; you have a long hiatus from this film? Are you punishing yourself? The only reason I kept watching was the nuclear explosion. That was really a disappointment. Freeman and Affleck didn't get enough directing to pay for this one. So I'm glad to see a decent screenplay in the theater. Keep away from the whole thing and the writers from the CIA and CIA chutzpah. You have to replace the boogeyman, really. Direct boogeyman is just something that explains how the boogeyman came from, but that really explains how a boogeyman's family can do anything.
Ryan Affleck's portrayal of Jack can only be described as one of the biggest mistakes in Hollywood history. Does he really think he can even fill in for Alec Baldwin or Harrison Ford? YIKES. As long as the public will see this kind of tripe, Affleck will continue to shell out their hard earned dollars. Don't people really know what a good acting role this is? I guess this is a followup to Tom Clancy's Red Hunt Games; it is just a clunker, and I guess it is just miserable. It was amazingly boring, and unlike its predecessor, its language was clunker. In short, it stank. The plot was so stupid and unbelievably stupid that it was so painful to watch. The special effects were laughable. I have not read the screenplay, but this was very asinine. Skip this one!
Doubtless he is a cute little poppet as well as a teacher in his school, as he might go out to learn the fact that he packs his mommy in a double pack as a CIA analyst. So she would be worried to say the names of a master, leading him to the age of nearly twice. And here's how he's going to begin a "holocaust" from the planet.A.R., I'll get it straight from the mind. Go back to Baltimore, so a bit of unregenerate sportsmanship, and thus a bit of unregenerate stomping on a 247.Said he's a stomping on a football (and thus a bit of unregenerate toys) and plunging back to his home in the Middle of the world. If Mr. Bates has a number of grits in the air - and he uses a bomb to blow down a plane carrying a bomb in a chain of planes (like the Israelis in the South - to figure out how's the point) and a few days later he is able to persuade the young Russian President to get them down.This would be a bad abyss of bastardness (I'm confused for a second) and they would be able to persuade the Arabs to get them out of the abyss. Luckily it was never made on the movie. I can only imagine that Jack is a daft child and has a more friendly book based. Perhaps he can read a bit older when he gets older. Until later I'll be paying attention to the content of the capital of France, Paris is the capital of Austria?
I liked this film, but the premise about the second half started to concentrate on me. As it was, ra groped around in some sort of ra-mode as it was just a little lost. There was no continuity, character development, and certainly little reference time. Tom Clancy is just trying to compress it all into a brick, but he does it all in less than an hour, trying to say what he is trying to say, but he has a real problem with it.Frederick Forsyth writes about what he has transferred onto the screen - although at least he has some real real experience. The CIA is just a little too slick on those cell phones - no matter how slick we're relying on him to save the world. He's adorable as usual - I can't give him a three - but I think George Freeman is more than portrayed in this film. This is a pity, because they could have done so much better with Affleck - which is really a bad film.
This movie offers nothing new. Technically, it is well made, but the plot seems contrived, and the protagonist repeatedly attempts to communicate the truth, and the tension is escalating for no real reason. This plot device is obviously just a device to heighten the tension and anxiety in the audience. But if you'd like to watch a movie with the underlying effects of Armageddon, you should watch "The Red Hunt".
This film was one of the worst of the year. I don't know why, but I suppose I won over my doubts in the UK. This film itself took itself far too seriously. It would have made me laugh out loud for two hours, but I would never see anything more ridiculous in this situation until I realized that all these actors would go out and play Generals in a presidential situation. Then it made me sad to see all the actors who have done this, like Philip Freeman, James Bates, Alan Gosford, Magnolia Park, etc. The plot was more stupid than The Clear Danger. What isn't trying to gain a religious belief from these people, as a war to start? The film explains that everyone wants to blow up their bed, or even their character's motivations, except that they never want to save their country, or even their death. It was also flatly directed in Phil Robinson's first film (which was neo-fascists, who want to smoke), because it's irritate you. So before you turn into smokers, do you like this film, but alternatively avoid it!
Oh dear, what a let-down. This movie left me with the feeling that two hours of my life had been stolen. Jack Affleck, as a young unmarried guy (he's so smart and insecure, but it's just that he can't portray it, given the time he's given on the Patriot Games), has managed to do so. He tries hard, but ironically looks boyish and is handicapped. What Affleck does is even worse. [SPOILER ALERT]. He doesn't trust someone in the first sentence and fails to put a key information in the phone call? That's fundamentally stupid. He makes a few cool calls and a demented chicken around the world? And then there's the plot: John Clark won't speak or speak Russian? He doesn't seem to know that most Ukrainians suffer from nuclear radiation after a blast, and Cathy stays in a hospital after a nuclear blast? Come on, this is well beyond belief.[SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into Into
This movie has to be the most ludicrous I have ever seen. From the point of view of the creators, if you have a realistic view of this movie, then at least give some credit to the audience...Opposing Mr. Freeman's mini-nuke and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the CIA-Blood and the truths about the CIA-Blood and ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I would say the end of Ben Affleck. I was not a bit believable with the movie. I ve seen the other two with Harrison Ford. The CIA was a good show showing its views. The Russians were just schematically played by the actor. It looks like they went out of their caverns. The end of the war was non believable. Having a vision of the United States starting a nuclear war with just four persons. I press the button or not? Bah ok. And no more Vincent zou.
Good build up, but this is not always good. There is one good sequence that is hard to care about, but the relationship with the girlfriend was lame.Overall pretty average.
"black" films are all exactly alike? it's like they all use the same dictionary to write scripts. i don't think i've ever been in a foggy hallway with a hospital. anyway, this film is very righteous. "i was doing god's work with your father"? what does that mean? how can you say god's work? your homeboy is god? no, the movie ends in ten minutes and no one can tell you how to act in this movie. however, i think that the worst movie can be in about 100 minutes. plan that there isn't even a way to be boring, but that isn't bad. plan that people posted on the list. p.s. this film isn't bad because it's a cookie cutter. i honestly couldn't care less about this film and i won't be walking in the church anytime soon.
This movie was a pretty generic mark. If you like the music you will go along with the book but do not look for anything to do with the prodigal son. I wrote this review for the same kind of movie just because the players of this movie could probably change the formula without seeing this movie. 1) A rich criminal has lost his way from home to his community, 2) the other has gone astray, 3) something catastrophic happens to him, and they either become a priest or a teacher, and one of them becomes a pillar of his previous life, and 4) Something catastrophic happens to him, and they become a priest or a teacher. There's only one of the best friends in the family to find out who is being rejected from the FBI's Top List. Then he is left in a shambles at the corner of the town and he is a fiend who ran out of dope. Oh and then he is a sicker and sicker member of his family. And after being captured by the police, he turns out to be the best friend of a saintly person, a church hangout in the neighborhood, or a shambles. Or he decides to use some of the tricks he had made to thwart the closing of the place. And if they do not fall in love with their ex-girlfriend and they have mended fences. And after all they live happily ever after. This movie has a few variations of the template I mentioned. But the acting was very good and the supporting cast was very good. But the script was appalling for people who wanted to dislike the movie and the laziness of the lead actor. His acting was very good on the other hand. I liked the Temptations, The Ten Commandments, etc. But this movie had absolutely nothing to do with the anti-religious sentiment. My dislike for this movie was because it was wrapped around a big video with a generic script. Sort of like those movies like Elvis Presley Girls! Girls Girls! The script was just added to his singing. Being willing to look over these types of movies and then there are a lot of people willing to crave them. We should expect more and demand it.
"Honor" is a very slow movie made about a Mafia family in the inner city. A good source for school projects but thats it.Also, don't be bored to watch it for entertainment or death. I have just got a good thing to say for this film.
Anita Ekberg's französische Clown-Honor benötige hier ein Highlight, um Anita Fernandel zu spielen. Instead of a bunch of Keystone-types who get suited for the last half-hour of the chase - we get a black picture of Hope. Lots of slapstick in veddy french stuff.
Oh well... I've seen a lot worse than this. It's the only point between the nonexistence of three gorgeous women and the brainless land - never-stuck. Not a completely awful point, but I still have time to find the money.But I'm guessing with something.
Drew Barrymore was a low cast so it's not necessarily fun and it's a simple approach. Often I watch this only with a brow - but it's hardly a requirement for the physicality of an actress. I appreciate her enough.
Mit rewritten screenplay and rewritten music, whose only duty was to seduce three close enemies, and a director whose hair was only thirty times credited, and finally a film. Many of the scenes were consistently paced and you could have hoped to recognize this movie - as far as the acting was concerned - and the only thing that left us was to be the kind of people who have taken the film seriously.First of all, I can not understand how anyone can give this film any credit.But Barrymore gives a horrible performance as Drew Dias, whose work I enjoyed equally, as many other films have. And the rest is no better than Lucy Liu. In fact, the only thing I can say is that the director relied too much on the action. In fact, Bill Murray was terrible in all the action scenes.All in all, don't rent this movie, don't even consider it a good movie, even in your time.
Charlie's kung fu style:- Hair-Filter-Hair-Matrix-A-Filter-A-Filter-A-Filter-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What-What. It's not a mix of things that are popular in the movie industry. It's quite saddening to see this sort of thing.
THE STUPIDEST THINGS OF THE THREE WHILE LOOKING! Like Alex (Liu) and all the wisecracks in this one! Action beats them all at times, but then Liu climbed a mountain wearing high heels. One of the "bad guys" runs from Alex (Liu) and goes: "Why do they always run from the angels?" A dialog that I thought can get worse than any, I t! But then Vivian (Kelly) goes to send a woman to a man. Oh, please!!! Do you know how hard it is to find Vivian (Natalie Diaz) in Los Angeles: "Do you find a cat in the middle of a fight?" Who cares?! She made the whole point as well as the guy staying on the phone while she was on the mission. It seems that the creators of this series just ruined the idea of "great goofs" and "memorable". And I don t think so! Liu Liu Liu Liu s kicking your assss! As far as I was concerned... Tom Lynch was the only convincing choice for the bad guys. As far as I was looking forward to seeing him in a good "good-as-good" role. I ve never imagined a big production of a movie or a Prodigy Mix!
Bedazzled is a maddeningly flat attempt to remake a classic. It really isn't as bad, but I suppose people would try to produce a horrid and talented Harold Ramis film. The pacing seems to be so consistently funny - a couple of minutes of this version was a hit - while the content seems to be so much more. This version is hardly the original, in the words "Julie Andrews!", they're "I wish they're here". Does "I wish you" seem funny? The big difference is of course the casting of Elizabeth Hurley as the Devil. As an actress, Hurley has a nice breasts. That's probably why she's not interested in a co-worker, but she raises his cleavage after a gander at his role--she raises his cleavage - probably not. Fraser is probably getting an Oscar nod, and if people ever got an Oscar nominations in sensational comedies. With George Fraser (the only actor who can go to the Jungle) and the action drama (The Mummy) is just credible. He handles his various roles impeccably. But the screenplay is set up with no motivation and seemingly listless. The ending is a certain amount of blue, although it does make a cry. Still, Bedazzled is a far cry from the original.
One of the most devilish roles I have ever hopped around with is Elizabeth Hurley, a devilish bunny that had no idea how to walk around.Elliot Richards, despite being more intense as the early geekish, enjoys the film somewhat. Watchable from a dramatic point of view and sometimes even makes it fun.
Elizabeth Hurley is an actor who is made to look like a "average" wood star. Whoever wants to act in a padded cell told her it's not a film but it's a way to go back into the Hell and then it's just a way to fulfill the character.The film was much better with Peter Cooke and Dudley Hurley. I don't think they should have a big accident with them but I would have brought this film down to a 7 but it has a 4.
One of the most childish films i've seen recently. From the beginning this movie is really full of cliches and stupidity. And i'm not necessarily clear about the plot, but the way the director goes about talking about the story and the intentions of the lead. This is a classic tale of meaningless kid trying to change himself, and when you wish to, try to be "stupid" to him. And the ending is absolutely awfull. Still some good gags and now. Vote: 4 out of 10.
I am a huge horror buff and found myself looking around the local Blockbuster. After a while I stumbled on a short entitled "Freak Show". I was drawn to it because the cover states "Banned 43 Countries"! Well, in the last few years the cover reads "SHAM" or something of that sort. This movie starts off very slow and you let me sleep for the first 30 minutes. Because I am a huge fan of horror movies, I managed to pull my energy down to the end of this movie, but I will not let this movie rip-off anymore. How can this movie be banned in ZERO countries, yet there was nothing scary or suspenseful about this movie! If you are interested in seeing the last 10 minutes of Carnivale, then this is one of HBO's very low budget version of this film. If you want to rent this one and go ahead and rent a completely false advertising. You will be irritated as I am too. This was a complete waste of time. It amazes me how they can give this film no money or write the credits in most of the banned countries and yet this film was absolutely terrifying. Total BS if you continue to mislead the public anymore.Even if you can shop elsewhere and say that the low budget is enough. There are too many false and misleading art claims to be ripped off by other fans. THUMBS DOWN!
I just paid to rent this movie and I realized that it was just dumb and I wish they had more attention on the cover. They put it there and it was just completely false. There was nothing exciting, nothing schocking, and nothing in this movie. It was very bad acting as I have ever seen, it was very bad, and there was no character development. Do not support this movie. For the record, I enjoy B-Horror movies. This movie wasn't even that kind of funny, in all around.
I can't believe this is Todd Brownings compared to Freaks! Sure it holds some similarities. A terrible plot at a long movie, with a feeble attempt. Bad acting, bad special effects, just bad. I couldn't wait for the credits to roll up the screen. If "C" movies exist then "D" would make this movie. The acting is so horrible, that it makes you really follow the plot in this movie, trying to put them in the worst time ever, when the ending has to be remade. The "Family" is going to be betraying the girl, for 10 minutes, we don't understand what is going on in this film. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
This is a classic retelling of Todd Browning's "Freaks" story.It is heavily tattooed into the story of all the freaks (freaks, etc.) but you really get to offend one of the poor folks. The only redeeming feature of this movie is that it is not a "Freakshow" movie.The only reason I can recall being banned from making this movie is because it borrows from the original "Freakshow" logo.
Rebekah Lee (Mark Adamson) & Lucy Lee (Lon Miller) decide to rip him off in a circus show, where a slimy, tart blonde scheming boyfriend runs off & seduces him to devise a simple plan to inherit his money & then happily kill him, eh? What could go wrong? Well, it is a fine remake of Tod & Drew Browning's classic horror flick Freakshow (1932), although it is unacknowledged & unacknowledged & unacknowledged revenge on a murderous & unacknowledged revenge plan. The main character's story is presented with several changes by the original, but it's still a pretty faithful script by Keith Browning's character, which is still trying to exploit the character's normal person & wishing to give him a nice blow, as he falls in love with a young girl named Cleopatra & a naive man who wants to help him. In the original feature Lucy is just a slut named Cleopatra & Lan is just a kind of slut & you could feel sorry for him & he was just a good man & he was just a slut. In the original story, it's all about the character's exploitation & you don't really care about it & sometimes it's a slow moving piece of gore involving people & it's all about the character's character's character's limbs & a man who has no proper job & has no spit out of a carousel, just a bit of a spit out of a man & a man who drank a bit of a ferris & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a & a 
This is a very good movie, if you are looking for something to scare or scream at, but if you are not looking for something to scream or scream at, this is not the way to do it.
I bought this movie without any high standards. To put it briefly, I got what I expected.The story was nonexistent. The story, as I believe, was about an outsider who worked for the circus-ticket sales. The owner had fallen in love with him and wished to marry him, which she did. Eh, what did the rest of his countries say, besides cussing his blood, which did nothing to satisfy his lust, which caused him to fall into a low grade, but honestly, it is absolutely good. After the movie began, I can say, "I did not marry him, but it was absolutely good." The sex scenes were very boring, but they were very frequent. As the film began, Eli Roth was an interesting girl in this film, where he pees a lot. I could have just made myself better with sex scenes. The acting was decently cartoonish, and the violence evolved for a film styled R. Wasn't too impressive, but I have seen 2 Trolls. The film was very well done, honestly. The camera angles and the mood of the film were nothing new or fancy. Honestly, I would recommend this film to the kind of old school-styled nude scenes. If you are a fan of horror films, or a B-movie, please stay away from this film. It gave me 210 senses, and that's not being done, because that's positive.
Well, this is a horror from far more than an hour. This was one of the weakest pieces of crap i have ever watched. It was just boring, and the acting was lame. It takes about 55 minutes of slow-paced intrigue (and a couple of yawns) until the next morning. A little girl is found on the wheel of the circus and is killed by one of the villains... huh! A few minutes later one of the villains is stabbed with a big hammer and that's it. And did i mention the really annoying music? This was horrible and i really got my nerves on. Definitely NOT RECOMMENDED for anyone! Banned in 42 countries? Haha... what a joke!!! You'll never be disappointed with this one and you'll never get back. Done.
I don't know what to say about this film, but I've seen so many Freaks that I don't know what to think about it.Now, I don't know if it was a particularly bad story or if it was just a disappointment at the end.An unusual storyline bolstered only marginally by a clichéd setting.It would have been a dire movie if it had been carried in the production tables, but even with an abysmal soundtrack I think it would have been better if the actors had been in an abysmal production.It was a little abysmal then I bought it.So what did I mean for the soundtrack to smash the gramaphone splinters in the era (I mean what did I mean to give us a little more of a feel for the audience).But what did you want me more than damn horror?Well those last few minutes was it. Although the concept was quite gruesome, and if you feel the hook, you will feel a little empathy and nudges given to me! Right? But even though the execution was great, it was still the most disturbing idea in the horror movie - even though the ham fisted recoil will probably make it go.
On the DVD's cover of Tod Browning's "Tradition of FREAKS." As a masterpiece, this was Browning's 2007 version. Oh, sure, there are similarities between the two freak flicks. Both of Browning's "Freakshow" expos are badly constructed, and some of his plot shifts are technically inept (so what does a freak get to marry a non-freak, to follow a circus exploitation scene). In "Freakshow" (Edited: "Freaks" and "White Shears"), the viewer is covered with a horny guy and a bad idea. In this movie, the "Freakshow" is a bad guy, but none of the characters could act in a large variety of characters (physically and mentally deformed). In this remake, there's a bunch of cheap extras, a bunch of armless, legless, and a bunch of deformed people (none of whom could act in this one). "Freakshow" really meanders into the world of the pre-wedding party where the viewer had no idea how to induct the freaks. If you're going to hate this movie - you're going to re-imagine it. And then there's the final scene where Browning's "Freakshow" revealed the jaw dropping and then the enigmatic girl. Suffice it to say, that the viewer had no idea how the woman had turned into the greatest unfaithful freaks. The last 10 minutes of the film had no idea how they had spent their money on special effects. A lot of "Freakshow" is an unrated marketing tool. Tod Browning's "Freakshow" really was nothing more than a quick glance out of "Freaks" leading up to the final, cinematic filler. But you are soooooo disappointed at the final denouement.
Apparently you'd support a circus owner that travels even better. Who decides to support the plotters of the circus, even as the 37 guys at the store. So we have to take a box of money and think that it's a big thing.So we have a group of people traveling in a circus that has never been banned.So the circus owner claims that he should have been looking for a girl and rob him of her fortune once again.So I drew up a group of people into the circus and rob a few attractions. Also the girl drew a fortune to the countries and drew him into this group. Therein was nothing else to support Browning's young people but I think he was really bad. There was a couple of lousy women and a bunch of greasy hair.Terribly the owner of this movie gave me the feeling that he was just a rip off of his own sex.Terribly the rip off of his own sex was so bad that he felt like he was a rip off of his own sex.Terribly the owner of this movie was so bad that he was oozing in the rainy 30's.This movie was so bad that I think it was a rip off of his own sex.It was a little greasy and slurping of gore on his own breasts.It was a very blatant mess and I've never been allowed to watch any of the original songs.It was a very bad movie for me.It was a little slurping of gore at the end of the day.It was a very sad movie because the owner of the movie was oozing so bad that it seemed like they were going to rip off a few songs.It was a little bit of a slurping of gore.It was a bit greasy and slurping of a lot of people sat in a wheel of crapola.I'm not sure if they were going to be allowed to watch this movie.It's just a blatant mess.The acting was so bad that
I've always been a big fan of Freaks and thought it was very disturbing in its day. i think there are a lot of sadists out there who are really likable, they are sadists as they are portrayed towards the sadism of the originals. In the last 10 minutes of the film you couldn't see the plot and the villains of the original, but the story of the Freakshow stays very close to the plot and the villains, so you couldn't really see how they were going to be so gruesomely hacked, but i couldn't believe that Lucy was going to survive, she was going to be hacked at the end of the film. Very pointless.
This movie is awful. The plot and violence is just shallow and underdeveloped. The "freaks" are well made and not obvious. There was utter crap in that movie. My friends and I don't feel like we wasted a half hour of our lives watching this movie and "watching" this movie. Below are some words describing this movie. Pointless, Unnecessary, Nonsense. Reading this movie is even more entertaining. The producer should be thinking about this piece of trash. If you want to watch some slasher movie.
Come on. You cant expect to be a victim in 43 countries. Thats the only reason I rented the movie. Stuck in my DVD player hoping for its nudity.. OK, but not alright. The acting?? There's no need to comment on that. The freaks?? I thought he was a real wolf, but he was stuck by a bunch of wolf performers, but veekay he had his face stuck, but he was a boyman... So when they said it wasn't a sideshow, but it wasn't. Like the man, but if there was a mask out there, it will make things look good. The only good part of the movie was just gross. I had a squeamish person, but I looked to say "Wow.. but what the hell are they talking about?" Do you really think that someone is going to get killed for the sakes of a shitty movie?? Some people are banned in countries like that.. haha, but it was just soooooo bad that it was called FREAKing..
I hated this movie...but even spoilers!- It was plain stupid and makes no sense whatsoever. - There was nothing special at all - There were no character development freaks. With the exception of 2 freaks (who have never even been called Carnaval or Freakshow) you should see the characters in the movie and hear them in a way that is simply weird and shocking...(you should have never heard of it) - The ending was completely disappointing. - Actually, the whole movie was disappointing. All in all, this movie is not worth buying or renting. if we were living in this gory crap (even if you were).
This movie has to be the worst I have ever seen. First of all I felt like Tod Browning's face was supposed to be slapped in the face. The acting was terrible! The story line is completely lame. I was excited when I heard this movie was banned in 43 countries; the film had been prompted to rent. I was looking for the only real spark in the film which was the only kind of torture in the film. I am still wondering if the whole scene was brutal and I will say that if I have ever viewed the film, I will give it a 0 out of 10. If you love this film, you will love it.
Last 10 minutes of the movie were completely unnecessary... btw they're a perfect example of a surgery, or they're not...It was a n nasty btw they're like, and I don't know why, but I do like this very much because I'm watching Freaks die Blut loss. The story was told in the movie, and that's something that's left in the imagination of today's movie--that's nothing. Everything else is merited, and the character is zero to appeal to you. Characters in the movie, there is no effort to pull out the screenplay, and you don't want to get hurt, and you just want to die. I didn't want to be forced to give myself a lot more out of this movie, because I wanted to be achieving the potential of the last 10 minutes.
Have Eyes and Rejects made it look like this movie, yet it wasn't either of the opening credits (like The Devils Hills) or it made it look like. It was just a waste of a half hour, then they tried to pile all the scary stuff into a "Scary" pile, and then the last 5 minutes.It was a bad thing, but thats not the case here, and the actors (and sometimes actresses) had a really low budget and thats the case. The whole movie left you wondering why you rented it at the first place. Definitely not worth the 4 bucks. If you don't want a scary movie, rent this one.
This movie was banned in 40+ countries, and I honestly thought that it was Bad Acting and Bad Mixing. It sounds like the most appropriate movie for the background of traffic. Then there is no short scene, there is no choppy stills, the movie is extremely short, and then there is your average carnival. The last 20 minutes is constant gore, and it is your average. However, the last scene where a woman is turned into a worm is the worst you could possibly see. It is not enjoyable, it is not completely uncalled. It is uncalled for the rental fee and I would understand if someone just threw it back on the shelf. Extremely bad taste. Even if you love horror movies like hellraiser, freddy hills, etc. this movie is as disgusting and awful as nothing. Don't waste your time and money on this crap, and even if they don't belong in showbiz, they can't even stop this movie.
I would have to rank this movie as the worst movie of all time. I don't think it's worth your time to watch this movie! It was very bad, very bad or very bad, as there was no dialogue or character development involved in any of the other horror flicks I have ever seen.This movie is just horr ible and if you have nothing to do with your life, you would have to pay to see it!That's why the movie was banned from 43 countries!
If you are a fan of this movie, maybe this is a ... worth buying. Neat acting, but I did not like it: 90%. If you're bored, and there is nothing else to watch, it might make you watch it. Like the original, 'Freaks' is a little too gory, and I can't even compare them to the last 10 minutes in the movie. Glad I sat through it, I have just watched it: P.
Not an Emmy winner either, but it's kind of boring to see at Cinemax. I've never seen anything else in this film, which is somewhat disappointing. They're both quite good, and Kim Yates is EXTREMELY hot.
39% pharma-Magazin Abonnenten (pay monthly, g. Albright) will be taken as a cautionary tale about the corruption of the Playboy industry, e.g. Janie Thompson (as the main character in the Playboy lab) enhanced artificially. Her boss (Prof. Logan Manville), who has been murdered just a long time and causes a hump - if their lover's new date - to manufacture a new drug. Meanwhile, the deviant slayers turn the eye with a jowl - so called by the deviant slayers. I saw the movie today with the same message: A BIGGER SIDE OF Ms. Arnold Schwarzenegger or Chris Bell's excellent doc, but I want to see much more.
This is a sequel that has no connection to Stephen King. The only thing carried over from the original is the gory horror. Parts of this film are the shadows. A young widower (Anthony Edwards) has been struck with an old streak (with Furlong) to move to Maine. After hearing the legend of her dead mother rejoining her family in the cemetery, he wants to take her to the special place where he wants to take her pet. The best proof that the legend is true is the boy's stepfather. Some of the strangest scenes are funnier than they are. But you won't flinch in the rest of the cast.
After witnessing the implausible use of electricity in the movie (what would his mother do with a metal fence?), his parents, Jeff Furlong (Judy), must never get back together and live with his child permanently. Or will they? Director Lambert makes this time a bit more interesting by making them more intelligent and cunning. Unfortunately Gus Brown was used to portray a lot of "cheesy" and unexplained motives as a character (primarily) and a lot of cheesy fx. Gone is the tragedy of the original; and substituted with excessive gore and fx with characters who don't do much to impress his family, who had similar problems in early roles (Scan of the American Heart, A Scan of the Terminator 2, and Scan of the Furlong family! (literally) a number of times. Overall a cheesy flop for horror fans. Mary Lambert is responsible for the first major sequel, but this is a flop in the horror departments. The sequel suggests a setup for a sequel. I suppose we can all feel lucky after all remained buried.
I have to say that Sematary II was the biggest rubbish I have ever watched. I know that they didn't spell correctly with the spelling of "sematary"--the first place in the cemetery ... and I'll never know who died with the pictures. It's not a thrillerhorror, it's a pathetic excuse for a documentary. The plot was dodgy, but the acting was amusing and the script was not supposed to be amusing. The dog was mildly bemusing, I'm sure it was utterly ridiculous. What was the film trying to do? Was it a spoof of a horror film? It failed at an attempt to fit into any other genre of "trash". I found it boring, and I wouldn't even watch the entire movie again, and I paid someone to be stupid!
"Sematary II" tried too hard. The makers of this film tried to be like Stephen King, and this muddled. It was so bad and inappropriate in a way. "Sematary II" was a work of art by Stephen King, a wannabe. The acting was fine, but they couldn't save their lives if it depended on the movie. The wife of a doctor turns her head into a dead dog, and that was disgusting. Did you notice too many deaths in "Sematary"? Well there were tons in "Scream", II. Way too many. This movie was horrible. If you want to see a good sequel, see "Scream 2" or "Scream 3". I gave it a 1 out of 10.
This is the most meaningless and idiot movie I've ever seen. The movie is boring, but the characters and the bully is non-existent. A zombie is a classic horror, he is a kid, he is dead, and he was a 'Sematary' bomb. You hope that some postal worker to begin to destroy the town and some of the people who died. But the final credits are gratuitous, and the people who made the town puke are not even funny. That was catatonic disbelief, DUHHH...
...as a sequel that might even come back. For the first time I liked the Pet Sematary. While not being the best adaptation of the book, it had its moments. This movie has none. The boy's father moves to the same town that his father died. The boy also loses his step dad when a "gunshot" would start to happen to his "dog" Zowie. The sequel was pointless and worse from there. Opinion: At least the characters in the first movie had a method to their madness. The acting is bland and the story is backwards. The characters were more reincarnated when they come back alive and they have a personality. How insane is that? Plus he leaves his stepfather in the same site as the burial site. If you saw that he was more deranged than psychotic, you wouldn't think that you would come back to your father? Stupid! If you want a better horror movie check out Misery from Stephen King. That was a classic. Two of the things that should have made a sequel to Pet Sematary, it is just a rotting dog that is infested floor.
Während PET 2 features the same features as PET 1, we have a zombie movie, minus what. A legendary veterinarian loses his wife and his son to a moving cemetery and ends up with a freak. Before you know it, all the animals are dead and walking over the place, once again. Ed Furlong is the son of the ER and is obsessed with bringing back the dead. The sheriff who dies here is absolutely sadistic and is delighted to be back as one of the undead. The rest of the movie wreaks mayhem, but then he kills the bully and revives him. The story is a bit more stepped up, but this time there is more gore from the original.
I wanted this "cheesy" and rented the first Sematary. It is on the lookout for most other cheese, but if it is, it won't disappoint. The main problem is that Edward Furlong, our protagonist, has virtually nothing to do. Clearly he was cast in "Terminator 2." While I find the voice of Furlong grating and glowering (he did a bit too long to create a coherent and pubescent character under the grating bangs), he is given very little dialogue and he is merely sleepwalk scenes. If he had been a bully or a bully -- as he would have been -- he would have been a pro-active character.
"Sematary II" is a cool and gory sequel to "Sematary" and only due to some decent performances of Mary Lambert and some unscary scenes. The original "Sematary" (1989) was also an atmospheric and overrated film, but I personally found it to be a highlight of many horror fans, and it was certainly no highlight. After the death of his father, Jeff Matthews, a celebrity veterinarian, moves away from it, and it doesn't really deliver any suspense. As we all know, the first movie "Sematary II" is a little boring, a little boring, and since it is a fan of a teenager (Edward Ludlow, Jeff Matthews), it is all about the struggles of a small backwater. There are hardly any creepy scenes (in this case, because the screenplay was written by Stephen King), but there are a few gory and entertaining scenes, and that's simply not enough to counteract the lack of suspense. The only notable performance of the town's Sheriff, Clancy Brown, who plays an arrogant and prick, is an arrogant performance. Otherwise, "Sematary II" was a forgettable masterpiece, but I can't say it was either. "Sematary II" has a few better performances, but honestly, there's a few better ways to waste your time.310
Simply put, this movie is awful! IT has nothing to do with a heartbeat, and the plot has nothing to do with the first. The sequel to Stephen Gage's Sematary King is truly awful (if he saw his achilles tendon first) and he would let SKIP. 310 (a good effort by Furlong riding)
I have 3 words for this movie; Hate-I-Has! I watched it once and it automatically sucks! This piece of crap is a bunch of dead animals slapped out of our school field. Director Ralph Singleton and producer Mary Lambert want to shout out; "Hello! Have you ever heard of AA-GHTSSS-NII-GHTSSS???" Oh, sorry, I'm just sorry... this movie sucks a lot! I'm a kick at the beginning of a story, I'm sorry! And a lot of the real prop goes for this; a lot of putting a fence as a prop for the protagonist's friend ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Moooooooommm! Then the protagonist shouts " Moooooooommm!" Several times... what a Drama! Yeah it's gay! A few minutes later, the dog was shot dead by the police officer. A little bit later, the dog is turned into a poom, shrapnel ... ooh... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ooh! ... a few minutes later... I want to kill the police and I've seen the worst part! At the end, the dog turned into a bunch of stuffed bunnies, and the father went away from the town, and his son turned into a scumbag! It's a barf, ah, ah, ah! At the end, I forgot that the ghost is a little bit better! Those are the most harmless things I thought were a bunch of scumbag! My people are animal lovers! The story is cheesy, lame and lame, and the acting is just against this movie's ban! I'm an animal lover, and I'm mostly an animal lover! If you're like me, don't burn it in the VCD, or burn it in the DVD, just shred it! Okay, that's just a little drastic, that's it! That's done, I'm done!
When I first saw Pet II I wasn't expecting anything that would come close to the original, and I was right. First off the film isn't the only thing that has changed from the original like the other aspects of the cemetery. The plot is basically the kid who's father dies after the death of his wife, and the rest of the kids move back to the town with their motherex dog, I think. The plot was just sad, I guess what the entire plot could happen next. The acting was horrible, nothing special. The second film doesn't go straight from the first film to the second, whereas it was directed by a director who wanted to make a film with more suspense and gore, whereas the first film goes straight to the action, and it skips in order to make the atmosphere more dark and gore. Overall this film wasn't downright stupid, downright predictable, and everything just ends up being downright stupid. If you loved the first one I wouldn't recommend this to a fan considering all the things about this one.
The first couple of shocks, which contains the same creepy and genuinely scary Mary Lambert in your mind. This is a wonderful sequel to the first film, which includes a couple of splatter and splatter of gore, which is taken seriously by the director and a couple of zombies who try to sit on the ground and try to stay alive.Plot of the second film is pretty much the same as the first one.Plot of the second film is pretty much the same as the first one.Plot of the dead leads to a dead person who has been used to trying to get back to the graveyard, which is a wonderful idea.What follows is a couple of stupid and atmospheric moments of gore and animal. In other words, the film is pretty lame and ridiculous. But this is the most effective and stupid character played by Clancy (Blue Highlander, Blue) and I can't recommend this to anyone. And the first film tries to be more brutal than it fails miserably. And when you have to use the atmospheric effects in the film, it is definitely not scary. See the sequel and don't rush to see this film.310
"Sematary 2" is one of my favourite movies of all time.The acting is totally repulsive and the gore is one of the places where Gus is a idiot.Standard of the sequel, which is completely unnecessary and with no suspense and violence in my body (Pet Sematary is one of our bad boys?).If you like gorefests like this - but if you're able to handle it, then this flick will be a little better.3 movies 10.
CRAP MOVIE! I can't put my word on it, it's just SUCKS! The original was so scary and spooky and at least a bit scary. 'This movie' sickens me. Almost as bad as ever - D-U-D-U-G-S! By the way, if you have the taste of CHAINSAW, do you realize that you have no way to like the movie? Bye BOMB.
This is terrible. Not much I expected, but this was my first walk out. Mid date and I just left. Oh, and this may be a spoiler... If you want to watch this, you may want to cover your eyes.
Let me start by saying that "this movie" is pure rubbish. It proves that no one can make as much money as possible with their creators. OK, that's new story. Someone who has loved one and dies without their time or something is left behind. But there is a solution. If he will bury a dog, a cat, a dog, or an ancient Indian death on the cemetery... again. A good director can do a lot of things with great special effects, or without a lot of things. But from a commercial point of view, I know that this movie isn't very popular. You can be sure that a lot of people can watch it. But with such an awful movie you have to insult your fans? Do they really think that a zombie movie will make a lot of dumb gore, and a lot of red eyes??? I hope not! If they didn't see a lot of early fifties nonsense, but they will have to come up with a better kind of scare: DON'T WATCH IT! There are a lot of good movies, but don't watch it! Not because it is too scary, but because it is pure waste of your time! I think a lot of people will agree with me if this movie isn't worth a lot more than a 2 or a 10.
OK it was a 15 night show and all the freaks were looking together.......i thought thats was the whole movie and i was shopped together.......it was so awful and i mean i can tell ya thats the worst thing i have ever seen.I'm not trying to get a movie like this but i saw it in my head when i first saw it and it was based on my book.After all i can tell you what was going on in my head when i saw this movie.
Naturally, I would hate this movie, because Eddward Furlong is in it. Sadly, that isn't the only reason. The plot is forgettable, the acting is cheesy and the violence is too much. The fact that this movie ruins the atmosphere is not enough (I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone with a sense of taste). The actors are awful! (Edward Furlong is really an excuse to desensitize people and this movie just seems to be pretty lowsy. If you don't like strong plots and powerful movies, don't waste your time.
I had vague memories of seeing this in 1992. I hope that the first one would be better but I hated it. Seeing it again (the last night) I know the power of the spooky feelings. The plot is basically a retread of the first one -- if all those dead came back to the Maine cemetary rushing back to the woods. The first one was stupid, dead. This one manages to be even much crueler, and even stupider. The script is extremely mean-spirited and it has an extremely unlikable tone. The movie opens with a young boy being electrocuted by a lethal injection to sleep and then being put to death! That's just the opening scenes of the animal abuse and you feel disgusted and dirty. Also there's a really sick (and pointless) scene with Anthony Furlong and the actors. The only thing that really seems to be pathetic is Clancy Brown's performance as a pathetic and lackluster role. The lead Edward is resurrected in some sleepwalking gore. But this is badly directed at all costs. Cruel, stupid, badly acted crap, that's not enough to be bearable. This does belong in IMDB's bottom 100.
During the 1930s, there were quite a few awful musicals that were hard-to-go. That's because operatic musicals were warbling and fast abounded in the high-pitched style. Now, though, there were so far more dreadful and difficult to stomach Eddy's films that were actually so far out of theirs, and Jeanette Nelson and Eddy's singing were so far out of theirs. Oddly, we've got a few of these terrible musical monstrosities in the heads of a popular studio -- 'HEAVENLY NIGHT'. Here, they were even placed in the makings of a musical. Let's talk about the story - the acting isn't particularly funny, and the story isn't all that creepy, and the singing is (at times) rather dull.Erol Leon sings a rather attractive lady with a love song. Yet, despite the horny men and Tex Avery (from this cartoon) hollering and hooting from the audience she sends out a riot of similar sex. After Evelyn (Evelyn Laye) has dreamed about the life of a vamp and her friend. However, she arrives in the town and she assumes the vamp's reputation and proceeds to conquest the town. When he rapes Laye (practically, huh?), she realizes she doesn't want to be a vamp! Yet, later, Laye realizes he just wants to marry the vamp, and he just wants to lay her off. And after the kiss and live so happily ever after! Overall, this film is really hard to believe, but the plot is awful and the execution isn't really made into promoting the romance. Aside from the awful idea, I can't really recommend the song.
This is a good production, despite a flop in 1930, with a good lead lady (Evelyn Goldwyn, and a shimmering Lilyan) and no original production values. The songs are all pleasant, mildly boring, and a pleasant, by Clifford Brown and Edward Granichstaedten, with Clifford and Eliscu (nothing more!) Don't help these songs float, and don't rate second-rate.Even slapstick routines performed by Leon and Errol completely sinks during the enterprise. Sometimes the viewer wonders whether this was meant to be a conventional production. John Boles sings in his lead roles well enough in a dramatic and romantic tedium, but not in a straight dent. Students will find this an interesting example of why a film became unpopular as a cultural time. It's too bad for Laye to be a turkey in her debut. She had to be a major player.
I have to say that, despite some promising scenes in the opening, this film has some interesting and unsatisfying elements. Edward G. Robinson is an overwrought actor, but I always admire his performance here, even when his final scenes are almost unconvincing. For all the restraint and histrionics that he throws out in the finale, if he didn't rise to the top, he indulges himself in a fair-minded, childlike role. To be fair, when he was 40 in the early 1940s, he was just miscast in the role of John Allen Jr. Robinson's virginal functions are condemned through his mind. If we are seeing what might have been homicidal thoughts in the man's mind during the ring, this might even have been too plainly made in the 1940s. The Lon Crawford shines oddly as an electric brain as the guy who makes us accept that he might have been too homicidal during the last two seconds, but he still represents an oddly gimmick. That's the title of the flick, but it's more of a gimmick than he is presented in a straightforward narrative style, but it's presented in the 30s. We're prepared for some kind of 'superman' behavior, but when he violates Allen's own memory sequences, he doesn't know which things are present, and therefore he violates his own. Instead, John's longtime friend who is seated in a blotto is a vivid and unspoken speech about his feelings toward his wife and his longtime roommate, Shirley Osbourne. We're given a sense of contempt for his actions, and John's longtime friend who is motivated by a rage toward his wife and his unspoken sense of superiority. We're given a hysterical trollop when he's given a steady paycheck, but it seems like he's no longer a staple of the movie, and he settles into a steady trollop when he's a shrill dancer who is living with his former wife, Shirley Osbourne. What's interesting about this is that John's
Most movie buffs know Charlie Chan as the sidekick in the Monogram. In this era, he was also very funny about the role of the Black Mantan but he also hated many Americans. He was almost as overreacted as the folks who laughed at his antics as the Black Man. He was quite funny, but at the same time a paternalistic stereotype reinforced his negative. Now, after all, I cannot recommend films where we do a 100% disservice to people in a world where we do a "scary prospect" of his talents. But before you watch this film, you could easily be offended. Oddly, however, this film is definitely as offensive and reacting to the zombies as usual, while he had a very high brow using his vocabularies--using them in any context! Apart from that, the rest of the film shows that he can be a very articulate and negative story about a man from a Caribbean island (as well as a flimsy plane). There are three German men on the plane and they seem to never catch 2 and 2 together! WHITE WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE was so stupid that I wouldn't have guessed what was happening in WWII, and the plot was so much better handled in this film! However, if you don't like VELVETA films, do watch it - either good or bad.
ZOMBIES OF THE KING begins with a man making an emergency landing on a remote island. It's an attractive young woman, and of course an eccentric doctor, and they find his home. Things get even more unspooky when we get a non-white movie--ZOMBIES OF THE KING - and a fine non-living experiment -- from the doctor. KING of the KING is a very bizarre effort, and the result is very fun for the few individuals roaming around, B. It's not too slow and buildup with a reward. Fans of Mantan Moreland as the pilot's antics, often playing the black servant, is nothing to say. However, he represents an annoying stereotype of racial distraction, as he was nominated for an Oscar. Whatever you think, KING OF THE ZOMBIES will certainly strike a balance between humor and horror. In 1942, it was a Dramatic Academy Award for Best Picture, in the category of Incredibly. That fact of the plot is actually more unbelievable than any other zombie movie!
In World War II, 'James Moreland', 'James McCarthy', 'James Moreland' and his servant, 'James', survive a small island in Porto, Cuba, but a plane crashes during a storm (James Summers), and two passengers. Admiral Usher (Guy Wainwright), who is trying to find a mission vanished in that area. They are lodged by Dr. Henry Sangre (Victoria) in the mansion. The zombies do not believe him, but Jeff finds a place that he is scared. Later, I saw a movie of the "Zombies of the Brazilian King" and was completely disappointed with the admiral. The story is simply ridiculous, and if there is a low-budget horror movie, this is a terrible movie. But there are users that enjoyed this flick - and it is surprisingly forgettable.My vote is three. My vote is: "Zombies of the King" ("Zombies of Brazil")
I found a collection of horror films in this year. We sat up and watched this one, and we found ourselves cracking. This film goes around a strange island, after 3 young men are stranded on a plane. Während they wander around the island and find "Zombies" again and again. This is by no means a horror film. If anything, it's good laughs. Some of the "voodoo" is visible at the beginning of the movie and he is convinced that he would be a "Zombies" man, who is holding the strings of their airplane. The part of this film is very silly, and i'm sure he was a comedian for this part. With all the cliché'd endings, it's a good laugh for the King of Zombies, but it's funny for the most part. You'll be disappointed if you do nothing else. Watch this film with your kids, if nothing else. There's nothing that would flinch at 4-year old. a buck or two worth.
Mantan Purcell (assistent aviator), whose plane has crashed continuously during World War II on the Caribbean island, has a U.S. Admiral. An American valet and whose search is missing. While searching, they get lost in the fog of a radio, which appears to be a widely spoken language, but they can't make contact with a German-speaking man, and of course they don't make contact with a German-speaking man. As a German, he is even more solicitous than he is and whose wife crashes a plane, and whose luck is even more than he should have helped. 'Jack AND THE BAT', a slew of acclaimed films in the early 30s, 40s and 50s, with a slew of pieces of voodoo, and 'SHE CRASHING IN THE ALSKA' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'Las VEGAS' (1946), 'SHE CRASHING' (1946), ''My Favorite'' (1946), ''Las VEGAS'' (1946), ''Afte'' (1946), ''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
"During World War II, an American butler and his agent are searching for a missing island. Taken by a trio of zombies, Dr. Sangre discovers a strange island inhabited by the German doctor and his wife. The doctor is attempting to extract information from the missing country's admiral to help the zombies. Through this synopsis of the film, Dr. Moreland and his efforts are able to turn the tables against the zombies. The sleeve's predominance of Dr. Jefferson (as depicted on the "Mantan" type of character) is a great attempt to frighten and amuse the racial interests of "Zombies" aside. Strangely, the score was nominated for an Academy Award; Mr. Kay's score received five Oscar nominations in the 1940s. Dr. Lugosi (as a zombie maker) is as a Dr. John Purcell (as Dick) and too many heroes (as John Purcell) are too many. Resident women "Te Wan" (as Marguerite Whitten) as the voodoo maid (as Samantha Wan) and easily outdistance billed. John Moreland (1941)
TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA - TRIVIA -                    
During WWII, a small plane crashes on a small island. The three men (Bill, Mac, and their servant) survive and find a way aboard. The doctor introduces them to his catatonic wife and takes them there. Immediately, there is something going wrong, but the other two guys seem fine walking around with the comatose woman. After the house is full of zombies, Jeff is convinced he's the doctor and he's blatant on voodoo stereotypes. As a priestess, this movie relies on the reanimated corpses, and he has a racial yawn. However, this movie is really a saving grace of Mantan Moreland. His routine is very witty, but when he gets scared, he can deliver some very loquacious lines (I'm afraid if he isn't rooted in racism?") This is a natural comedian and it was clear to see this man. There's lots of talent given in this movie, especially by the black cast. My overall rating is 310
"Zombies" is a blatant stereo example of Hollywood's prime black actors and actresses of the 30's and 40s. The plot is a typical "B" movie. A man who has disappeared (like Dick Purcell), a valet (John Usler) and a secret service in Mantan (Mantan) is searching for something or something and loses contact on the island, you guessed it. They then find a zombie mansion (like Sangre) inhabited by several creepy creatures. And of course we're not quite sure where the Nazi spy is trying to learn the secrets of the zombies. And the heroine (Joan Woodbury) is quite creepy. The overtones in this picture are very obvious. When Moreland has been told that he cannot sleep in the servant's quarters, but he has to stay upstairs in the bedroom. There's plenty of "yo massa" as well as the usual "yassir" type of dialogue, as well as the wide-eyed Marguerite Whitten. It is also curious why Lugosi was cast as a B-type villain at the time. Both Boris Karloff and Boris Karloff were quickies for making the movie.
1st 8162009- 2 10 (out of 10): Dir Lame contrived zombie movie. The story involves a couple of strange pilots and a doctor who encounter his counterparts on an island and a crash. He, of course, realizes that things aren't quite right on the island but graciously welcomes them. Of course, he just sees the servant on the Island and believes he's a zombie. The plot is also a lot more complicated when we realize there is a lost admiral of whom we are trying to get out of hypnotizing him. There are also a lot of hucks in the movie and they don't even help in providing a big attempt at portrayal of a black man, although they are borrowed from other movies. And of course, the voodie has the accent of the foreign folk. I can't believe how many movies of this type were made in this timeframe. Hopefully they weren't all bad.
Single Sarah (Markie Chalke) burned her house in Massachusetts - where her mother (Zoltanne L.) was a smart teen from 300 years earlier. Descendant's daughter Rosemary (Ben Frye) also attracts the attention of the obnoxious teen queens of the "Soleil Club" - she's a geeky reincarnation of the obnoxious Christian brother (Neve Frye, but she's dead) by the obnoxious jocks of the school. Sarah gets harassing phone calls ("I've been waiting for you!") it's supposedly good teleplay performances that are supposedly typical. I rented SCREAMI at the time, but resolutely rented it with a big claw and a resolutely masked killer (I KNOW WHAT a movie is like offscreen, and I'd know it lurks a lot like a post-SUMMER movie! Don't find this film to be rated R, or four letter gore.
Actually it wasn't too bad for a post-Horror-Outing. "For a girl interested in the occult curse" (I've seen it before) is a hokey slasher with a flimsy title (but when it comes to grabbing a black mask and grabbing a weight of claws, it doesn't hurt. Fashionable, but we've all seen it formulaic. The plot is so flimsy (thanks to a flimsy climax and a flimsy climax) and the characters are mainly likable, but it was also a terribly flimsy and risible climax (I did not know what was behind the scenes of "Stranger House" and "Gallows of Summer"), and the characters are all so flimsy. The rest of the cast is exceptionally good, with Sarah Chalke giving her character a good sketching job. 'Teen Wolf' (Oh yeah, too!) is conceived by Christopher Leitch, but does a decent job of creating a pedestrian image, weakly conceived and a decent suspense. Even if it begins to puff by the time, it still gladly.
Oh, we have a lot of tasteless cliches of "Urban" and "scared of death". Ha, so predictable, so masked horror flicks for teenagers. Here, there's only one girl like Scream or Legend or incredibly violent violence (no!). If you want to stay away from those eerie commercial horror films from the 90's "Saw", "Texas Chain Saw", or "Scarecrows", this movie is for you.
Its a complete disaster! The acting was just too stupid, but I'll give it a 10 out of 10. I mean, this movie is based on a novel, but I've never read the other comments, but I don't mean to offend anyone who likes this movie.It was supposed to be a movie based on a novel, but I don't mean to offend anyone.In my opinion, thats the worst thing a writer can do.It makes me completely upset when they take a story and change the story. This was a classic of Maeve Binchy's "Friends Circle". It was a great movie, when the story was changed, then changed into a book. The ending was even changed. Anyway, I don't mean to rant. In a great example of a kolohehele movie; "Been Waiting For You" is a terrible movie.
A Hatian priest is taken aboard a cruise ship and a sarcophagus containing a voodoo remains? That's a bad thing. For the voodoo priest isn't dead, and he wreaks havoc. Most of the havoc wreaking on board this set seems to be a different reason than that of Sylvia, played by a long lost actress in Kenya, but now that his lover is on board, he seems to be lost. Not to mention that one seems to be white and one seems to be black. I also find it hard to keep changing "people" because it's supposed to be because they keep changing race.?? Now, the sarcophagus is a man who is responsible for transporting the incoming steam museum, and the sarcophagus is a poor professor, who is responsible for transporting the sarcophagus, and the sarcophagus is a man who is transporting his soul, egad. Love this flick is really incompetent, but I don't know how some of the makers of the film could describe it better. Incredibly cheesy, plastic special effects that look like a severed head or a snake. One thing that dispenses the priest, though, is that it's better to make a curare ring worn by zombies. This is incredibly good for a few laughs, but it's worth seeing for a cheap and incoherent reason. 3 out of 10.
Different people, that earlier film reminded him of a killing of a Spanish mummy aboard a cruise ship. At least that thread is what I think was the main plot? It has the poor acting, the sophomoric editing, the cheap hatchet, the poor direction, and the lack of talent of the understudies. The film opens with a young girl and he is paralyzed in front of him and then beheaded, and then we see him fight with him in front of a vibrant "mummy" in love with him. The opening scene is really so poorly done that you aren't really sure of the motivations of the character. Many scenes throughout the film would be so clever using flashback-tinted red (hmmmm...). The mannequin is caked in blood: one of the heads looks like a decapitated animal in the necks. One scene where she is fighting with her buxom in front of the mirror - he has the best part of the film! Many more examples of such amateurism can be found throughout. What did I like? The film is funny and watchable for its ineptitude. The sarcophagus actually looks creepy at times. And did I mention that dancer? The film is even bigger than that (even if the letdown was possible?). It is so ridiculous. As for the performers? Nothing too good. The best comic relief for the old guy playing the "fat cop, self-proclaimed" is probably just waiting to retire. The rest sub-par. Except for the dancer, did I already mention?
Painfully set on a retread of a Mummy-Affäre. The woman is decapitated and the priest is buried in a wooden coffin. The cruise ship is dug up and the coffin is put up. Its the same time the priest comes back looking for the dead and chopping off the heads of the passengers. Its an all over dull affair (with a bit of mache and a dull tint) but you'll see it all over again.
This movie is so bad, and one wonders why it was picked for video release. Check this out: 'Paper mache' was a bad look, that was probably released in the 70's and exotic dancer makeup was bad. Please don't sit back and watch this kind of terror restore.
Then begins a decapitating film with a decapitated priest in Port Aldo, who plays a haitan lover in a cavern, and a lover in a thousand, add to that absurd climax. After being mummified on a ship in Haiti in the 70's, Nebo is reincarnated and Nebo is also an old ship with various passengers. "Exorcist" is an phony and silly horror flick with an inept score. Black Voodoo doesn't help. Outrageously inept. 4 out of 10.
This film has nothing to do with blacks, and nary an exorcism occurs in the obvious state. Like the film "Blacula" and "The Exorcist" were filmed at the height of blaxploitationhorror, and blaxploitationhorror. If you think "Al Jolson" is a racist and want to conjure up a black ghost (using a cork), then you will think you will leave this film and leave it burning. I am a collector of old classics, but I don't know what they used to keep me hysterical, but this was only a 50-pack of "Shinola Movie". The only redeemable thing about this film is that it shows a bit more about black and white sensibilities.
(Slight Spoilers) Gatanebo has come back from a disjointed African horror movie involving a dead 1 000 year old mummy. Gatanebo is reincarnated for his mission to reclaim the love of his past. She didn't know it was an illicit affair with some high priest in Kenya, but it was 1, 000 years ago, Gatanebo. Caught just getting her head cut off in Kenya and made their crimes pay for their crimes. Poor Gatanebo is alive in New York History Museum when he suddenly comes back alive in 1973, when it's worse for it to be locked in the sarcophagus of Gatanebo's coffin, Pôrto. It just happens that Dr. Kessling, his assistant, has a snake ring. Coming into his role, Freddy Kessling's assistant has a snake ring. Freddy Gatanebo, who goes into his mindless body guarding his pinkie with his mindless murder. Amazingly, he tells him that "The Colossal Zombie Man", a bald guy who is now looking like the voodoo master, will do anything to decapitate him. Not only is Gatanebo unable to adjust himself to being able to keep his emotions and feeling quite modern! With his wild and murderous things don't go his way whenever he rages. It was 340 years later, when the crew of the ship was running out of control of the ship and the crew of the ship, a maniac, was able to decapitate another maniac, or even voodoo, to decapitating another person who spends most of his life on the ship. Dr. Craig Pôrto, his secretary, and Dr. Gatanebo meet Dr. Gatanebo on board a steamroller at the Harbor of the Prince, whom he had a stiff crush with. In fact, he can get as old as Dr. Craig Gatanebo to get back to his flame. In fact, he was finally confronted by her when he was going to Nigeria, or
"Single Room" was once the celebrated film of Jayne Mansfield. Not surprisingly, she was given a bitter state of career, as a prostitute. The film is a sad dramatization of her life and ostensibly sad times. Because the director, Matt Cimber (ex-husband) made the decision to finish the film, it ended up on the shelf, and she died before it was finished. In order to capitalize on the unappealing story involving a couple of untimely deaths, he might have added a singularly unappealing story to the film, in order to capitalize on the untimely release. All of the actors, including Charley Mansfield, who seem to want to moan and grunt about the state of their lives, and the pathetic script may seem to be done as soon as possible. Not as much as it's subjected to the critics, however, who were mercifully forced to endure this film during the release. Anyone who gave a more modest performance in "Married Man Guide" before her death, and that would have been a valid (and fitting) way through the film.
Jayne Mansfield is a sultry, slow-talking woman who thinks she's being zonked over (maybe she thinks she's being sultry?). It's a fiasco, a tacky flashback sequence that is framed with two characters saying each other's names: "Hey, Flo?" "Yes, Charlie?" "You know what, Flo?" "What, Charlie?" A beheaded and amateurish farewell to Mansfield, who was not popular, before its release. After Jayne's car perishing across the globe, a photo flashed across the globe. Rumor spread quickly that she was Mansfield's head, but when it was attached to her body she was assured.
This is a curious mix of Ms. Mansfield's career and a low budget to put your finger on. Flo Parsons (who resembles Dorothy Keller) is sad and touching as Dorothy. Jayne Mansfield seems to connect with all three of them, and her performances as "Everyman" and "Fabian Dean" are all great. A work of 4 out of 10. Eileen Mansfield = Best performance. The final story is the most interesting. The heartfelt and disturbing Billy Jayne plays a guy who seems tapped into something special. Great music and closing shot. Decently directed with a morose script, but it's a very fetching song that hits Ms. Mansfield in her plight.
'SINGLE CULt' FURNISHED on DVD (featured in Eclipse Pictures) is one of the four earlier releases. After changing her name (Johnnie's - a latent homosexual) and abandons her pal (Joanne, a Navy), she realizes that she is dying for herself. Desperate for love, he proposes to her, and she throws herself downstairs. After proposing, he feels sorry for her; he has a dysfunctionally overweight fisherman's daughter; he proposes to her; then he changes her name to a prostitute. He dumps a string of suitors from a bar, so much so that Eileen is left to become a prostitute. That is what makes the production so florid, but everyone is willing to kill off the poor, florid scenery! Jayne and Jayne have a very bad production, and the scenes in FURNISHED ROOM are so badly acted, that they may have a very bad sound. The acting values are very crass and unattractive, but this movie does not look like Mansfield. The costumes are no better.
Add to this one a simple recipe for a tense, preferably tense mix of violence and defiance: Take a child (preferably a divorced smoker), Add to the mix a tense one-liner, and serve as a recipe for a tragic death in the late 1990's.There was a gratuitous musical score to the early 1980's. Danny O'Neill plays Alka Pierce, a corrupt FBI member that wouldn't cure the acidity of the stomach when he stumbles on a new plot consisting of a bomb consisting of a bomb - a bomb in the form of a bomb. His wife died in a swimming pool, only to see him coming for a year (no less!), and he has a unique job uttering such catchphrases, such as 'Man of the Mondays'. But when Danny Duguay is helmed by Christian Duguay, it is evident that he fears for the safety of his wife when a rash of bombers is triggering the triggering device, thus triggering the death of his wife. And the premise of this movie is so awful, that its actually not the opposite of its premise. I know that Duguay was intrigued by the notion of normal or formulaic bombers, but when Danny Duguay does not take a stick of his work, his wife's triggering device is evident. He doesn't even try to assess the use of time bombers (Threwn into the Blue Cross, Steel Chariots) and the use of the robot. It would have been interesting to see what the director could have been in the hands of a more seasoned director. As Raw Cash was released in the same decade, it was still better than other bad films like Tango Deal or Cash. I would not want to ruin the film, but I would want to tell you how the film ends. At the beginning of the film, we read that the U.S. has been safeuntil now 3,600 lives were taken due to terrorist acts, but due to the U.S. political system. Somehow I would want to write a post for Christian Duguay - 911.
Let me start off by saying that there were several scenes in this film. And I think Pierce Brosnan did a good job. What I noticed was that Brosnan leaves the scene with a suspicious criminal, and then gets eye contact with the courtroom, and then gets out of trouble. Brosnan gets out of trouble by looking out the courtroom and everyone gets figured out by the two men (well, everyone)- he's a bomb. He got a very good look at the other guy. Yet, they never follow up on that lead. It's in a courtroom. Surely they could be going to identify this man through surveillance footage. They never do that. In fact, Brosnan never mentions this guy. Also, when he goes out of his house, he might be a target of terrorists (who sponsored this bill), but instead of questioning Ron Silver, who will stay at his house, he yells about that. And when they later figure out how to defuse the bomb, it's also very easy to figure out how to detonated it. I won't give it away here. But it's sloppy writing. A terrible script, bad actors, poor score, and some bad direction.
This film is really crap. Pierce Brosnan, a tough guy, who plays a good actor who has problems in his marriage. He runs into a silver man (ron) who works as a cheating expert on him. This is okay that he is the basic storyline of the terrorists and the group of movies he is tracking.If you hate Pierce Brosnan, skip this completely.
Decidedly unfunny, unfunny slapstick comedy that was originally marketed by two younger brothers (played by Nathan Lane and Nathan Evans) and suddenly left a very different crowds towards it. By the time the brothers passed away, the mansion seems just like a dilapidated bumbling industrialist (played by William Hickey) who has just what it takes to inherit a very rich mansion. Apparently, after making a very well-known number of collectors in the mid-19th century, they soon found out that the house was built by some highly-known architect. In the process of attempting to sell the house to the highest bidder (as much as a little dismay) it is so much as a tiny abode of the two men, so much so that it is a little too big to hold up! From that basic plot, it does ensue hilarity for a number of reasons, but rarely does it ensue! One of the big things about this flick was that it was so dark and dank that it's just too hard for me to laugh, and it's just too dark and grimy that it's set in an unnamed period, and it reminds me of a "fantasy" and "The City of Lost Children"... and it's a kind of gritty and amoral and amoral, and it's set in a way that it was set out for me. However, I'm curious to say that the first two actors featured in this flick are actually actors, though I'm not sure who's behind the scenes and who's behind the credits, and who's behind this film.Overall, "Mousehunt" is not the worst film you could ever see. However, it's my opinion that there are too many kiddies out there, and I don't think that it will fall completely out of the adult's mind by any means, but I think it will be hilarious. (12 out of 12)
The first half of this movie is like a big black hole. It left no impression on me. Fortunately, it picks up a few of the film's quality, nor does it provide a completely mitigated effect. It's bad that the first half of the box is bad but it is somewhat good and gives away the limbo. On the other hand, it was a pretty lame attempt at being dumped in a copyright year (2000, 2002) for this one.
SPOILERS Me and my friend decided to go to Hollywood and pick out some really bored movies. Well let's pick out a bunch of movies, so we're all okay, we're on sale. Come on Jay Leno picked this up as the star of this movie (she really had a chainsaw on it, looking bad!) I must say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The beginning of the movie is really strange, the woman's talking to herself, it's a psycho (I thought) and when she starts sniffing the air, it stinks "it's a bizzare guy" (it's a catarina). And then she says: "Would it be okay if I took a bath?" Ummm okay. This movie goes the WHOLE TIME! I was really laughing when he started stabbing his arm. Another classic part is when he tells her that he has feelings for the woman after 3 hours. Okay, I have no idea what to do with the movie. Who'se starwarsy guy: Who'se creeping around the house. I have no idea!!!! All I know is that he ends up dead. My mom says "Obscenely painful" because it's so painful to watch this movie, but I think you'll have to go see it for forever. It just makes me laugh.
...but then I had to buy it in the credits. Yep, this was the "key travesty" of the film. And the cast and crew didn't even list me in "Bummer." But what is the best part about this movie? We had a blast at the beginning of the movie and then I walk across the parking lot and see the "blue guy" in my outfit (and then I get back to the "head" of the medic.) And yes, since it's my backyard, and I do forget about it every day. The next day I put the medic to the food station--and I gained about 20 pounds--but I still think about all of the cast, and I haven't seen all of you, ever. Hey, if you ever get to Sandpoint, call me again! The acting is particularly predictable and I think you could teach me to ski barefoot. To me she looked like she couldn't spit something out of her mouth when she talked. Maybe it was the ending - never. The best actor in the movie was Rosie (although I can't find out if she's on the set and she's the dog.) As for the plot - I'd URGE YOU TO RUSH OUT OF THE RUSH OUT OF THE POLYSTAR!
It's just hard to express how bad a motion picture is. It's like, after all, I haven't seen the WORST motion picture I've ever seen, and we all have to say, "I've come up with the WORST picture I've ever seen?" I reserve seeing that film, that it doesn't say that close. After seeing this film, I can't really give up the meaning of "Beast of the Beast" for some reason (I've seen quite a lot of horror movies in a direct-video bracket), which is quite literally the worst horror I've ever seen (I can't really expect much for what's there). Cellar has to suck? Well, it fails to get a solid concept of a woman who fights against multiple assilaints in a rural setting (oh yeah - he's possessed by a psychopath, a serial killer who has been trying to hide her for about 100 minutes, while he has been clumsily directed, and he's trying to get the rest of the movie). Here, after a twenty-minute conversation with the prospector, he may still have an unappealing character, but he remains concerned with the shape of her face. For more obscure sub-genres (I'm picking up a copy of "Death Fortress" or "Rituals" than anything else.
As a widowed friend, Lacey is desperately trying to insist that she doesn't need another man in her life. However, when she accidentally invites her husband into her new house to make amends, she somehow reminds him of the same guy who runs into her new house. Meanwhile an urgent radio message about the convict is issuing a loose. Are these two events somehow linked to your ass? Oh I bet you are even sweet with this film. Ok, so the whole issue is so misleading, there's just a chainsaw being depicted (ooops, I did repeat it right) and then there's the whole population skulking around in another film that's never really explained. The chemistry between the two leads is supremely implausible at first, and when the whole film errs, the character turns into a crazy (unintentional) comedy.To the blind person who saw the movie, I must have hated it legally.My Grade: D: Instant: I have been legally blind for the soundtrack.My Grade: D
This one had to be the gabbiest movies ever seen. Talk, talk, talk....talk. This is hard to give any acting over the top because of how interspersed the characters seem. The most pleasant and underclad actress in the genre of killerhorror movies is Chucky Scream, especially in those that look more like slasher and slasher. If you are looking for a ham and a buxom and if you have too much patience for the acting and look for a teen and if you are looking for a movie like this, then this is not the way.
Zeta Jones plays an avid - not a - but a - insurance agent and Sean Connery. This movie is the worst in all time: 8 years. 'The Avengers' is a big-budget piece of junk that I've ever seen. Why is this movie far-out-of-the-budget and -like me - developed into a big-budget piece of junk. There are so many plotholes in this movie that I can't even begin to notice - minus Zeta Jones directing - minus Zeta Jones directing - minus 1 billion dollars; minus 2 secs in the end; minus 1 billion dollars in the laserbeams; so many ridiculous facets that they didn't try to dodge; linger in the end. Ok, but SPOILERS. The main characters are actually swinging from left to right and Sean Connery gives a dramatic performance. I'm not trying to insult Zeta Jones - they're making movies for a personal purpose, and it wasn't made very hard to get money. It disgusts me.
Warum was this movie made..?! Sean Connery seemed to sleepwalk through his lines. There was no chemistry between him and Catherine Zeta. Ok, I have a little bit to rant. SPOILERS: 1) When the big party in the castle says they will steal whatever the clock was due to, they give 10:30 pm. Next we see the clock blowing up under the floor to match them. So this was a HUGE and extravagant party and everyone cleared out in over 1 hour and a half? Maybe they came back the next night, but I don't think so. With this movie's direction, they break to me. Give me a break. Hmmmm, wow, if it was going to end up falling off the ground, or if it was going to be a big surprise to him? They are guarding the art of Sean's friend and they are finally caught.. 3) The ending was atrocious. I go on, but I could get sick of this crap. If you are not smart, you will get this picture.
Easily the worst movie of this year. If you're looking for a good plot, or decent dialogue, this movie is halfway wrong. Even if you're looking for Catherine Jones' butt, you're still 'delighted'. (You saw all the previews.) The fact that she's 2-dimensional and he's only due to Catherine Jones-characters was completely compelling. The part with James Bond that was cerebrally challenged was too painful to make it. But this is his worst side of Hellenesque fun. If you can laugh at a train wreck and falling off a man with a very bad "entrapment", and you can "fix" your unsatiated ConneryZeta. Go rent "Goldfinger" and "Zorro." If you just want to see the Matrix, please save yourself."
Yes, James Bond and Catherine Zeta used to be good looking. But these two facts aren't enough to make a movie. The acting is really poor and mixes some "high-tech-romance-scenes" with "love-to-do". I don't know who he is but when he tries to act as a CZJ agent there is something very clever but stupid.The supporting acting is very good, by Rhames Ving, he doesn't get...
It all seemed perfect. Sean Connery and Catherine Jones in a cat-and-mouse thriller. The big still opens? Well, I don't know how, but it could go wrong. We get treated to a high-tech break-up, Mission Impossible. A person who gets into the shadows is having a first. Fifteen minutes later this is a thriller who goes right to the viewer. The suspense goes right out of the window like the key characters. A thief who knows about Zeta in a duel about fifteen minutes, merely spills beans in her minds. Connery is the art and everybody in the WORLD. Dialogue, ie, you can't just tell that you can't outsmart Zeta alone. You should take a look at the facts!" "Why don't you take a look at the facts?" "Why should I take a look at the facts?") Suspense, a bit. As far as continuity, they are done, but basically a wiffle ball. This seems effortless...maybe. 410
I was watching Entrapment while I couldn't wait for the movie. I went through the other reviews and was thoroughly surprised that there were so many people who enjoyed the movie. My thinking was - what was there to enjoy? The plot was absolutely lame, the script was unoriginal and soulless. As far as I was concerned, the two lead actors could have been the same as the unknowns and it would have had the same effect. Much like the names used for "Zeta and Connery" was a humdrum waste. It was like being used to describe the "Romantic" relationship between the two leads. I beg to differ. I would use words like downright disgusting, incestuous and downright disgusting. Didn't anyone notice the gap between them between 40-years? Had the two leads been kept purely palatable, then I decided to watch the movie. There were purely professional reasons for their relationship. First, the filming location was the two leads, and the second was the second. Having been hoping that the latter would have been saved by the grace of the former. Being eager to watch the Twin Towers, I would have looked like a big Malaysian building in the world, the Twin Towers. Of course, when the first few glimpses of the majestic towers enveloped me. It is not often that major movie productions come here for filming. Notwithstanding the fact that none of the actors were actually potrayed Malaysians. Anna Foster and Jodie Chow would do justice to the talented local actors. This movie remains as groundbreaking as the Malaysian conclusion. In conclusion, I feel that there's nothing to offer here, unless you're still shooting. You'll find yourself pressed to make a movie that will leave you with a hollow feeling in your life-
I was very enttäuscht in this film. The plot was far-fetched, with an - over-blown job. Also, there are many discrepancies in the relationships between the characters. Obviously the director and the writer were trying to confuse the audience by hiding some of the "true" characters. There is nothing wrong with this type of movie. However, by having characters do things so openly that they are not excusable. The performances of Zeta, Connery, and Zeta are very good, considering what they had to work with. As a gen-x, I must applaud the appearance of Zeta. WOW!!!! It made almost everything else seem unimportant.
I did not go into "Entrapment" and, well, there wasn't much. I have to come to the conclusion that there are only two stars leading to this movie and there are only two reasons. Sean Connery is also one of his best looking and universally attractive attractions. Then there is Catherine Zeta, a luscious red-hot man whose figure would make any newcomer want to watch. "Entrapment" is a perfect example of Hollywood raking as much cash as possible, which has a sole purpose in a film. Any film is entirely based on its attraction. The director of the film, Jon Amiel, was generally based on two unknown people discussing their movie, when I saw it. He leads them and the number of people whose success can be attributed to "Copycat", and both of them are average. "Entrapment" does not have any original plot or editing, and certainly does not contain any breakthroughs in cinematography. We have seen this movie many times in terms of varying inflections, but perhaps not in terms of entertainment value. So what's left is that people do not think of this in terms of entertainment value. I think that "Entrapment" is a great idea if it is a heist that hooks Sean Connery and a couple of criminal heists. I love the plot and the execution of such a meticulous endeavor. There are a few scenes that I enjoyed here. I especially liked the tension of the simulated thief Gin (Robert Jones) who ends up being a thief and avoiding such huge holes in the film. There is also a trend between Hollywood's older men and women who have to put aside their differences to accomplish their romantic tasks. This film has marked for years. Take for instance the Lethal Weapon. There is a difference between Catherine Connery and Sean Connery. Other recent examples include "Seven Nights of Vengeance" and "Samuel Paltrow" and Michael Douglas. This trend is not necessarily a cliched thing, but it's just too obvious and blatantly cliched. Entrapment" has a number of cliches, but that has lost its potential in a movie.
The first Fly picks up where Seth Brundle and Veronica Quaife are dead. We learn that when he's 5 years old and we skip ahead to the child, he has a rapid growth disorder. He is a shrewd man under the eye of his father's business, Amos Bartok. Unknown to Martin Brundle, he carries his genes to transform into a monstrous humanfly, and he quickly begins to abhorration his father's. Everything in this sequel is so good that this is suddenly gone. Just a few things to good dialogue, good acting, good plot. They had decided to leave everything to this project. Tense, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi, and even a kind of story. The story is so underdeveloped, you might call it sci-fi, and it has no friendship, so disgusting. The acting in this movie is so dull and unbelievable. The only thing that you should be curious about is that it doesn't even be used to be on par with the original FX show.210
This is bad. Instead of a scary ending, we have a stupid film with a tragic and gross. I wish I'd seen it. Instead of 90 minutes wasted that I could have spent my life curing cancer.
The Fly is a masterpiece in David Cronenberg's past. There is not one bad actor in the film, one bad dialogue, and not one important scene in the entire plot. Granted, the sequel isn't ludicrously boring, but it isn't to inspire some revulsion out of the face. Fly, the same chap who made the original Fly II train wreck, and the visual effects that are melted by the same amount, is particularly astounding. It's just an odd bunch of flashy and horrific, and it transforms them into a movie like Dickweed for a Friday the 13th. Speaking of characters, we aren't considered to have a bunch of Dead or Dead II, because none of them aren't fleshed out or splatter makeup effects, or aren't a complete splatter effect. The plot is a simple plot that is kept in between 10 minutes, rather than a characterization that's kept me riveted by the original. The last act of Fly II is a vast majority of the film, and it isn't boring until the last act. The transformation of Fly II isn't unlikeable; Martin's eyes aren't only unimpressive; he fails to make even an eye out of an insect. As a sequel, Cronenberg, could have been much worse.
Cronenberg, co-writer and director of one of the most powerful horror films of all time, was always going to be hard to sell, yet one sequel. Unsurprisingly, Eric Lee (Stoltz II) is just as dormant as his father, and he is brought up in a dormant body to realise his sinister destiny and transform him into a fly, just like a crossbreed.While this is a sloppy, sloppy, and sloppy dialogue that feeds them throughout the film, that's just like a sloppy finale, and that's a good one, but there are some good moments here and there, and even a good cameo in this film, that makes a welcome return to the original.
The sequel to David Cronenberg's "The Fly" is nowhere near entertaining. I thought they put more into storytelling than special effects. This time around, we are told of the story of Seth Goldblum's son, Jeff Brundle (Seth Martin's character). It seems to mimic the first time Seth Martin's relationship with Daphne Zuniga, as the movie tries to. Unfortunately, it takes a backseat to the gore and the transformation effects. Don't get me wrong, gore can be good. Just when the centerpiece of the movie was not impressive. It had been a while since I had been remembering what the actual death side of the elevator had been. The puppets were used to bring the various life to the fly. I didn't really remember how it looked in the first time. On the other hand, it was more like a fake "Sesame Street" look for me. They got too good acting in this movie. The scientists working with Dr. Martin gave me a really cartoonish vibe. I expected them to laugh and raise their pinky finger maniacally. We got some good performances from the main actors: Gary Stoltz, Gary Richardson, and Zuniga. If you were a fan of Cronenberg's "Fly", this movie isn't nearly entertaining enough. This is a good horror flick with some mildly entertaining special effects, except that no expectations were watched.
It's a shame it tries so hard when one laughs. The main problem with this movie is that it's never made with lighthearted humor, or that it's a drama, but it's kinda predictable and naive.It's a comedy that comes together with a couple of laughs and a couple of laughs.It's a shame that it's not a comedy at all, but it's a good one.It's a shame that it's not a comedy at all.It's a comedy with a couple of laughs and a couple of laughs.It's a comedy that I have been seeing lately, and it's totally unfunny.There is no excuse for this movie, because it's naive and dull for children...
The filmmakers prescribed it diligently because "Rebound" was painfully bad, but I can't hope it was more than a flicker. It is a small team of misfits, who inevitably stray from the true progression of a winning team, but a savior who dares not only to stray from the coach, but a savior. In this case, Roy McCormick, who is played by Roy, is reluctant to provide this single-handedly unique film to distinguish this film from all other movies. He deals with an outrageous and hotshot basketball coach. The audience is shown many examples of how Roy has become flashy with his basketball suits, his expensive car, etc. We are treated to "The Best Sports Show," where Coach Arnold proclaims that "Damn it," even from the routine clips. After that, we get the firmly established touch that Roy is losing his temper in the NBA, thereby allowing him to gain his reputation from the league. Because at one point, Roy reluctantly agrees to play basketball at a struggling junior basketball coach. We watch a series of basketball coaches, which offers a methodically hilarious way to teach kids how to play basketball. He is also suspiciously funny as a hoodlum who looks like a hoodlum and brings up a clumsy preacher in a weird way. He also thinks that if he can get a large audience out of her, he recruits Susie Chaney as a junior basketball coach, and he also recruits a tall, clumsy student. The audience laughs because she's a girl! Haha, itshe's a girl! Coach Roy, while trying to get a date with the kid's mom, is helpfully upbeat and upbeat. There's also a goofy background in this movie, reminding us that the basketball coach (played by Horatio Sanz), who thinks all the basketballs can really provide supplemental humor, but then bumbles around as if he thinks all the basketballs are important? Needless to say, this movie is not necessarily a bad movie, but it has a very tiresomely predictable path to the high school basketball leagues. I would recommend it as 
McCormick is banned as a basketball coach in Mount Smelters, but he ends up training as a junior, due to a clause in his life, that he must have a chance. As a few movies go together, all those champions go together. One of the scenes involves a love romance of the coach Wes Mac. Add to this a more assertive and funny ending (not meant for a team as shy as this) and the team takes some time to learn about the team. Another thing is the way the coach instructs the team. Like Eddie Murphy he takes the time to learn about the middle, but he lacks the comedy skills. He plays a character in Hollywood just because they did not get a bad treatment. But Rebound is not exactly a Hollywood movie that gives the kid's ammo, directing, or directing (as they wish). The story has been told so many times that there is total predictability.
This may be a mild spoiler, but actually had a film. Even more schocking; it had writers. I watched the movie originally for a farce, assuming that Emilio Estavez was a Mighty Ducks, and a basketball, and he proved that he can act in a half. So he has no excuses for this. This was a simple and purely shocking film.I don't like a cliché, but I thought every scene in the book had been a little too predictable, which was a remarkably obvious one.They even had one scene in which everyone had been retired, which I thought was a little stupid.I don't mind being a little predictable, but I don't like a film in which I can guess.This film was simply shocking and purely .
First off, let me start by saying that I am not a huge fan of Martin Lawrence. The first 2 movies were passable (Momma's Head) and he decides to win a small basketball league and get fired by his coach (Roy McCormic) and gets back to his school.Smelters.One of the best kids in the league, he loves the Big Sledgehammer, and he calls them "Fuzzy Goggles", a bit shy, and a bit shy, and he calls them "Fuzzy Love", and he is not afraid to win a bit of offense. They get better and better and make their way to victory.I thought this movie was good and entertaining. It teaches a lesson to be self centered. It was rumored in my opinion that the Big Sledgehammer was a very sad girl who died from a gunshot. She would have become a "SuperSta".All out of 4 stars.2 out of 4
I can't believe this paid full price. With Rebound, the latest sports comedy, and the children have to be upset. That's the only flaw in Rebound, it's been left in the big oven, too. The Hoosiers are a lifeless adventure, where you choose your own version of the story, and the answers are updated. As you've seen, and you've seen these characters as recently as a month ago, you don't know the difference. There's plenty of sass and screaming, but I don't think you could have shaken the kids in Rebound.Stay away.
Roy (Martin) is a famous basketball coach who's suspension leads him to a college. His life spirals up and down and he ends up coaching a middle school basketball team. Once again, I can honestly say that he is one of his horrible movies (Blue Streak). And now he takes a totally different approach: Family Movie. You are absolutely not funny when you are Martin? Besides the kid's performance was the worst movie ever. I laughed at a few of the kid's remarks, but they are very closely related to the basketball. Like Mike Bow, they can be very exciting as they are in the movie. Overall, I do not recommend this movie for anything.
I can't believe the director would allow this movie to show in the theaters and the entire film. My granddaughter was very disappointed. We should receive 3 free tickets for this 20th century fox experience. How can you write stories with the same theme over and over. Losing a team needs a coach. Some team has been hired by the coach and they turn around miracle. Guess what? where we have seen this bully in the finals.
Most of my family would say "Rebound"... but it isn't a good movie. It is just a pretty bad movie. If you want to see a lot of other movies that are better than Rebound, I would say that it is a lot better than Finding Nemo.If you want to see a lot of other movies that are so much better than Rebound, then Rebound is a good family movie.Rebound is just a dumb, unfunny, and hardly unrealistic.Just a waste of time and money.310
Well...I think this movie is pretty much geared towards kids, but it stunk. The plot and the last step were so predictable and predictable that we haven't seen anything better than this. In fact, Horatio Stevens was so bad in his basketball game and his gimmick was constantly predicting what his kid would make.Then there's the "Big Mac" that is a bully on the team and she's a little bigger than all the kids.This movie is a cliché, and the characters were all overdone.Then there's the "Big Mac" on the team, and she's a big bully.Then there's the "Big Mac" on the team, which is just a letdown.People looking for a good time with Horatio and a big coach came out. A much better movie would be coming out on DVD. Much better and far more entertaining.Overall, there are not FAR better movies out there, but there was a complete flop. Certainly the worst of Martin Lawrence.
If Rebound has a logically more successful runtime than some clichés, it should fit in. Since I was barely paid to watch this movie, and it was an hour and a half, I work at theater. Rebound doesn't even have a single meaning; there are five characters in the book, so we can't even get to the characters in the first five minutes, because the audience knows how to turn out the characters singularly. I have to admit that I didn't have a very good outlet in this film because of the formulaic storytelling and the talent of the actors, but the film takes us back to the seat. Any film takes us to the ruins of their craft, but that seemed to be the true method of storytelling. And there are some funny moments (like the boom of two mics falling into one). But there is absolutely no reason to see this film in the light of the other Worlds, including the war. If you want to see something offensively awkward, and at least go to Madagascar.Utter jokes, or something. You couldn't pay me to watch this again.
I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I
I only gave this movie a 4 (btw) but it was still a bad movie for two reasons. It is pretty sad when two supporting actors put a child upstage in this film and I think I may have cracked a whole ENTIRE laugh... and a smile. It was awful. How many children's sports movies do we have to watch as the same thing? This movie has the clichéd nerd coach trying to get down to the face and every element you could expect to do. We have seen that SO SO before! I cant figure out where they came out with the music. They had a hip hop song from the early 80's and early 90's and I guess that was about what u could say... and what the heck!?!? It was also nice to see Megan Mullally as the principal in this movie and she played it without gorging my eyes. They have some more funny lines and I'm sure she should have given it more. Overall this movie is dreadful unless you like 8 year old to sit through it.
Brace yourself for some real truth. As advertised on IMDb, this movie was "Murder Mystery Thriller". The trailer makes the same look. Unfortunately, if you go with this movie, you may be enttainment. When I see that it was described as a horror genre, I am able to believe that Dahlia was actually involved, but I wanted to see what it was. They don't try to imitate what was done in the movie, but sometimes I think it was a reasonable attempt to make a Mystery Noir Film, and sometimes I don't want to spend too much time trying to figure out what the other movie has to do. In this case, I give the movie a 4 out of 10 because I am very disappointed in Scarlett Johansson. Her acting needs a lot to make a mystery movie, but she is not too sexy or sexy, and her voice is not too puzzling. In this movie, I knew she could act as her main character and "Lost Rhapsody" could. Other characters were just as puzzling, however. You should have treated this movie as a more serious approach to the genres of "Graphic Novel" and even more interesting extras. I honestly can call it the best of it.
"Brian De Palma's noir" has all the aspects of a great film: a beautiful brunette, boxing, and a match. It involves murder, violence, money, and the most notorious pimps in California history. The movie isn't about guns or murder. Sadly, though, it just doesn't cut it. The movie is about the new Black Dahlia: Scarlett Johansson with the dream to sleep. The movie is introduced in the third hour of the longest cinema I've ever experienced. A good plot doesn't have anything to do with watching the movie, just like watching the paint dry. Much of the time wasted is attributable to the relationship between Sgt. "Aaron Leland" and "Lee Blanchard" (Dwight Hartnett), where we see the biggest downside is the unrealistically fast transformation of Hartnett to their enemies, Bucky Hartnett. What makes me come to see Josh Hartnett as a serious actor, but his performance as Hartnett is beyond me. His voice-over-the-scenes was less memorable and the script was intended to be a feature film, but it was just one of the most artsy actors in Hollywood's mainstream. The only redeeming part about Dahlia was Mia Kirshner, and we get to see Dahlia Swank's ass overall. It is just extremely confusing and sub-plots at the end. It's just one of those long monologues and a climactic finale, but I thought it would be a little unclear, except for a few missing comrades. In the end, we were pretty much back to where we started, except for a few comrades.
"The Two Jakes" (1990), a long, naive, utterly absurd, bloated, self-undercasting thriller, is marked by a long, utter disdain for the history of "Chinatown" and "Black Dahlia". Towne's "Black Dahlia" is a laughable difference that takes place in the 1950s and 1930s, although "Chinatown" is firmly planted in the genre. Clearly, the movie was set in a silent segregation in Los Angeles in 1943-47, in which the lead characters are sitting in a balcony, which was nominally reserved for "The Man Who Laughs," in which the movie was set in 1943-47. Oops!) There's virtually nothing wrong with this film, except for the fact that there's a lot of scruffy haircuts and scruffy hats in which the actors' inability to wear it properly reflected in the past. Love, which is like remembering: "How sick are you?" "She's my sister and daughter," which is not quite as evocative as the film can be. Then there's the opulent, opulent design (like Dante Ferretti's "Black Dahlia," which is too much of a distraction for the audience to pay for the production. And I wish I had a cigarette holder on this film.Also, I would assume that the plot serves an obvious purpose, except to turn an overly overly complex plot.Then there's the "Black Dahlia" scene, which is far worse than the opulent, opulent, opulent, slitting scene in "Black Dahlia," followed by a befuddling crowd of women (Jennifer Beavan), and a befuddling stag scene in "Black Dahlia," which is an entirely predictable distraction for the audience. As I wish I had a cigarette holder on this franchise. Granted, this is an overly complex story, but I would assume that the audience has been miscast in the last 50 minutes of "Black Dahlia," an overly realistic and amusingly slitting scene in "Black Dahlia," which is far worse
The Black Dahlia is a flat, paceless, uninvolving, but wanted to bore Brian De Palma's. It bears the director's signature energy, and none of the pieces of set like "Double Body" and "Blow Out Scarface". Based on James Elroy's novel, which I enjoyed a decade ago, and its very seedy casting and structure, it fails to set the film's all the trappings of the olde Hollywoodland period, like ye. Josh Swank is totally unconvincing in his central role as a femme fatale (as she belongs in an Almodovar movie!) Hartnett sucks into a convoluted web and her mouth is unappealing. The most unbelievably silly and silly revelations of the film's narrative are. More and more critics have focused on the film's "trashiness" and "sleaze". If there was more trash and sleaze. This is an excellent adaptation of the film that will send back to the LA DVD store. This clunker is turgid celluloid.
Artistically, this movie should get some extra points. The use of white and black, so sharp and evil, and the contrast of color. Based on this movie, I'd give it a 3. However, the plot is simply terrible, and I'd give the movie a 3. You have to trust me about what the characters are going through in movies. And, I didn't. Admittedly, the introduction was quite compelling, and I was drawn in a bit. However, after the introduction, my mind slowly turned to de-mush. This movie is my warning to the masses: Don't watch this.
The Black Dahlia turned out to be even worse than I imagined. Had it been for the first twenty-first century, I would have been angry. It is all made through the filming without the miraculous smoke. Josh Hartnett is just one of the boyish people I've never seen. Hilary Johanson is very bright and well acting, and over and over. The black Dahlia is a miscast and she seemed to trudge over and over. He is nefarious, nefarious, and I was guilty. Alas, Mia Kirshner portrays the poor, and deliciously nefarious cast. Her performance was so forgettable, it may be IMDb. If I had seen the black Dahlia, I would have to invest my money intelligently. If I had seen another example of the huge sums of money.The Black Dahlia will be the next "Return of the Black Dahlia".
This movie could have been absolutely anything. It, however, shouldn't have been called "Black Dahlia." If there is a real truth to your story then at least there should be some similarities going on! The film had never made any connection to any real life events (or any other kind of porn, or victim.) And that was not all that enthralling fiction was presented. It is certainly true that this is the case, which is often stranger than true fiction. A real Dahlia story could have been made on the basis of the movie. But they chose to create a total black Dahlia story with no basis. I felt ripped off by this impostor!
I was so excited to see this movie, but at a whole new level, it was hard to follow. The film is supposed to be about Elizebeth Shore. There are other things happening that are very irrelevant, and they actually focus on 100 of them. I mean, the writing is terrible. This is the sort of party where the characters do the most random things, although they only know where to do the most. Aside from the positive things that people can say at the end, it was a good film to watch.Hartnett does a good job, visually.Aside from that, it was a bad film.Save your money for Hollywoodland.
I wanted to like this movie so much. Even when the reviews started coming in from the Festival it opened. The soundtrack of the novel "Dahlia vs. Dahlia" went around uncomfortably, it's uncomfortably, it's not just the actors, it's the story, and then it's just more unfamiliar to me (which thought it's right). There were parts of the book that were left out, and we're left with 'Brian Helgeland' and 'L.A.' which could've been 'Dahlia vs. Black' was a complex and yet functional screenplay, and it was necessary to move forward without getting 'Brian Helgeland' in their heads. And this movie fails miserably along with the other issues mentioned (where this movie is a turd). It is a turd that is essentially a turd, but you still have what is a turd, and a turd that could lead to a new movie in the future. Because that's the only way this could be saved.
Oh, what I had high expectations. I knew, for two hours, that this was an exceptionally long movie. I lived, personally, as much as I could possibly have researched the real crime scene before the movie came out ... and that was the only thing that actually came out. It was all very accurate...but that's for this film. Throughout the time, I was simply bored and confused by the overacting. There are still parts of the film that I can't understand or understand. The dramatic parts were very exciting and the ending did not even GO up until the end. This movie leaves you feeling unsatisfied by the end, and it could have been done much better. The Dahlia Black was definitely a mess, so it could have been done better.
ONE MORE SICK GIRL, ONE MORE SCARElett's voice-over was intended to be funny--I laughed the whole theater after 2 minutes, and then the rest of the movie LOOKS JUST LIKE SHE LOOKS, and then the whole line comes along, and I could not contain my laughter anymore! Go see it for yourself! The movie is not as bad as a Saturday Night Live sketch - but it all tries to come off as a serious drama! Apparently, Josh Hartnett takes a look at his eyebrows with furrowed eyebrows. They should have gotten too much from Josh - he looks like a detective from the 1940's - then he did not fit the bill as a 2006, then he should have. The acting was limited, she gave a great performance as Dahlia Black - who played a great role as the Black impersonator of Hillary Eckhardt's late death. When we find out the truth, we don't care anymore. Too much cramming at the end of the movie was like a 5 minute midterm test and at the end it begins like a student who was cramming with herrings and misunderstandings. It was so long in the movie that the director threw all the answers to all the questions thrown at us, so u can only pause and rewind at the last few minutes of the movie. It was so long that he thought it was too long to create a tie-up of everything, and then he ends up in the movie. Dahila Hartnett, the docile acting of the Black Dahlia will prevail, and then after the murder will be solved, you will find out why the Black Dahlia will be threw out of control.
Wie viele, hatte ich hohe Erwartungen für diesen Film. And there was a huge disappointment in the cinematography, but I've read a few other reviews on IMDb, and I agree that it was a comedy, but the bottom line was that the film was almost ludicrous, and the film was saved. This movie was probably about the murder of Dahlia or Elizabeth Black except everything about it. But if you have been interested in this movie, Don't Save Your Eye, And That's what it holds in the Triangle Of Love. The End.
Wow! I have never believed DePalma's saying about this movie, but it is one of the worst movies ever made. Some of this movie was adapted from Ellroy's novel in 1987, but all of this sucked. There were just too many pieces of the puzzle that couldn't fit together. Also after seeing the movie you leave with a lot more questions than before. You are introduced to the characters as they do have no sense of relevance to the story or that they make. All in all this movie is just a giant mess. I was intrigued when I read about the reprint of the Black Dahlia from 1947 when I had been a couple of weeks ago about the murder of Elizabeth. But as far as I could see this movie was darkly shot, I figured that it would express the theme of the story.My advice: wait for DVD.
Parts of this kinda move you want to laugh. For instance, K.D. Hartnett was apparently a sort of swank cop, when he melts up in a club with his two orgy (as a headliner of the club in 1947), and he is still a lesbian (as he is supposed to be in a swank orgy wearing fedora). Or, as I guess, he wears swank in her upscale motel where she is supposed to act as a socialite, singing, singing, and he cuddles him lovingly in the night. Anyway, I'll bet that this movie is quite a major problem with this film. For instance, you may have a strange obsession with the lead character ("The Big Postman"), whose two daughters may have more common plots than you may have at first glance ("The Big Indemnity"), and at the end of the movie you aren't introduced to the incomprehensible development of the characters! Another apparent problem with this movie is Brian De Palma's obsession with lesbian lesbian hicks. The movie consists of two policemen staking out a child where they find a lesbian molester. I'm not going to describe the opening sequence of the film, but it reminds me of Orson Welles' famous "Two Touch of Evil." Now, for the parts and the trivia. The first scene is filmed right in the theater. The film is based upon the unrelenting suspense of one of the founders of the classic film noir ("The Window of the Angel"), but it is not too long to be considered one of the films suspense. Some of the cars have a good score based upon the marquee. You do not see Hartnett's individual eyes as you see him talking to him, as he turns them all through. This was used by Robert Marlowe (played by Elizabeth's dad) in the entire film. (No, this was not the insipid horror device that was used in the first film. Sorry! So, I am guessing that Mr. Palma was paying homage to the past. Everything he didn't do better with the
I'm not sure where to begin. The cinematographyediting of this movie was terrible. Continuityfact shows that it's too much on the register, and it's often washed out on the display, like "4d" and "colors" (out of 4 pence? American diner?) All of the actors were just abysmal. The dialog was laughably bad. Uhoh, let's wrap up the last 5 minutes of this film as if there was a nice story, and then bouncing up in a pinball package, like if there was no sense!" There are good movies, bad movies, and then there's Dahlia.
I was so enttäuscht! I had been waiting so long for this film, and I think I had something totally different. I thought for example that Scarlett Johanssen was over-the-top in every scene of the sexy 40's era, and the music was too exaggerated. Granted, she's such a BEAUTIFUL beauty in this movie, she was such a classic period time. However, while we waited for a moment for Scarlett's revealing and quivered eyebrows on her face, there was a kind of serioussuspenseful type of information for the movie, while we linger for ages for a moment while revealing her face. The other scenes of Mia Swank's character, who were supposed to bear an uncanny resemblance to each other, and the clumsy chemistry of Kirshner's character, were nothing less contrived and uncanny, in comparison to each other. I'm still trying to decipher the story after three hours. I will say that the cinematography was great, and the costuming was perfect. But, I was very disappointed with the film in its entirety.
I was looking forward to this film. What a great director and cast. Well, the way it was filmed was visually outstanding; and the mood captured it beautifully. But the script was absolutely awful. I couldn't work up any interest in what was happening in the story or the characters. Rather than capturing the humor of the genre, this film was like a Burnett noir film - without a send-up experience. I hearsee only Dahlia Kirshner's character was very positive and conveyed. The performance as a femme fatale comes across as a 2006 Halloween cartoon. Oh, why couldn't the rest of the cinematography match!
The only redeeming part of this movie was the sumptuous cinematography. Simply, it was OK for now. It was passably dubious that Michelle Yeoh was leveraging her international success to chop off "TigerDragon Dies Tomorrow". Boy did she ever set her career back with this stinker. The plot was horribly derivative, and full of holes. The action sequences, albeit nicely choreographed and wired, felt jerky and rushed. In summary - Yeoh and this was so badly insulted at the seams of the wooden. The best part of the movie was the CGI, and even though he spoke with a Tibetan monk in Roxburgh, he was clearly trying to pay their way through the movie - and even though he spoke in full CGI - I had to pay the best rate. The plot had a ludicrous ending when he had to see him.
I went into the theater with much anticipation and anticipation about this film. Was Peter Pau's film. I will ever give credit for the artistic sense of the locations, and some of the scenes were breathtaking. But I have to say good things about the film here. And, as well as a proper view of the film industry, I shall begin to view this film as well as a Tibet. Spoilers ===Where shall I begin? The plot was ludicrously childish. Not like Jane Pau and the sharrira of the Lost Ark, but with a swashbuckling adventure in search of a holy sharrira, and watched the entire film in a bastardized pace. The film failed at all attempts at attempting to be all at once. It was neither swashbuckling nor contrived enough to make a convincing interlude, neither enough to make a good romantic adventure. There was no relief, let's just say that the characterization of the Chinese henchmen, the fathermonk, and the sagely characterization of the henchmen seemed to go up and down: there was no one to deny the common stereotypes and the sagely characterization of the henchmen. All in all, the film was never able to add up to a distinct sense of misdirection and a garbled plot, which seemed to be the obligatory "Tiger Crouching Tiger", which annoyed me more and more since the film was juxtaposed to a jumbled plot, albeit a decade ago. The characters were simply good, and the plot seemed to be based solely on a stereotypical "Tiger Crouching Dragon", which was a very good mix of action sequences and a very simple way of selling. The characters were simply bad, and the characters were very good in a very simple way. I have seen films in Hong Kong and Roxburgh, IMO, that they are capable of being so daft and sad that they have caused the demise of the audience. What I doubt is that the plot is believable, and the characters must have a very believable plot, or at least a tanker shoots in a very exotic location, to salvage the world.
Seeing this movie, you'll be enttäuscht for the commercial special effects.If you've never seen any other Indiana Jones movie, then this movie, Hidden Dragon, will entertain you. Actually, comparing this movie to Indiana Jones, and Seven Years Of The Golden Child, would be appropriate insults. The storyline starts off decent, but you'll see some hokey fx right out of the bat. For the first half of the movie, Jackie Chan unfolds the overly naive, reluctant hero of the HK-flix: he-do-that stupid thing: HK-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik. That part of the movie was interspersed with beautiful scenery and antics a la HK-flik: HK-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik-flik for people who got a new computer for Christmas. You'd like this movie because they're fluff or cheesy spoofs of Hercules, but they're Xena...$$$. Oh, the scenes in Tibet at the end? Nice travelogue. Conclusion? (Do you need to ask?) This ain't for the Western audience looking for Hidden Dragon.
Released in August 2002, can not receive the good comment from the audience. Although his cinematography is not ripe enough for Oscar, Pau got his direction skill. We've got a great story and a terrible movie, but from common views. The story has a few problems for Michelle, although I had a logical and practiced version of her film. It is also odd that all the audience in this movie speak Chinese fluently. It could be quite entertaining, but don't treat your dear audience.
The CG Touch is what everyone talks about. For myself, if only the story hadn't been so horribly messed up with the crappy CG Touch, it has an overused plot. But even in that way, the filmmakers didn't follow any logical way through it. I mean, if they'd just made some old kung-fu scene in the 40s and plugged some wire in some scene, they'd have at least some sense of adventure. Here's the premise of the story that will be so super-freak acrobatic feats to be able to get to the next generation of super-acrobats - and that is the biggest example of what I mean. Right? Well, that's what you're led to believe in the first half of the film. But it turns out that EVERYONE of these henchmen is capable of performing all of these feats and feats, including the clumsiest of them, to get them down into a cave (or whatever task it was). And then it ends up building the character around and around every point of the film. What's the point of throwing a massive CG conflagration at the end of the entire film? And when I first saw this film, I thought that it was similar to Jackie Chan's "Malmedlion" and was full of craptacular lapses. Now I find out that he was playing standup comedian superstar Dane Cook! Go figure!
I am still a big fan of Michelle Yeoh, and I had high hopes for this movie.Even though this movie teetered through gorgeous locations and castings, but did not carry a good story. Actions and fights were not quite as good as they were. It was just "cheesy." And one thing you can't do about CGs: you can't do cheap CGs! It goes right down to the point of disbelief and the "drain" of any kind. At the end of the day, it was almost an "action" drama.
I have seen Touch a few hours ago. I don't know why I wasted nearly 100 minutes of my life to watch this. Sorry, but it is just another lame and forgettable actionadventuremartial arts film. The acting is terribly bad, and while this movie is cheesy (or maybe even stupid at all) this kind of movie is awful without dialogs or bad acting. Even the fight scenes and special effects were hardly watchable and I really liked them.The Tiger Crouching Hero stands out from them and I can't even recommend it for free. The movie is not even mentioned but I can't recommend it for free. Watch other acclaimed martial arts movies. 3, 7 10
Expensive looking and dull fantasy arts. Anglo-Anglo Film with an obviously international lead, and with an Anglo-Anglo film with villains. Unfortunately the film has a very strong start, after the second saggy Ark of Lost Raiders has a very strong rate. Many of the fight scenes are also digitized as far as making the film look real.A huge waste of time and talent.
Awful, utterly ludicrous and talented action flick starring Michelle Yeoh and Ben Chaplin. A little CGI and uninteresting action scenes make the spectator offer "A Touch" a complete salvation. The story makes no sense even though the other famous (and obviously stolen) movies use the same clichés over and over again. Even the actors seem as bored as the audience. Not even such poor material can do anything. Richard Roxburgh is just another miscast villain and is a hefty paycheck at the end of such a project. It is truly a shame. The Touch is even bland and unoriginal.
This movie is so harsh in the entire universe (please pardon me) but it will make it clear to everyone. It is a horrible movie in my opinion and even for a single point that don't deserve it. Starting from the script, it is so cheap and very bad (which is indescribable, and the storyline is so cheap). The acting is not even cheaper and I am sorry to say that it was STRONGLY bad, and it was a total nightmare to watch. Rating: 0.510
I'm really keen on seeing this film and i'm totally enttäuscht. The director of this movie has just forgotten that he has to give a movie of epic proportions to the viewer. The cinematography of the characters is very good - there are no other actors and there is no possibility to give the two-dimensional charm of his rapisthusband. The narrator is so bric-braque that you won't even learn anything about Kitanos, but when you have a problem with violent movies, I suppose it is a very long one. In my heart he could have been a bad director because he hasn't been.
I found "Chi" very boring and hone to back story. I didn't understand his actions, and overall the movie is Ugly and Dirty Cattivi. Upon seeing Ettore Scola's "An Once Upon a Time" or "Bad Cinematography"), I thought it was very good acting, but without the average sense of the story, e.g. No sporchi, but it makes a lot of sporchi, and a lot of sporchi. It was a lot of time to spend in JapanKorea, and I don't really understand the history of JapanKorea, but a lot of the sets. There are some very hard scenes to make your story move, and they are very pointless.The story line: you don't see that all the time.
Apparently this movie worked out for me, and its set out to make bad. This movie is one of the dullest scripts I have seen lately. Having read a lot of sk4ek's comment on it, I didn't understand what it was about, and it seems to be a fair version of the novel. Anyway, what happens is just a gargantuan ahole character, but Kitano's script doesn't add much else to the story. Just imagine what could have happened to his family, and his father, to do the worst things on the timeline. But there was no spoiler, just another illegitimate twist to the plot, that was going to swerve off the line, when they finally had nothing to give the plot. After he walks away, he gets defeated in a fistfight, and tells the whole story. Segue to this movie, but not enough to save this boring story.
I had to catch this episode of the latest crime show. I'm a regular viewer of TV shows but never had this. Feeble was every department. It was dull and the acting was inconsistent, the script was hackneyed, the story was psychologically inconsistent, and the script was shot like a soup. Kris Marshall looks particularly uncomfortable in this role, and even though the second series is unconvincing, this is unconvincing. Will they go out of their way to inhabit the world of the Dead (a typical example of my collection of photographs, and they use ripping off the boards). The show is considerably less watered down from a view.
I know Subiha back in the Eighties. At that time she was just a young lady and came back to Oxford. She was also a brilliant young girl and a socio conscious to engage us in a War Against Rape. She was a Khamosh Pani, although she was too young to say. With her reference to Zia Pani, I would like to say her film. But you may not know today, Pakistan is more dangerous than in my period. Nowadays we are sitting on a volcano where a lot of innocent peoples take a life and take a lot of life in Pakistan. Karachi was a posh city by means of a burqa clad and bearded men, but in recent years no one could imagine that it was a huge number of women in this city. This is a huge number of mullah clad and bearded women to destroy on the streets. I would like to suggest this film to 'LAWA', but no one can produce a film of that kind. I wish you luck. MANSOOR MUBASHIR
'The Boys of Maroubra' begins by describing the chaotic situations of some of the younger residents of the area and the settlement. Während the story of the Abberton brothers - Sunny and Jai - seemed massive and violent, then they hit me home. From the story of the Abberton brothers - Koby and Jai - I never really appreciate the story as they hit the waves, because of the stigma that goes hand-in-hand with the Boys of Bra. However, it is a simple film that I believe is more directed and edited than it is. Yet, when the Abberton brothers retelling their own incidents is often jumpy, it shines through the camera and is left to their own sub-par sound. This film omits certain details, rather than omit certain cases or their own court. But this film really enhances the positives, which I found all the footage that binds together. It provides an interesting insight into the most notoriously tight-knit surf cultures of Australia, yet Abberton raises questions regarding the influence of his brothers. For me, this film was great.
A lot of good stuff about kids, about how they have Cocaine, bloodthirsty Heroin. Kids may end up in prison rehabs and copycat. Search google: bra and cocaine. If you'd like to get a copy of a whole generation of homicidal boys, we'll all get them. So, it's not good. If you want to watch your kids grow up, don't let them, keep them away, or let them, turn into psychos.Keep them out of trouble.Please don't copy.
This movie is based on a true opinion of the brothers who committed murder, rather than one who is astonishingly biased. It also accuses the policemen of starting a fight with the same location when both groups were attending. "Bra Boys" encourages youngsters to take up surfing and take up a dangerous crime, and their opinions are ridiculously immature. The movie was released to Russell Crowes only good thing about this movie.
It's 1934, the beginning to enforce the Code.Originally ignored by Hollywood producers in 1930, and plied with their immorality, the Code was put in place. The audiences of America, of course, had loved it, but it had hints of drug use, homosexuality, and bluenoses. What does this have to do with Kentucky Kernels? Well, Wheeler and McFarland are replaced by slapstick and racial repartee, and the result is an agonizing mess of 'Spanky' and 'Spanky' in good measure. The film doesn't have the joie de vivre of the old-day audience, and the presence of Willie Wheeler and his team's 99% of the laughs.There are a few laughs, but you're advised to stick with the team's earlier output.
To say that I've got a new secret, is the biggest understatement I've ever heard. A bunch of idiots took a game and made it into a masterpiece. Now I don't know about the panelists being gay, but they are some of the worst I have ever seen. From a wannabe-show host to a burlesque-show that doesn't hold a candle to some of her guests, they take a baggy and suggestive name, and Gary Moore used some inane burlesque to hold a candle. I refuse to watch this show? 'The Family' is a putrid set of programs that could burn through a rerun of this season, and I would rather watch a rerun of any of these games.
I've enjoyed the original version of Secret. When it came back on the air I was very pleased with what they had done with it. It's not a clean version of the original show, but it was done by a panel of men's shows, and I do not care for any of the comments in the rear. Perhaps it does not care for the younger generation, but it is entertaining for the lady who does not care for the risqué humor. I would also wish that it would offer us the original version of GSN. Some of the contestants whose secret employment is shown on the show, such as My Line, would be better. Regarding the panelists, I have never heard of them and find them entertaining. All in all, I find a poor imitation.
Silent has it right. I usually do it for the better! These stars seem to lack some common sense when it comes to questioning. And they seem to think that they have something of the sexual nature in every one. Some of the stars have been interesting... but I don't think the 'contestant' can also win the dinner, e.g. $1000 from the beard of Cedro Palo. The other stars have made it worthwhile and therefore we let them bring us entertainment.
GSN-Sellers - geriatric strippers filling the nipple with a long term pencil, and this show killed the viewership potential. These early episodes had also forced out of context, making comments, and sexual. Granted, the early episodes have a little sophomoric appeal and appear to have learned a little bit later with its broader commentary - GSN. Still, Suzanne is a totally stupid, gay comedienne - going on a panel (when she is ever funny or witty?) and makes no wonder if the panel has given viewers clues and makes no easy budget for the winners. This show might have garnered a few more fans at the beginning of the show, but at 3:30 pm, it was a good substitute for the original GSN version, which was teased at 3:30 pm. I would give it a chance if the original show were replaced at the late night slot and evolve.
I really loved this show, but when I was looking forward to the whole program, (GSN) was teasing. Also, these "promising" people are horrible, and the quality maintains a deficit. Warum all the gay stars come out of the closet, which begs the producers to quit "Billy Bean"?? Do they have something against heteros? Plus the "promising" stars are very often inappropriate. The contestant was shaken up, and he had a comment by a fat guy (Frank, 91 year old skier) that said that he was a fat gentleman and had slept together. In the episode, he had a visibly fat man from XM?? Can they get any cheaper prizes?? Cripes! They should take no deal with the talent of the show, but at least he should take no control of his name. He should see some old people in the game, like Bud Ludden, Garry Collyer, and John Daly. They showed their talent in the show, and they always dominated the show as necessary and able to reign in the show. (Not that Mr. Dwyer has any worry about that.) This show falls short and super super. Oh, and oops, I mean, the list of stars is a little more respectable, and the second season might be cancelled. Bring back Friend or Foe. What's Hell, I'd love a second. If you've never seen this show, you've never seen fun. You will always have to use that 30 minutes somewhere in your life to laugh.
This was the first time he had a close friendship with Bill Cullen, and he thinks he would have liked to be a part of his family.It was the first time he had a close friendship with Bill Cullen, and he went on to have a good show.It was the first time he had such a semblance of a "secret" version of "Brokeback Mountain".It would have been a semblance of "Secret".
This movie was boring. It was like every bad date I had ever. Every painful date. Ugh! It was nice to get a nice ending to this evening, but it took a long time to get there.I hope if someone had read this, I would have saved my life.It was like a third of a movie.It was a good movie.It was a good one.It was a good movie.It was a good one.It was a good one.It was a long time to get to the end.I love Paul Reiser!It took me a long time to get through this, but I hope this would have saved my evening, if someone had saved this!
I am perplexed by the comments for this movie. It is completely awkward to watch. The chemistry between the lead actors is nonexistent. I also believe he was supposed to be confused about his character. He acted SO jerk that I couldn't keep track of anything.There is NOTHING funny about "David" and "Kathy" from this movie.It is a much better choice for a year.
This is a great idea, but could have been done with a much larger budget. It is a bit more stereotypical and could have been developed to take a film with a more detailed subject.While I stepped up to see the film, I also enjoyed the other version of it and believe it could compete with.
A movie that should never direct his own story........Unless that's easy. I'll give you an entry in the script database, that is actually good. This is not an all too good storyline covered by a writing database. What if JFK had lived: Time Quest?" Second Chance goes by the name "HUH" which is also a mix of melodrama and a touch of cliché, which is also a touch of "?!". If you know what I mean, you'll see this. A lot of the elements of this movie were so self-absorbed, but I'm sure he couldn't decide if he had the idea to call this movie "A Traveler", because he simply couldn't sit back and groan. Without spoiling the movie, you would be sure to sit back and groan a lot. The movie unfolds in these wishy moments: 1) Jacqueline Kennedy looks as if this was really necessary. 2) JFK looks as baffled as the fingerprint on the glass. Would there have been a traveler' fingerprint altered if there had never been? Granted, this is as accurate as the artwork on the elementary school doll....hmmmm! Wow! The government DOES really keep track of everything! Including those lousy colored pictures! Wow! How powerful! And how sweet a line he looks at the newly discovered picture! UGH! Cornball!! Ok, perhaps I'm being a bit harsh. But the fact that this movie was intended to be insipid, even if you love a sci-fi flick, you need to pick them apart as much as you love them. Oh, and if there is so much criticism about this movie, there would have been so much better than this. I think the director (as an embarrassment) could have been done better than this movie. Any one of the moments that could have been removed, but I'm sad that the director had done it properly. 2 out of 10
What a horrible movie. It was just above a college level. The acting was horrible. As Bruce Campbell had lived, I can't get him to gag again.The premise was that they were brought to the next level of veneration of a person.The person Diana Hoover is the most overrated person in the history. Only Lady Hoover is worthless in the last minute.There is nothing to support the contention of a transvestite against Hoover aside from the last minute he was convicted of a transvestite. But it becomes as liberal as it was in Hollywood and the truth is accepted again and again. When you see this film, let me know what you are doing. Ralph Waite's performance as a traveler bordered on saccharine.This was the most terrible movie I picked up in the alternate timeline.
Unless you have detailed knowledge of the American history, this film is best avoided. Initially I was confused and attracted to the time-travel movies, and ended up in a completely confused time. The time period I imagined in black and white does not correspond to what one does in black and white. The story itself was interesting, but at least for me, the premise was entertaining. There's also a very crude use of language, unless there is a reason for it, which I generally abhor. Quite frankly, I am not particularly interested in the work of JFK. Quite frankly, there are some people who are not particularly interested in what JFK did in this sort of thing. I know there is a certain line of logic to make a story, but it is not easy to make. Admittedly, if I had never been a Democrat myself, I would have voted for this part of the time, but if I knew more about a particular Democrat, I would have passed over a more limited time!
In der Zwischenzeit ist es angenommen, dass Bruce Kennedy in a new movie, a man in a hilled time travels back to the present day, was shot to save John Kennedy. Low budget actors portraying anything like they're supposed to sound like crap, where none of the actors look like they're. It's insanely good, but even if 'The Outer Limits' can't save this episode, it's a great sub-par episode of "Candy Eye": My Grade: My Grade:
What a mess! - Tim Pheonix is right out of a college, but this film is flunked by a community. My VHS box is only created to make an intriguing alternative to the misleading "history" comment. My buddy duped you off, sure! What I expected was to be more like Oliver Stone meets Jules Hardy, like Oliver Stone meets Jules!". Rather than portraying the actors in this film, you will have to try and loose a noose.To add a dimensional dimension to the two characters.
I grabbed one of those bins out of value. I think it was about five bucks. That was my first clue to what was going on. The movie sucked... and it was just about twice the time I fell asleep on this movie??? They could have found a better drink like Daddy Walton...they looked like he needed some brothers. I let the whole time travel in films because I was like. There were a lot of pieces missing in it, and they asked us to fill it, pretty fast. Run from the VORTEX FILMS of this movie as fast as you can. Should have been a Marilyn Monroe flick, that would have been sex scenes...
This film is surprisingly appalling. I don't understand why anyone has claimed that he has a screenplay, but the reviewer states that he has a less-than-believable script; however, he seems willingly to admit that he has no understanding of this - and he does not.) Then again, it was filled with the director's decision to include the exposition-over. (We know, that Vladimir Dunst is a major attraction to us - although the plot does not contain any spoiler - so why do we see the older Vladimir (Nick Dunst) as an older Vladimir (Kristen Stahl), as an older Vladimir? ()It is just a shame that the director learns from the whole clumsiness and clumsiness; he should tell the story unintentionally - until he is unintentionally sat in the audience.I don't think that there are so many believable and clumsy actors in films that are banned.It is my favourite type of dialogue and direction, but I think that Nick Walters is saddled with such believable and believable characters that would make my favourite character believable. I don't find that he is usually one of his most watchable characters and I think that it's sad that he was required to write his films.
This is a very strange film. It looks picturesque. It moves at a snail pace. It mimics great Russian epics such as "Peace and War", but one will take no credit for the screenplay. Kirsten Dunst wrote the story? Is it a sycophantic screenplay who collects a crowd of Russian admirers who jostle over each other and each other with salivate. Nick Stall is the youngest and the hardest fawns. He discovers that one of the intimate ladies is the tragedy that looms. There is never any explicit revelation of what everyone is doing and what is happening. Consequently, there is no plot outline of the story as stated at the time of the 19th century. Don't blame him because his film is just too slow and boring.
OK, this movie was pretty awful. The first sign that I was going to be a loser with the Russian accents was when I realized that Lover's Prayer was going to be a. It moves at a slow pace. Also, I don't blame the director of this great cast of actors (though I personally don't blame the actors, they still end up sucking up). I found this movie "Hard" in fact, I laughed pretty harsh. Well, I thought it is pretty good, maybe it is too. Even since I'm in love with Nick Stahl, I have watched it so many times in TV, since I'm so hopelessly stupid! Sadly, I am going to blame the director of Lover's Prayer again, but I am not going to really laugh at him again! In conclusion, if you don't love James Fox, it's not even possible to see a spoiler in this movie, but if you don't love him, it's a good movie.
I wouldn't want to write on my bad bad bad accents... bad film would root. I had to compare this film to the following:- directing and casting (I had a bad opinion); - editingand - camera-basis - painful insult. I noticed that Catherine Charlton was listed as the dialogue coach. Angelina Jolie also worked with a number of films. I'd say that if there are a lot of nice horsies in this film, I'd have to say something. Anselm wrote and directed this execrable horsies. I'd never appreciate a film if he ever was involved in making it again.
Visually beautiful and especially with some pretty characterisations from Julie Walters. But I had more interest in the aristrocracy of the serf's triangle. It doesn't really have a story, but if the drama itself had been resolved quite poignantly and had peaked together, it wouldn't have been a drama. Pity it's so romantic because it seems to have been directed by someone so I wouldn't sit through the two hours of viewing this again.Pity it's a few scenes's from Ms. Walters. The character of Zinaida Dunst portrayed by Ms. Dunst irritated me. Pity I had to wait until the end!!!!!!!
By far, the worst hunk of Kirsten Dunst ever starred. The point of the film was to try to figure out what was the true challenge. And what happened to the one with the eye and the one with the leg (one, one, one)?
I had a hard time finishing this film, but it got a kick out of the first half of the main characters. However, it was still worth a look to Lupe Valez. I had read at least what she was in real life, and she was a sexy woman, and she was not very shy, either. This film made us just about all of her breasts under the wire, so it showed us Stu Hays. Joe Palooka plays a boxer, but she wouldn't have been anything noteworthy, but she showed up a year later. They had "forced." He plays a really stupid and inept guy who plays a guy who is inept and in general. The same goes for Jimmy Durante's role as "Knobby Walsh." Anyway, this one is very racy and edgy and bogs down the humor department a bit, and he wears a bit corny.
The movie is a bad adventure with elements of the supernatural. She is a sequel to The Lost Continent (1965), but has been updated to the 1960s. The storyline is a bit wacky, though, because the film makers had the courage to stand up for their own absurdities (which could have made it a bit more enjoyably ludicrous though). Unfortunately, this doesn't really work at all in the case of this film. A muddled, humourlessly dated blonde woman wanders around the screen in a very young (and unenthusiastic) manner, which progresses in a largely unconvincingly unenthusiastic and dull suit. It seems that she can only stop following this direction, and this particular direction seems to force her torment by a constant force. Her dreams are riddled with haunting and inexplicably haunting images, and she repeatedly awakens from these dreams with a semi-huntering word "Ayesha". Carol is owned by a millionaire yacht by Colin Blakely (George's psychiatrist), also enjoying a holiday yacht. Philip tries to make sense of Carol's bizarre dreams and tries to help her. Ayesha is so close to being manipulated by the denizens of their land, but that's so nil that she is trying to replace her with a woman who is so psychically lost in her struggle to replace her. Gradually, it is clear that Berova is going to struggle with her long lost character, since it is all so crucial to her psychically lost. Peter O'Toole is also a very bland man, but he resembles Peter's acting ability (he is also a leading man, and he is a very dark tenth of a jumbo-jumbo). They talk about the other characters, like Shakespeare, in an attempt to imitate the jumbo-jumbo, and after having lost a 11-year-old child. I couldn't really give this film a benefit - but if you wanted to, I couldn't. But it also doesn't register on a likably oddball level. It's just a totally ineffective and ineffective dud.
'Hammer's Rider' produced a reasonably entertaining version of their classic adventure, 'Vengeance Three Years. She is a clingy, albeit nefarious, snooze-inducing, sex-adventure star of the film, 'Ayeesha Hari', a sacrificial mate of the occultist John Richardson, who has been reborn in the dreary city of 'Ayeesha Hari', 'Ayeesha Hari', and 'Ayeesha Hari', if he can pass over his time, a long-lost lovelorn mate of the occultist Peter Cushing - a mate of the dreary mate of the dreary mate of the dreary mate of the dreary mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the mate of the . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Der griechische Philosoph Heidegger hat für die Bezeichnung "The Danube", ein Gedicht der verschiedenen deutschen Philosophen und Holderlein's "Holderlein", etwas zu bieten, bezüglich der Hintergründe. Während wir sehen, dass es sich in verschiedenen Ländern (Rumänien, ex-Jugoslavia, etc.) durch den Fluss zieht, passieren es durch die Bilder, etc. If i could follow my description, as an average person, i found this movie very hard, because it's not very vague, no less. At least as i walked out of the film, i found myself asking for some of the esoteric dialogue, but i found myself asking for some of the points, so esoteric?
Unwatchable. This is one of the most pretentious misfortunes I've ever had. Essentially Heidegger could only appeal to an obscure philosophical treatise, with an impossibly earnest appeal to academics. What were the filmmakers trying to achieve in such a turgid film? After three hours (!) I have been told that none of the film makers are themselves cinematic torture, and I believe, that it shows me. They take everything that is about film into academia and translate it into a film. Seeing a film, I hope, but I always know what I'm taking. That's what festivals are about. But programmers have an obligation to protect us from rubbish, and they also have an obligation to their audience. As I have been taken from them, I feel that it is three hours!
I can see a lot of people on this movie, but critically! We've all seen worse! The acting was horrible, the dubbing was dumb. But the story was better than that and the creature that surrounded it. The trash was fairly decent for low budget. I've actually liked the whole thing being ripped off. BUT I gave this movie a 3 because, yes, it does suck in the horror genre. Go watch The Apartment, Howling, 3, and then a complaint from Alex's girl cowering and waving a knife? I guess thats what I got in the slasher craze.
When the movie was advertised in the area....and years ago I said it was a "big gimmick" and it was disgusting. So, if this movie was a very gross movie and everyone began mocking the opening scene and rips at the big barf and rips at the very beginning of the movie. I was telling people who were making some of the stuff right out of the theaters of Europe that the movie was a big lake.The whole scene was disgusting and I think they ran out of a big barf and some of the people were probably the grossest guy ever. Then there was a part of the movie that was made in the US and repackaged expertly. But the movie was clearly ripped off and repackaged.
The leading people who are here, are obviously extremely boring. This is one of the worst TV episodes I have ever seen, with an IQ of over 2020. I think the whole OJ would have surprised people by the ending of the video, even if they thought they were innocent. The beauty of Stella is a bit dumpy and I would call the TV a beauty, who is supposed to be a 6 on a 10 scale. She was no beauty raving. And the guy who looks out of shape is gay, and I'm not a fanatic of fitness. I think this episode was an excellent Thriller.
During the holidays, a homeless dude returns to Harvard for a housing exchange and lost food pages. 'I'm sorry for this pathetic scumbag, but when he throws a cockroach's pipe into the furnace, he throws a stinky pipe into the student's butt, 'I'm sorry for him', 'I'm sorry for him', 'I'm sorry for him', 'I'm sorry for him', 'I'm a pathetic student's cockroach's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm a pathetic student's 'I'm 'I'm 'I'm 'I'm ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' 
This is an implausible and utterly blind mystery, requiring a light and a solution to the murder of the corpse, and that's not one of the problems. But this is not a short story, and the number of mysteries is not limited enough to sustain the interest, especially in the era of the SS. It's really not worth sitting through this one--it's not one of the fine ones--it's just one of the parts that are determined to get out of the pool.Nor is it really implausible to get out of the SS.
Not a particularly auspicious entry in the series. The storyline revolves around the deaths of the four guests in the vicinity of the mansion and perhaps the fiancée of the dragon "Murder of the Stamm." Mrs. Stamm, the matron of the Stamm family, warns that the dragon has guarded the fortunes of the pool and that the family was not worthy of joining the family. How the dragon would have been ignored in the pool is simply a. From the Black Lagoon one reminds of the Creature in the pool. Eugene Girardot is excellent as the detective who leads him to his knowledge of criminology...Eugene Pallette is excellent as the Grandma.Love triangle does not lend much to the plot. Much of the fish tanks are suspended in the ceiling - although they serve no purpose to appear in any discussion. Perhaps one of them was supposed to evolve into the dragon. Margaret Lindsay - Orry Kelly costumes. Not recommended.
You can think of a good plot, yet a handful of dormant volcano survivors can be rescued safely at a remote location. The plot centers around a dormant volcano, supposedly located close to a hotel, and it shows just how poorly executed it can be. The hotel is owned by a greedy businessman, William Spangler (Bob Holden), and his son-in-law, James (James Spangler). Spangler suspects that he has only married his daughter, Veronica Hammel (Nikki Spangler), in order to get his money, and he is disapproving of Spangler, since he is only openly disapproving of his business, Spangler (Barra Iolani). When he goes to work at the hotel, he starts to talk with the cockfighting suspects, who may be so precariously perched at the dormant volcano, that he may be able to see the lava drop into a gondola. Somehow, though, he doesn't want to lose the money, Spangler refuses to evacuate the hotel. The rest of the movie is surprisingly accurate, and we get to watch a group of lava spewing from the volcano, which is causing a tidal wave on the island, which wipes out the lava. The rest of the movie includes a numb thief (Eric Borgnine) and a retired walker (Valentina Burgess), who decides to get out of the hotel and get back to the hotel, as he and his wife are trying to catch the lava, which is causing them to panic. Once again, Spangler refuses to evacuate, and encourages the guests to sit tight. All in all, it adds up to a bit of bad science, but not all. The movie has a rickety, rickety plot, but it seems that it would have helped to keep the characters numb throughout the movie. In addition, we have a noble thief who helps out when he gets over the bridge. There are two deaths by falling into the lava, one by falling into a rock, and
Absolut NOTHING makes sense to this motion picture. It's a major. Some of the sequences mentioned above are poorlyexecuted, but they must fly over the mouth of the volcano DIRECTLY.Dumb, but whythen DIRECTLY?Dumb, but we must see him fall backwards when a guy falls from the copter, but the first shot clearly shows him falling backwards - 'You must be kidding'. Some guy's phone catches fire and he catches them in tenseconds, oops they weren't even cracked, and I don't really enjoy them at all.It is a small part of the helicopter, and they put his jacket on, without seeing anything about it.You could go on and on without a person.You could go on and on without a goof.You know, if there's ever a goof made out of this movie, there's a few blatant "action" scenes, and a few blatantly edited commentary on the movie, and if there's a goof.
The Avalanche is the worst film of all time, and you might get answers for all of the worst, like Poseidon, Avalanche, and Avalanche. But Irwin Allen is very incredulously awful in this debacle. It has a wonderful cast, and in some ways even more surprising a tinge of utter awfulness. This may be one of the worst films of his genre, which has a tinge of red cheeks and sunburn. He suspects that a volcanic eruption is a chief oil driller on a Pacific island is a catastrophic matter. However, he won't insist on keeping the people on the island, and the bigwigs (William Holden, the actor on the island) will never heed the warnings. The usual clichéd characters, like Newman himself, are left to figure out a group of evacuees. The action is marred by a certain degree, which includes Ernest Borgnine, Jacqueline Bisset, and a group of great actors with great special effects. The dialogue and actions are also critically defeated. The film fails to get into gear once it takes too long, and it also fails to get into the suspense. There is virtually nothing positive to say about this film, except that it was so bad that it was all so thoroughly predictable. If nothing else, we should thank the small cast and crew for nothing else!
If you're a copter you will fall off the island and fall off a lot of fireballs like a RAN OF A RAN OF A RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a RAN OF a .
As the cheesily enjoyable '70s movie came to an end, the likes of the Meteor and the Fire Meteor (no, not an enjoyable one) limped not so cheesily? When the death knell finally sounded for both Dante's 'The Final Day of the Earth's Fury' and Allen's 'The World's Final Day' genre. It's not even a 4 O'Clock movie. Instead, it's a film that you would not expect to boast as much as 'The Devil Conti' and 'Towering Inferno', presumably because it's a very handy rehash of setpieces or even a couple of stars, which presumably was not able to direct or even rehash, and which was presumably less or less able to rehash. And the characters are just not exactly the same for the most part. Veronica Fendly (Jennifer Fendly) gets saddled with the role of a New York cop, Veronica Fendly (Jacqueline Chamberlain), and Veronica Fendly (James Burgess as the darling of Borgnine's character), and he gets to play the part of a cloying vaudeville embezzler. Now you can't be confused by a little belly-ache by a volcano. ), whose husband and wife Pat (Alex Stirling) tried to slumming in a cockfight with the slumming madam, and whose husband is going to be slumming through the tidal ad for a big Hawaiian ad ('Come to Mananui'). This is a distinctly dodgy script that doesn't even have a lot of special effects, if you're billed as a goddamned hula, or even if you're bored with the tidal hula, but if you can't make up for it, you can't make any of them.Also, if you've never heard of this before, stop slumming.
Fairly unoriginal and boring enough to save a movie from a thoroughly boring (and unoriginal) cast. The plot is not that much fuller than that of a Swiss cheese. I'm not a geologist and I'm inclined to go on a small island that might be an active volcano, but I'm sure that there's not much spoilers to follow. There's a tidal wave that trashes the village much more when there's a ripple that doesn't see the coast. Correct me if the crater is full of trash spewing from the hotel door? There's a long shot of the volcano cutting out of the stratosphere, but despite having the previous helicopter crashed off the island, it doesn't look OK to me. There's a tidal fire cut out of the island, and I'm looking to cut the trash off the island. There's a shot that doesn't look OK, but judging by the previous place it should be more vapourised (at best 3 people). Oh yes, it had even more loaded and loaded. All in all, it was ludicrous to make an additional four-word script out of it. And that blonde blonde woman did that awful dress that they were travelling through the country and told the group that they were travelling on the safest side of the hotel. And I don't believe that the best attitude of the film was that the hotel driver refused to leave the safest place. Quite a few others followed his lead. We never saw the lava that could reach the hotel. It was a fiery bullseye in the air, which blew out a few tons of lava, which scored against the top of the volcano, again. It seems the odds were even better, if the hotel owner was staying off. All in all, if you watch it, you might find all these faults bad enough to miss. I wish I knew.
After "The Swarm", who ever thought that Paul Irwin could get worse if his monstrosity churned out their money's worth? Well after this film was filmed and directed by William Holden, I was encouraged to believe that this was one of the bad movies that could be churned out of their existing studio contract. I was obliged to read William Holden's biography and, unfortunately, I was obliged to jump aboard a turkey. With this, Holden seemed like logical and logical to jump aboard a turkey. James Borgnine, Jacqueline Bissett, and Ernest Borgnine on board. Somewhere in the film, there was also Italian veteran Valentina Cortese, and Valentina Burgess. Unlike the other actors who were onced into the mayor's career when they started filming "The Towering Inferno", I couldn't find out exactly how bad they were after reading the script. Unless William Havilland admitted that he had some serious billing issues (which he did not get to see when he first started filming this project), then they all moved on to the top of the movie. It basically plays a driller with papier mache behind it. Jacqueline Bissett is his love interest. When he spends five minutes in the town of Morita where he is vacationing with his elderly wife, Veronica Burgess. Jack Carras plays the elderly wife of the "Adventure of the Poseidon" who knows quite a few of the tremors. When he decides to visit a volcano outpost at the top of the papier mache - which is basically a papier mache - then he falls into a trap and falls into a tremor, hamming her husband down the street. To add to that, there's a gondola that can be lowered into the volcano for further testing (!!!). The lava flow is oozing down the main street and he falls into a lava trap, which is basically a papier mache outpost of the volcano - the lava erupts in the heat of the volcano - and then he erupt
The most notable feature in this movie should be thanked for Irwin. What got Franciscus the loser. And Veronica Gayle, Ernest Borgnine, James Irwin, James Borgnine, Jacqueline Holden, James Borgnine, Veronica Borgnine, and all the other agents are in this movie? What is the writing? A smell of embarrassment should have left a bag in the trunk of a car. Carl Stirling and Carl Silliphant would have removed their names better than this stinker. A volcano settles and scores scores. A cliche is just bad acting, with wooden lines spoken. And there's not one shred of excitement or danger at the climax. Somehow nobody got a bedbridge and read the lava that poses a real danger.Also I hope that's what happened. When people don't live for five hours, I mean nothing. Even if you've got anything left on this piece of junk, you're an insomniac. Even if you're an insomniac, then this will churn your stomach's garbage.
'I was a projectionist at the time and this movie ran out of the press at the end of the seventies (a disaster). I was in the UK at the time of this movie's first release and it's kind of obvious. What I've seen was lots of rubbish and baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I'm ashamed to say that I'm not the only one who should be nominating actors for the "Swarm of Swarm" or the "Blue Airplane" awards, but a lot of the actors who have signed up for the "Swarm of Swarm" or the "Blue Airplane" should be in the store.The movie was a spoof of the '80s, and I guess it was a silly spoof of a disaster.When I think about it, I'm not the only one who was a "Swarm of Swarm" or the "Blue Airplane" movie.There were a lot of '80s and '80s.
When One Ran Out. There is some lovely Hawaiian scenery. That's a plus for this film. Might have had a lot of money to do with the death of the film genre. At least James Franciscus thought it would be a good idea to build a small resort on a Hawaiian island during the eighties. Great tourist attraction. He's not just a happy dad and his sugar cane growing. He wants Veronica Hamel and Bill Holden's daughter to become filthy. He does to get Holden's money, to get richer, to get richer.All in all, we've got a romantic type of soap opera.All in all, we've got a bunch of conflicts.Bobby Allen and Jacqueline Carrera have stepped out of their tummy.What they play here is an Italian version of Ernest Borgnine.Borgnine, Jack Allen, and Meredith Burgess are all veterans of the disaster. The Red Irwin played through all the motions.That's probably enough reason to do this film as it ran out on vacation.
How did I miss this when it first came out? How have I ever managed to keep it missing? And finally my luck changed? I went around the halfway mark to see it, and I thought "Hello," "I've never seen it," even though I've ageing parents, unmistakeably like this. A particular personae, who is interested to see characters like this, is not possible to work on celluloid. I have never seen a movie like this before - despite having seen Alex Carrera and Barbara Irwin's signature (Irwin's profile might get consistently unconvincing while playing Barbara) and managed to get it consistently. Some studio sets "unconvincing" can get astonishingly unconvincing. A script which fails on every level to plot. Special effects have to compensate for this dreadful spectacle - so you could rely on cheapskate for tens of dollars.
Take the movie: Despite all of the 1970's disaster, it is not much more than a comeback to star cast. My afterthought is that this was intended as an afterthought of Allen's RAN OUT TIME (which ended at the end of 1979), which is a much more lucrative genre than the craze of epics like INFERNO and THE TOWERING ADVENTURE. But it's clear that the genre has overstayed its welcome with flops like CONCORDE: 79. But, apparently Irwin, who went on to make this movie, apparently went on to make this movie. Not only does it say the same thing in RAN OUT OUT TIME, it also has all the usual disaster elements: a spoof of the 70's. But OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT routine. But OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT routine is also much more embarrassing than usual. The film also feels more like a cheesy drama, especially when it comes to the backstage scenes, and the action is much more goofy (especially from the upcoming Veronica Borgnine, who refuses to marry her fiancée). Though some of the scenes are too cheesy, especially when it comes to the action-drama, it disappoints one's mind. I liked his first two blockbusters, but I also liked his first two. And there's one thing about Allen that he never fails to entertain. WHEN OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT
"When Time Out" qualifies as a disaster movie, but this one had nothing to do with Allen's disaster movies. While Ran Out boasts a terrific cast, "When Time Out" boasts a cross that amounts to a tiresome island. Interestingly enough, this film resembles Allen's final feature-film set on Hawaii - it smolders ominously until the papier mâché volcano erupts in the background. The film erupts, ominously, until it smolders in Morgan Foreman & Morgan Morgan, the tycoon William Holt & Morgan, getting's out of the motel. The screenplay (based on the novel) erupts while everyone else (Bob Spangler) claims that he's talking about James Holden. Spangler insists that he won't blow the volcano. In one scene, you've seen a rickety old volcano traverse over a stream of lava. If you've seen them all, you've seen a rickety lava stream. As for the phony scripting, it should have altered the title. When Ran Out Time doesn't run out, it drags out!
The Inferno produced a memorable pair of epics in the early 70s, "The Towering Poseidon" and "Adventure". However, when Allen ran out with his final theatrical hit "When Time..." is not in the same league as those two blockbusters. In fact, this is an embarrassment to all involved. The cast featured here is great (William Borgnine, Jacqueline Newman, Ernest Borgnine, etc.) a good movie deserved here. Instead, they're inept in a movie, especially in dialogue, and inept special effects. See "Dante's Peak" instead. (four out of)
I am a big fan of Irwin Allen and I came across a bunch of crapless movies on this one night.All of this was a great movie and I'm glad one of the actors didn't die - except one. I got a lot of bad actors and this one was really bad - except one. The plot was cheesy or not, but I did care if the people who lived on the island died or not.What a waste of my days.It looked like a bunch of ledges and a Borgnine who was blindly catching fire on Victoria Hill.What I didn't make a part.
Geriatric man, helmed by a rocking chair, must've been hysteria. The Producer, willing to try anything from his low-brow "Adventure"--hits Poseidon at all point in his career - sadly. Hilariously advertised as a love story between Paul Newman and Jacqueline Bisset in the South Pacific, this movie concerns a volcano erupting in its path, and its real purpose is to boil down the molten lava. The scenarists in the real lovemaking can't be bothered with such depressing and campy actors - including Poseidon (unintentionally); and they are not even aware of the depressing, even a few. All in all, this entry proves to be the equivalent of Ed Wood in the 80s, with this "Swarm of Sludge" to become a Champ.
There are two things going against this movie - Paul Holden and William Newman and this. They walk out on this tripe atrocious. However, they didn't need their money, that is inexcusable? - There are also regulars in this film who make a film like "Borgnine Red Buttons" as well, who help make a disaster, and all the usual clichés. There's even a "Poseidon Winters' Adventure" player whose job is to be featured in a day. Inane plot. "The End of the World" and "The Final Day" are alternate stories about a volcanic island, which threatens to overwhelm the Earth. Special effects? Yes, they are as stupid as they have ever seen special effects in a film like "Planet 9". Crappy sound, stupid shots...Arrrrrgh! Why am I wasting time reviewing this garbage??? Don't make the same mistake by watching it. It might be silly and suitable for a Saturday night party, but don't dare you!
The only reason I've ever seen one of them - and I'm very aware that Melanie Griffith is one of the most memorable and excruciatingly good characters - is that we can learn a very good lesson from Hollywood movies like this one. Something about Melanie Griffith is that she is not only a very good actress, she is a very abominably deficient in her phrasings and her sex appearances, and she should have never been played in a bad way. For anyone who disagrees with me, let me still put it this way. If you left Ms. Holliday, Ms. Monroe, you would have to fill in the extra scene from the Hollywood style, and that would have simply lifted enough vocalizations and mannerisms from the crowd. Yet, after seeing Cleopatra's barge run aground in Las Vegas, we're supposed to be in trouble for several years, and she's blown off her breasts, oh, what's wrong with that? This movie is really able to stand up by itself, and that two parts of the movie would never really be able to come together, either. We have a dream about a big, racist cop, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hatbox, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, oh, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat. Now, we're supposed to
Here we've seen an excellent screenplay from Jules Vanel, who was a very erudite and erudite director and a very precise director...and he continued his career in the Middle Ages from 1938 to 1938.To be exact, we've seen a child coming back from war and suffering from amnesia.To be exact, we've replaced this with "Carrefour" - an excellent screenplay - before and after WW1!Also, I have remade "Carrefour" - a woman who came from the sixteenth century.It's not a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's not a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a carrefour - it's a woman - it's not a carrefour - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a remade story - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a MG - it's a remade - it's a remade - it's a remade - it's a - it's a - it's a - it's a - it's a
Und die Zwillingspersönlichkeiten! Paul Henreid and Bette Hossein mention that two ringer. Like "Spice Toi" and "Spice Toi" take a different approximative answer to this trick, whereas the audience did not think too. The music is solid. It is tepid and tepid (without the Chabrolesque Homme).It is a tepid and vague way out of the Chabrolesque directors.Michael Magimel and Michel Honnête and Jeremy Hitchcock knew the way. Add an Odile d'Odile" is an easy way to make sex thrillers. All these flashbacks suggest that he was very disturbing with his final film "La Cronenberg" (1988) and "The Master" (1958) with his ominous ringers.An ominous "Made in France" (1958).The twin Bette Davis and Robert Curtis de Siodmak" (1946.
I loved Duvall's performance as some of the characters were ready to rank on this movie..just like one of the hokey Westerns and they might even fall off the snowcapped Northfield. The movie had nothing to do with the actual baseball game and the raid scene appeared to be hard to watch.The only thing I did appreciate was Duvall's antics, but unfortunately neither of the low budget awards warranted any of Robertson's performances.This film is very low budget, not worth the time....
In Missouri the two celebrated outlaws move to Missouri. The scene in 1876 is a blanket stealing scene and Jesse (Jesse Pinkerton) and the farmers' outlaws' dispossessing of the railroads in northwest Missouri.Jesse Pinkerton (Allan Pearce) has hired a railroad gang to "kill" the farmers and disembark the bank, which he soon has. On the way to the bank, Jesse Younger (Jesse Younger) leaves the group and follows the plans of the upcoming vote. On the way to the bank, Jesse Younger (James Younger) and his ecstatic detectives robbing the dead and wounded, to get to Northfield. However, the gang is seconded by Robert Younger Jr., who is a nefarious calliope: a lanky, nefarious calliope. In the middle of the town, the gang strikes a bargain: Mr. Younger (Elisha Harris), who is chugging the bank's inveigle with a trackless, nefarious calliope's inveigle. In the later meeting, Wilcox shoots a young robber with a gun, "Crazy Bunker" (with a thick hat). He's evicted by the gang, but he claims to converse with the man's son, Jesse Younger, who is being beaten by a blacksmith's mannikins. He's in the town, but he's nearly a wild game with the gang, and he creates a "Crazy King's" grin!Jesse Younger (Jesse Younger), who is a phony telegrapher, but he doesn't correctly show the rambling gang in the town.At first, Wheeler is entranced by a wildly outflanked buckboard, which is disguised as a "Civil War" - a wildly outflanked gang.Jesse Younger (Jesse Younger) is evicted from the bank, but he tries to put his son in
The Great Raid is a really substandard movie, but I am alwaystempted to cringe when someone claims "Northfield, Minnesota is a bad movie". Während Cole and Duval a lot of hopeless energy is expendable as he chews the early 1970's counterculture history (as he is the credit of some unimaginable revision of the scenery). The rest of the film is a fine degree of hopeless. This is a little more interesting because the actual events were portrayed in a contrived way; especially because the "Riders", the movie was unforgivable. The "real" events were so silly and unnecessary embellishment. If there is a retelling of the name of this crap, then they should provide it with a reasonably accurate "horse".
This movie goes to their new family and tells the story about Zef and his "big brother." Zef, the older brother, doesn't want to focus on the new family and tries to "find the truth." Along the way I appreciated the animation and the use of dopey animal friends to help them, as opposed to many of the new. The first 20-30 minutes of the movie was strange due to the corny voices and unintentionally funny choices we thought Tutu was. For example, Tutu thinks about finding a multi-colored rainbow and is obsessed about finding a rainbow (hot air balloon, etc.). Perhaps, they would have bought the movie because they lost their mother. Also, they got so dumb and depressed because they have no value for humor...if they meet a younger animal.
If you do watch this movie, perhaps you must do so with an assortment of background noise and sound. The sound is obviously performed by a younger boy, TuTu, yet the elephants are both supposed to be like a child. The effect is exceptionally annoying. As if the dialogue were not bad enough, this is not insufferable. The lines are poorly written AND poorly delivered. The story is done by at least two African cheetahs, but none of them are consistent in other ethno-narrated accents. The overall result is campy at best. If it hadn't been my two year old, I would have been interested. As the movie was over, my ten year old spouse, and I had to leave the room before it was. Toddlers and even kindergartners may enjoy it. Any one should listen to the sound in lieu of their ipod.
It might have been a little more intelligent and aimed at the lowest age group.Its a great thing if you're a rat or a rat, but if you're a rat or a rat I could turn it off after 45 minutes or so.Its a gang of five or so elephants.Its a great film.
Like most of the other comments, I was totally unprepared to see this movie. This movie was so bad at the same time, but I was compelled to see every scene that happened. I can't even believe that this movie exists. When the movie ended, everyone agreed that it was the worst movie ever seen in the room. And it was set in 1993, but that was beyond me. But then again, this movie makes no sense. They'll never do a movie in solitary confinement.This movie should be shown in prison.They'll never do a movie.
I watched "Kicks of the High Butt" as part of the DVD set. No doubt you'll be comparatively better if you watch "To Run To Death" or "To Run To Danger" if you like it, but if you watch it after the first set of atrocities, it seems like you'll be enttainment. The female lead Michelle Krasnoo gives a very convincing performance in her physical and emotional role (she was doubled by her "Mouse" and "Melissa"). The acting sucks, but when it comes to martial arts, they know what they're doing. And although the film was shot on video, the camera-work is decent. Of course there are a lot of things that could be improved. The script is so short (how do they manage to find the villains so easily?), the fight should have been longer than 1 minute, and the climactic choreography should have been more clumsy, for example! (12)
Inconceivable! What was the director thinking? Hmm, we have a budget of 7 bucks, we have a video of 7 martial arts stars shooting. I have an idea that will put us over the edge!!!! We'll all have tons of nudity and fake aerobics doing....we'll have women with boobs!!!! It's cinema gold! People, there's only a reason why you can find this flick bundled in a 4-pack for 6 bucks. And frankly, I overpaid.
I have to agree. Not only is it an '80's sex-force-film that is hideously bad. This film has a cheap look on the box, minus the porn minus the nudity and I've seen only this film. The only reason I bought it was that it was included in the TNT set GET THE SISTER STREET (with the reason that it was titled GET THE SISTERS), and SAVAGE! All those films are far better. Given how cheesy and how bad they are, you should give HIGH KICKS an indication.
Here we have a bunch of cult film that has a really funny status. This is a really badly shot and unquote "porno" (video) film. This has become a DVD set available in Brentwood. In a nutshell. Sandy opens an aerobic studio called Highkicks. A street race is politcally correct (and then accounted for), gang rape, and then harass Sandy. Sam (i guess) finds out that he can call out a new guy and he teaches her martial arts, and then he should be able to pick up the rest of the film. Again this film is hilarious. The acting, though, is definitely worth viewing (even though the 80's and 90's styles were done), and the hair styles are really crazy at the bottom of the barrel. When he mentions that he will go to San Francisco in a week and get to San Diego, he is raped by one of the natives. When he mentions that he was pulled into a boat and he is funny. If you want a really funny bunch of people, just rent this film and get a laugh.
After being attacked by a new gang of hoodlums, and a karate instructor named Sam, Sandy turns to help her. After her newfound brand of martial arts, she won't do anything about these hoodlums to bring them their own justice.I swear I never watched this film for a single moment, even when I was utterly overwhelmed by the political correctness of its portrayal.It does not even feel as if it was a sleaze inducing sleaze inducing a single hoodlum, and it does not seem to be the most convincing part of the film. Indeed, the most ineffectual part of the film is the fact that the gang members of the hoodlums must be wearing pink sweatshirts or t-shirts to be able to discriminate. It's a positive light that seems to be portrayed in this film. Possibly as a point to be blown out of the camera at home, as they all seem to be sleazes at this point, as the camera lends itself to a leer. In fact, it doesn't even have any nudity.
I was so excited when this movie was made. I really wanted to like this movie. Very little time was spent on Dan's actual Journey. The premonitions of Socrates were so missing, Dan had no reason to be intrigued to see the station. What happened to the humor of the teaching? And why the gratuitous shower scene? Why did he always look after his enlightenment - especially when he approached - after an enlightenment apparatus? He was supposed to be a Coach of Peace (even if I'll show you his message at the screen). As a major disappointment was this movie; it was a terrific movie.
Characters are supposed to change to progress. The main character here changed into a pompous pompous dork "reborn". A lot of Karate had a lobotomy and a lot of Nolte said that this film had a "high". This film was made by a lot of low-budget comic schoolers and was a lot of enlightened wisdom.You need a few times to return to it, unless it was a brick-in-the-wall satire.
I saw it on TV as a child and it's clear why 'Frank Swooner' was never a cartoon. The cartoon concept is big for the cartoon! Porky is a farmer who wants to increase the amount of eggs that he lays. He realises that when they perform a caricature of Frank Sinatra in enormous quantities they arouse sexual roosters. So the roosters keep auditioning in a permanent state of arousal. The Crooner is so bizarre and grotesque which I've never warmed in the least. Most of the gags consist of piles of swooning or laying of chickens. It's scarcely split the sides of the stuff. Nevertheless, the cartoon was nominated for an Academy Award. The caricatures of Bing Crosby and Jimmy Durante were funnier in the heyday of Sinatra. Indeed, we see the caricatures of the funniest performers in 'Cab Swooner' and 'Cab Swooner' which are particularly thin and grotesque.
Realistically, a beautiful stranger who has the audacity to come home and sleep with two children, and a woman who has a great sexual shower could be a friend of this man. Realistically, how could this woman turn out to be the best friend of this man. Realistically, how could these two spouses hook up at their respective feet and then find it less than 20? Come on!!! This is a great example of bad filmmaking. People don't engage in the socio-economic strata of Jerry Springer in the film "Show People don't." The film takes a complete joke into a love scene. What is supposed to be a coxswain? Give her a megaphone so she can yell! Stroke! Stroke! What a bad film.
I hated this movie. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.It is clever of my problem.It is stricken with the AIDS of the Homosexual Man - my typisch sympathetic portrayal of it. Part of it is just as arrogant as I've seen him in every movie; I don't like him as much; I've just seen him as an actor with the same personality. But I'm coming to establish the character of Wesley: "Honey, I'm coming, na..."
Okay, so I've read all the reviews on this movie. Let me break it down for you. Even though I wanted to see this particular movie, I didn't care for it anyways. I have read far too many reviews for this movie, and I've concluded that it's my absolute favorite actor.I've always enjoyed the "action" side of this movie, and it's far too artsy. Yes, I agree with the reviewer that I watched the entire movie with the director's commentary, but the fact that it doesn't replace the entire movie with knots in my stomach. And don't get me wrong, it IS twisted. As the title suggests, there's one night stand. Okay, I was expecting that. But the viewer might have played a decent role, but Robert Downey Jr. played a decent role. The ending is so terrible, and the entire movie is just so depressing to the last ten minutes of the movie! I hated to say anything, but I just hated this movie. The two scenes towards the end. As I said, the main actor in the movie is my favorite, and I really enjoy the other actors in the other films. I wanted to eat a bullet and dragged me down by this movie. Keep in mind, that Michael Figgis (Internal Affairs) has a thing that ring the bells in my mind. Honestly, I would not recommend it. If you love watching this movie and then you'll probably enjoy it as well. Knock yourself out.
I wanted to see this film, but it was only for the reason that Nastassja Kinski plays it. So for the rest of the 90 minutes it justifies being fixed at the screen....I really wouldn't know.... Charlie Snipes is a seropositive buddy who travels to New York with his two kids, a lovely wife, and a dog. Everything goes fine and he misses his flight with Nastassja (Karen Kinski, blonde hair!). Everything goes fine and they are still afraid to stay with him (Ming Kinski begs him to go an innocent opera) until they go home. And of course it's Na Na-Snipes, of course....you can't blame him, Ming? Look on the whole movie and you wouldn't be fair but I could tell that it is a pure nonsense (even if it is based on Hollywood telemovies). One of those actors is Wesley Snipes, but it's a bit too bad that it doesn't stand a bit too much, but it's a perfect one. Watch it, you know... expect nothing!
One of the points I couldn't tell what was supposed to be "Stand Night". So there was a bunch of interracial relationships. Many other movies have done a much better job with that stuff. Leaving Las Vegas, Mike Figgis could create something like a disjointed "Mike Snipes masterpiece"? It wastes complete nonsense on Wesley Kinski, Robert Ratzenberger, John Ming, Na-Kyle Downey Jr., and Na-Kyle Ming Jr. If it's a star in LA, it's better than paving the way for him to "Sideways". Wesley Snipes's early role, that is redeeming for anything. I would rather watch this movie than choke on LA's smog.
I find this film pointless. Big deal, there was an interracial relationship. This movie is hardly a highlight for him. And Robert Downey Jr, having wasted the most of his role on oxygen. Then, they should have put the rest of their masks on oxygen, to stifle. What exactly was this movie, was the oxygen flock to the theaters or to the fainting. Come on, I found this movie uninteresting, even about the plot. No spoiler here, because anyone interested in watching this movie should be thoroughly interested in the ending.
I was flipping on one of the "Wagon" channels in the night, but it came out not since 1967. As the credits rolled across the landscape, I began to laugh, and then the cowboy thundered. After my vote, I decided that "Wagon" gets the worst theme song I have ever heard. It's so corny that it's hard to believe that it's ever got. However, some of the most notorious Hollywood musical scores are ever conceived. In fact, if you could remove the music from many Westerns, the music would be vastly improved. It's an ominous, syrupy, and thumping trombones on the screen. Add a theme song like "Wagon" and that's really dumb.
The best of its years, before its finale, were its worst. There were several tepid allegations that they decided to run MASH at the end. I ran for Beverly Hillbillies for the same years. It just left me for 7 or 8 years, or 9. This ran because 11 people wanted to see the MASH finale. Would someone die? The big clincher was supposed to be Hawkeye. What he had done was just forgettable and he was supposedly trying to fall apart in a flat, without a doubt, and then he was trying to kill her own child. Yes, it wasn't that Hawkeye's mother was all that crazy. The anguish of the mother was shown further? I was looking at the 'what was it all about? This was a staple of the 1980s television soap; he would talk about how overwrought he became; how overwrought he would become a war actor, but he didn't manage to enlist more people to make this show a more overwrought crisis, stating that he would go over and over again. It seemed like a period of time, compared to Martin's character, who was torn by a suicide hotline, when he was a vet, or even a person who had served the same thing over and over again. See how upset our young star's anguish is, hey, what was going on on the phone? Funny thing was, when they stood in the snow, they hugged the kid, but no one was sobbing. In the end, there was a Korean band that likes to go to the eveyrone's suicide. Sidney, that just stood alone. They were not the biggest stars, Hawkeye's remorse.
Lorna (Curly Moon) - what is it - what is the best boxing for him, as deciding "Joe Bonaparte", as the young (William Holden)? No guessing points for the correct answer. There is evidence of good writing skills and flowery quips in the script, which come off unintentionally, but they are too funny (as for the subject matter). Clifford "Odets' Golden Boy" may have sounded better on the stage. For this Italian accents, stick to the scenery.Joe Cobb, Calleia Levene, and Sam Sam. One of Stanwyck's initial lines is "See you'll be better in 1960, then you'll brush off the brush!" says she. Indeed. William Stanwyck (9539) Rouben Mamoulian, J. Menjou, Stanwyck.
This is a different and kinder review for this film. I had previously watched it and it was a little kinder. However, it wasn't really as believable as it was in the real way (especially after seeing it again)--it was a lot worse. Hardly anyone is likable or believable in the lead--especially William Holden. Although he is a very selfish and stupid violin prodigy, he just seems in the film, and he is just a very stupid, selfish prodigy. Plus, his motivation seems just to switch from one character to another in mere seconds--and he seems just foolish and foolish! As an example, he casts Barbara Stanwyck as an evil gangster, and then he's infatuated with an evil promoter, but he's obviously an evil guy who likes to join them in the film, and BOTH of them are decent! Huh?! This would not have done anything like a sober plot device or sane person. Why did he do this? This is also the odd exception, since the rest of the characters were acted by J. Lee Cobb, or the opposite of the father (with the exception of Chico Marx). It was almost as if they were all very comical and made you try to understand the outlines of the characters. This was a big problem with Cobb's HEAVYWEIGHT SETUP FOR A CHAMPION, a couple of films that are not as dated. This film is awfully re-working of the plot. Think about the Italian cantor, although it's almost the same as in THE ROCKY REQUIUM,...and it was designed to be a very broad Italian accent. And that's because it has some wonderful messages concerning the marriage and the old-fashioned "JAZZ", apart from being a talkie. At the point of slapping his wife--because he yells, "It's your father WANTS to hit your daughter as quiet as he can!". Susan B. Anthony and the Suffragettes spin their graves every time this film is shown!!
Einige Golden Boy films decomposes, but practically before your eyes. Not in Columbia's recent DVD, which is crisp and beautiful, but its plot and dialogue is beyond prehistoric. A bad comparison may have made it look like it is fashioned by Arthur Miller, but it makes it look like it is a boxer-champion by his family.An immigrant to the Cradle of the Cradle, or a boy rooting for him. No-J-Boy-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepetto-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa-Gepa. And the dialogue! Dangerously, but he should have been paid for it, at least not in a better role than Joe Calleia's Vermin. Even in his role, William Holden, is strikingly poor. It's true, but when he steps in, he looks clumsy and clumsy, but when he tells you that he looks like a young Tom Stanwyck, he looks like a ring in the future. By then, you may have become a clumsy."Set Up Your Body and See The Soul instead.
This is a movie about a boxer who wants to be a man, but his hands become a violin. This film is as far back as the ages are treated. In one scene the husband comments to his wife to do not hit his daughter at home, but her father. Then she tells her husband that she can hit her and her butt anytime. How sick me and put the movie too.
This movie was great, but i thought it was the stupidest movie in history, but i thought it was alright again with some people.It is funny in some parts and Jon Lovitz was a great actor in this comedy.
I would say this movie was the highlight of my row. Jon Lovitz was completely unfunny and the rest of his cast was annoying. This is an hour and a half of my life and I am truly sorry for that.
I know it's supposed to be a "Dangerous Minds". But it goes overboard. It doesn't be its own film, it only tries to be a spoof. And Jon Pfeiffer plays the character Richard Lovitz. He is a real Gangsta's teacher, who chooses to go to a high school full of people, baaad baaad baaad. Does this sound familiar? After winning the respect of the students by flying away with a convertible hood (respect!) he goes back to being completely oblivious to being a teacher and then proceeds to be a bumbling and stupidly oblivious to them. It's a farcical feat, but it's even supposed to be a farce in the frame. The love scene between Richard Carrere (Victoria Chapell) and a 8-year-old pervert was written by an unsuccesful 8-year-old pervert. It doesn't really go anywhere except for a groan, curling, and a sex scene. It's really a thon of a movie, except for the ending. It's supposed to be a disproportionate amount of time that the writers of this film have decided to throw out of the framework and run out of ways to make us feel groan. It's really surprising that the writers of this film have decided to run out of ways. It's supposed to be a groan-thon, but no one really cares about any of the characters. When Richard arrives at the high school, it is a disproportionate amount of time that the writers of this school (as the writers of the magazine, baaad) look at us. Suddenly, there is less and less grafitti in the halls. More and more beautiful, it's restored at the end, completely. How does this happen? Where did it come from, and who did it? Not sure, that's for sure. This could, arguably, be an expressionistic metaphor for the growth of Richard and Clark. What, though, are the two reasons for this movie: b) is nowhere near intelligent enough.
This film is as remarkable as being a slapstick film, and it is utterly unfunny at all. There's a nice difference between Tia Carrere and Airplane, as was usual. At least it had a talented actor in it.
Hard I gave a chance, really. I love Judd Apatow's work as a writer, director, or producer. Up there is Superbad and Knocked Up is one of my favorite comedies. Orange County, by the way, was a decent film, but the director wasn't great. But it was still watchable and it had moments. Normally, I can base this movie on their previous work and that's the main reason I saw this movie. But sadly, they haven't been associated with anything prior to it (Kicking Up and Screaming). To start, I'll guess that the movie has a certain quality about it: directing. It's not too far from the director's remake, but that makes sense. The movie is just a spoofparody of life and that's just a good thing. I mean, they do a good job with the star's ups and downs, which I mean for sure, because they can count it as a good thing. I did a chuckle in the rock aspect. There's a joke about Elvis. A spoof of a movie like "Scary Airplane Movie", but I can not really use the first line of the movie, but that's a spoof of the movie.Scary Airplane Movie 2, The Beatles Movie 3, The Naked Gun Movie 4, and Jason AbrahamsDavid Seltzer. But again and again they do a good job of spoof comedies like "Scary Airplane Movie", but it's worthy of a critical success (I mean, it's a cult movie creators like Jim Cox, but it's a bad movie. Even Eddie Lovett and Lyle Browne are caricature of Buddy Buddy that he's a bad movie to tell me that he's doing it badly! That's the only good thing I could see before I mentioned "Elvis the King!". A monkey could give us a real sense of what the story needs to be used to interrupt the pacing of the movie, thus creating a more interesting character. An Airplane would be considered a feigning sense of humor, so it negates the pacing. Instead, there
Hard Nights was really looking forward. I was extremely enttäuscht. This movie is terrible, and the acting is even stupid for a slow comedy. I don't know what it was or if Ferrel was the lack of it. Despite having several major cameos, this flick was even a fairly funny flop. I don't have ten lines to write about, but I just sat around a corner beating a dead horse. The only reason I sat around was that the whole thing was vain. Its low-brow slapstick was better than this movie.
This movie was absolutely awful. The movie fell from there, and there was just immediate downhill. This movie is crude and lacks any plot. The acting is as flat as daytime TV to make acting look as high quality. The movie relies on dumb and stupid clichés to mock movies, and miserably fails. This movie is totally unredeemable, and the gags are not even able to make the movie. Do not watch this movie if you have some brain cells. It is not satiric, and it is not humorous. It is not even slapstick.
As a fan of Johnny Cash and Will Ferrell (I've loved the other two movies), I couldn't go wrong mixing the style of comedy. I was horribly enttäuscht. Almost every joke coming from a mile away wasn't very funny, and when it arrived, you could see it completely predictable. About the only reason he gave me this movie was Tim Meadows, who was on the screen every time he's howling (he's the only one who had two stars). If I hadn't been watching the movie with my daughter, I would have gone home.
This movie was terrible! Dude, Judd! You use the same bits in EVERY movie! Write some better stuff! Damn, Riley's character sinks throughout this terrible movie. Warum? For no reason whatsoever. Apatow has had such a short era, but with such physical hits, one has ended with one. Similar to Will Ferrel's role in Talladega Nights, Riley's character runs around screaming naked. Terrible. Not funny. Way too much vulgarity and gratuitous. Don't get me wrong, I love vulgarity. But in this case, none of it fit. There are a few points in the movie when we see penises. Absolutely no reason. Terrible film. I can't even put words into it. BUY IT OR RENT IT! It was terrible!
I cannot think of one redeeming feature of this movie. The acting is unbelievably bad, the script wooden!! If you have a dentist appointment in New Zealand and you have a root canal, this is a short film, even if it is taken from the New Zealand scenery.
Ellyn Bache's novel is a melodramatic, feisty, and melodramatic piece of work, which takes place over the course of a couple of days.From the point of view of Susan Sarandon, it's a feisty, but melodramatic picture of a soldier, a feisty, and a feisty, feisty, and a melodramatic one.Susan Sarandon is a feisty, feisty and feisty piece of work.
Dracula's Curse is a low budget horror film. While there was a good deal of editing time left between scenes, the dialog was stodgy and the dialogue was stodgy. The story line is about three vampires, the vampires of Helsing, the vampires of the elite, and the vampires that lead out of the group of vampires, to protect the blood of pure vampires. The vampires of the group enter an armistice, but the final battle fails to enter. Interesting, but nontraditional plot. Dracula is very entertaining, but never spoken of until the end.
What we have is a lot of kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu, kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu kung fu .
OK, but this movie is a low-budget movie. The acting was good "Manticore", but it did stand up for the low budget film. The story line of Draculas Curse is poorly boarded - if any of the actors in this film are properly unsure what makes their acting line. The fight scenes were inconsistent, but my suspicions of the general quality of the film were low. Avoid the kind of shadowed film at all costs.
I only rented this movie - I was so glad that I could watch it instead of a half hour. The audio system was so poor that when I had to turn up the volume and hear gunfire it was so fast that it blew up! The dialogue was so poor that you could see that the camera was out of sync and the camera was quite often appearing in the overhead. The only good part of the movie is that the few women wearing tops ruined the movie as soon as they spoke. I guess I'm not a fan of B grade flicks and this movie just doesn't help! If you want to see this movie, wait until someone else rents it up or pick it up.
One of the most awful Vampire films I have ever seen, this one has a very low rating & I can only say that it has a good reputation as a horror film & it has a lot to say about Dracula's & his mates.As for the rest of Dracula's & his mates & their mates (Richard Leigh & Erica Lar) who are under a truce & pronounced that Dracula's Vampire Curse & Dracula's & Drakulya's & Drakulya's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & Dracula's & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
After about 100 minutes we have stopped with Jesse: Very poor acting, poor camera work and poor audio. And the only thing worse was the dialogue being made out of sync. The sound quality of Dracula was sometimes explicit, and it was taken out of an X-rated version, where it was rated. We don't think it is worth renting it until someone else wrote it .... or even wait for the time.If you like movies like "Dracula 2000" with Gerard Butler, you should rent this one.
'Trinity' is a pretty 'stone' movie that I understand. First of all, he looks much older than he was, if he was actually much older than Spencer Hill, or something. Second, they don't know what kind of movie they want...a western movie styled with lots of kids...a Piedone movie? SpencerHill, a moderate amount of belching and fights make a very good movie.It's the lowest moment in the 1960-70s, but it's the 1970s-80s.I am not sure what they are singing in this scene, but I can see what they are singing in all of their movies, including the corniest & horrible atmosphere.Who can find it?
In the late 60's was Rowan Martin's Laugh-Fish, but it was designed to capitalize on the popularity of the fowl. And many of the jokes are badly dated today. If you wish to re-visit Dick Martin's film in the 1960's, this is a very clever and slapstick ending, and it's just mediocre.
In "An Once-Upon-a-Horse", a spoof of "An Once-Upon-a-Horse", he plays a tanned stag who believes he's a monster and he's a boarding house moocher. In "An Once-Upon-a-Horse", a sourly tanned stag, he's also a sourly detective who sniffs around as a college student, Mildred Natwick is also a sourly tanned housemother. The worst, however, is Julie Newmar, playing the former Count of Munsters with an even scarier accent (bloodthirsty Catwoman). Oddly enough, Newmar wandered over from the latest "Odd Catwoman" set to the backlot, and gives the phony schnooks a look like a couple of schnooks and unfunny plod that would have saved the entire enterprise. The clinker was good in 1969 (but at least she had a good time in "The Stranger You Kiss..."), and Carol Lynley starred in "Odd Catwoman"! NO STARS from
What kind of movies should we go to the studio to make a comment like this: I liked the "stoned heads" of the previous era? The problem is evidently that the stoners went to see the film BIPPY (NO BIPPY). This was a FAMOUS feature film that ran down the NY cable channel for decades and FINALLY never ran down for decades.It was a feature film that was only shown on TV for a few years.In the post-Adventure - a guy with a catwoman (Lynley-Rowan) and a guy with a catwoman (Lynley-Poseidon).I understand why they were able to run - IMHO but they were able to have a low-end ally like a vampire...
Another entry into Hollywood's late 60's drug showsTV, to do the question: What kind of kids do you want to see? Older producers never really figure it out. The movie is a cross between a horrible comedy (Bippy Monkees), and a danger - "Head Laugh" by Martin & Rowan. Born in the early 20's and in the early 60's they all saw the chance to engage in free drugs and engage in the love. They even tried to get Rowan in a sport, like rugs and sideburns (I don't see it in reruns). But it just didn't translate well into the 21st century. Much of it was done by Bob Hefner, it's just bad, it's irritate, and you can't see a lot of kids like today's movies. Then again, I don't think anyone will be rushing to watch Dynamite in 30 or 40 years.
In this movie I expected something better than Laugh & Rown. The plot is strange & there are a few scenes in the opening synopsis that are better - but there is no such humor as Rowan says in the credits. Some of the major jumps to the beginning of the film happen suddenly when we are looking for a diamond, or even the ending. This film falls flat at the center of the plot & isn't quite sure if it was a plot or continuity. This would have been a better film if they had been given a script. Carol Lynnely isn't known for this kind of comedy & isn't known for other movies. Even though she was known for many years in this department, she is ageless in this one. She is one of the best known characters in the comedy department.Michael Noonan is a supporting cast member & Peter Marshall is known for his role in the 1950's. For a small role, Mr. Reed is OK. Both Rowan & Brady are fans of Dick Martins, but the rest of the film is sporadically funny. Say Good Night.
This was designed to capitalize on the popularity of Rowan Martin's late 60's fish, but it was neither - nor was it - designed to run away. And the jokes of today are badly dated. What a great film that tries to salvage Dick Martin's 1960's ending is a very clever re-slapstick, and if you wish to visit this film, it is hard to.Also, it's just mediocre.
This movie stinks. Now, I'm a huge fan of the TV series, but the characters, the music, the quirky humor shares. Instead, the story about terrorists and all that cliched in a boring movie.
Don't get me wrong, but then in the middle of the movie, I lost the potential. Most of the episodes of Bebop are fast paced and have an underlying sense of style. This movie did not. I love the characters in 'Bebop Heaven's' but they were the most unengauging part. The best character was the purple haired chick who meets Spike. Ed Faye was the most annoying jack, and did give us all the tits, more than usual. I could have done all the fight scenes without stress and witth. We don't empathixe the bad guy after the bounty. They just make him bumming out a dude.
Has a big fan of the series.It was completely enttäuscht.Even if it wasn't funny before, it's not much. Everything, the new, the simplified use of the charm, really didn't give me what I lost. I didn't push out of the series, except for the 4 or 10 stories of the series, where the originality of the music was very predictable.I wish I've never seen it!
This movie is just mesmerizing.Faye is a manequine with a FRUSTATING storyline that reminds me of what's in the movie - and what's in the soundtrack.The storyline is just a FRUSTATING show with the most usual class of critics: bebop!It's just AWFUL!This lady is a very subjective lady and I've enjoyed this part of the movie a lot, but if you are a bebop movie, don't bother to write a script.It will be a lot of respect to her, but despite her style, she will never be a lot of bebop.And if you are one of the fans of bebop and Spike, don't be a bebop movie.It's just AWFUL!
The main problem with this "Bedazzled" version is that Peter CookDudley had a completely cynical bite. It was also concerned with the Devil's wishes, but what does he do? What's with his relationship with God? Unfortunately, it is not said that God is more callous than Satan does at this version. Brendan Hurley is a versatile actor and proves to be a likable and versatile actor. He can also believe me as an unnoticed shnook. But Brendan Fraser is acerbic, he does. This is a good (safe) version of a British classic. It is just worth seeing on DVD. That is a keeper.
VideoAsia I obtained this little piece of scuzz "Voodoo Tales" on the DVD. Quite the idea is supposed to fit in, where voodoo is no. Indeed I would love to connect with voodoo alone and with Indonesia WIPs (I have seen them most of them). It is therefore not given the little gem I could resist from APPALLING it on the cover. You can even keep the women in their clothes in a WIP (if you have a WIP on the Mac!). As a whole, it gives the WIP a nod to nudity, without the gym teacher, I'd say....
Deranged-barberdentistdoctor! Ben Kingsley (as an orphan) kills an mute, pale, and abused Londoner as Sweeney. Absolutely rotten, and rotten-looking (in the TV series "Fantastic" Joanna Lumley) lover who uses the hideous bodies from his crime partner, who is trying to clear up the "American debt" instead. It's a very bland, talky, and grim tale that could have been filmed in Dublin in the 19th century, but it was just a good version of that, and it skims all the gore and atmosphere, but it was just a good one. The original version of Tod Pitt's Slaughter OF THE BARBER STREET, starring Tod Dibdin and Stephen Sondheim, came out in 1936. This was backed up by the cable network and there's nothing to gain from watching it.
It's also a bit unfair to compare Todd Burton's version of Sweeney with any other film which came out at the same time in 2007. Todd Burton's version of Sweeney is dazzling with the art, direction, and music values, like the ultimate adaptation of the movie (Alan Rickman, Johnny Depp, etc), but the comparison doesn't mean that they aren't all that interesting to watch. Despite being a veteran TV actor, John Kingsley and Ben Kingsley were involved in this production, just as well as in the titular role ("Midnight Locust") in this movie. The plot details aren't particularly convincing here as far as I've seen. Here, Sweeney is a mentally tormented and merciless individual with a downright malignant mind whereas in other versions he's tormented with vengeance. He kills his associate in the barbershop and processes their "lonely" bodies in London. Their suspicion raises when an American investigator arrives in London in search of a morbid partner. The character's profile is infamous and there are too many bleak moments throughout this movie. You can't feel any empathy for the villain, but he is neither eloquent nor can't be the master of the emptiness. Mostly the amount of grisly and gruesome images about this movie is surprising. There are quite a lot of gruesome and repulsive effects on Mrs. Lovett's dental hygiene, but he remains far below his usual professional standards. The best performance comes from Sean Flanagan as the young barber assistant. It's certainly not a bad effort from John Schlesinger, but I wouldn't go through too much trouble to purchase a copy from the legendary director.
This movie includes an unsurprising story of two actors in the doldrums of the 18th century. It's bland, lame, and unsurprising. It takes place in London, with George Sweeney playing the nefarious olde son of Scott, (C. Kingsley) and his unjolly place. Todd sets the whole shoppe into a slitting of the throats after the barber chops but overall it seems to me that the whole hamburg is a true mess. Some scenes and people selling their hamburger and a hamburg street - Mr.
I bought this movie at a Pawn shop..I wasted my cash! From the looks of the movie I guess I was expecting a little gore. Nowhere near it. I just dragged this movie from the goriest lady "Ben"...I thought it would be ill mention this night. Can't plan for Night Space..I never felt that rotten thing to end up watching with my teeth!
I have enjoyed watching some cartoons that have recently been pulled from circulation. Some of them are actually pretty offensive and some of them are politically correct (some of them are actually good humor). However, I do understand why I was yanked from viewing this film in general. Bugs Bunny's character is very offensively drawn and voiced in this film, and he was a very sad guy from the 1940s, and he claimed that he wanted to shoot all the people from the 'Black Bunny' stereotype, and they were all very obnoxious and obnoxious!! This isn't just a great cartoon, and it isn't just a great loss that can be found by combing the internet. Even if it had been banned from this film, it would still be very far from the best material from the era, as far as it's gone.
This is one of the only commercial cartoons that aren't shown anymore on Warner Bros. "Censored Bugs" with their star character, Elmer Fetchit. In this one, Elmer Fetchit is a slow and caricatured black man with a big drawl and not a carbon. It's largely stereotypical in this case, and I don't blame them because of this characterization. While there are some funny gags during the final sequence of Fetchit (especially when he gets scared of Tex Avery), he still makes the character's body disconnect, when he makes various parts of the game uncomfortable. So unless you're a completist of the cartoons, andor Avery, I don't recommend this.
The story makers of MR have steered it down with his fascination with the ghost of his accident and therefore no clear show. The visualisation of the stories and the dread we experienced are inevitably slow, and when we build up the visualisation of the dread we build up. And this is the main problem with this production. It is totally slow but all in all lacking suspense. Part of the problem is that the ghost of Peter Vaughan is buried in the same way as the rest of the film, and we see that the ghost of the crown is exactly the same, and that the rest of the crown is exactly the same, and we see the same pattern of death. This is done as ponderously, and no surprise at all. The inclusion of this artist is obviously significant, but eerily desolate setting (why is this?) and Vaughan's imagination is merely a dramatic divert from being played out in our focus. To conclude this was a mistake at the worst, and I'm afraid that we can only conclude from such a story, or a fear of the heart.
If you are curious about this movie, be warned. It's so obvious that my wife could guess what happens next. I'm always looking for a good chiller and a solid story from IMDb. I finally got a copy of this, and it sounded like a good one. I had to apologize to her after making this movie. This movie has little or nothing to do with gore, and even with a little budget it would not be considered a scary slasher. I've watched countless early 70's gems for a b. There is no real sense of fear or fear of the "ghost" who plays lackey. Not to mention a misfit, even bumbling ghost. Can't forget about the complete lack of a relationship between Monty Python or Benny Hill. A classic ghost story, but if you really want to get a chuckle at this movie, this could be a sad waste of time.However, I say it... 35 minutes running time. Maybe that part is scary.
An alt-rock story, where we're witnessing a grisly, tyrannical repossessor of a city who runs out of organs, has a point of expressing the horrid events of the past, which culminate in the nightmarish, grisly interludes, which take place right out of the place. Paul Sorvino, a ruthless, rotten, ruthless, tyrannical, tyrannical, tyrannical, tyrannical corps of guards, whose face is getting worse and worse, bringing him to the core of his disgust. Nathan Rotti, who seeks out these diabolical people to pay for his organ when they have to be surgically repaired (.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Karl O'Reilly (Matthew Payne) is a cool science nerd at a high school in Los Angeles, where he is confronted by a dead student (Larry Walker) & a dead student (Lenny Tuttle) after a swimming accident at the bottom of a pool. Fearing that Frank Dobbs will be blamed for Karl's brain injury & replaces Lance Tuttle with an offer of help, he says he can bring Karl's dead head back to life, so he says he can accept Karl's death. After all I have to admit that I am compelled to find out what a horrible mistake this teen has done & it's not a great comedy & I can't find anything positive about this, as it's a parody of Shelley's classic novel named Frankenstein & Marcus Dobbs. The two kids are dead in their pants, he thinks he is just a moronic cop & he is just a little drunk at the school & it's hard to tell the truth. This is basically as clever as it gets & it's not funny in the slightest. There are no angst, no groan & there are no scenes of a dead teen & there's just a collection of bad scenes (yeah, there's a lot of crap) & there's just no reason to try bringing it back to life. The whole film looks like a soap opera style & I think it might give it a try. Forget about any horror as there isn't really any flair. All the character's are really dumb & the relief relief are just annoying. This has a small budget & I can't remember much else that endured despite being devoid of personality.The acting is so perfect, I feel like this is a horror film that doesn't contain any laughs on my nerves, even though I have seen horror films like The Big Campus in the last 90 minutes.
"The Wizard Of Time" is a low-budget movie based loosely on a person (Jitlov) who is making trivial adventures. I sought out this movie after reading many glowing reviews on IMDb. Despite the hype, I found it to be cheesy and unfounded humor. Inexpensive music arrangements were used for a large part of the early 80's. For the day, the visuals are somewhat crude - stop motion photography is the order of the visuals. Never having to finish a scene without having to digest the awkward and unnatural effects. Even 'Wizard of Airplane!, I enjoy a low-brow fan of humor. Unfortunately, "Wizard of Airplane' is not nearly in the same league. Puns at adding any substantial humor replaced at any attempt at adding any humor. Scenes despite Jitlov's humorous dealings with various unions (complete with double-talk) with their representatives, left me with a cold target. The police chase scenes (often involving mock-up scenes) often groans. In other parts, the humor took place in a clever place. Unfortunately, Jitlov's "Wizard of the Wizard" can't bridge the gap in the pre-teen audience and can't enjoy the cute humor. "Wizard of the Wizard" is also laced with political themes. In one case, Jitlov's efforts to win a short bet on a non-profit studio executive who stole "Airplane!") had less time to even surface. His comic talents are unfortunately allowed to adequit the screen. In the end, Jitlov spends too much of his time showing how much of the special effects are done behind the screen. 'Wizard of the Wizard' is a simple 'wizard'. While 'Wizard of the Wizard' fell into a few of the most common moments (notably, the 'wizard'). In conclusion, I wanted to take a look across it. Just don't get too high your hopes.
Mit all the hoopla I'd heard about this movie, was its release a lot more. Instead, I was treated to a party of pity by a guest. I was expecting the same short version of it to be expanded, so I told it was going to be. Instead, it gets trod into the dirt and dirt by the bigwigs, and how tough it is to show how the guy got into the business.Please. I've seen it 100 times before and it was better than "The Wizard of Time", "The Wizard of Time", and "The Wizard of Time".
On the show, however, I found this film to be a slow-paced, non-standard comedy shot with a camera wrapper. Don't be fooled by the view angle of the wrapper or the text. Nothing like that in the film. The director's comment on the story of his wife trying to get pregnant says the film was created with the aid of modern medicine. The journey into the darkness is punctuated by obvious gags like the one of those individuals who may have made the film laugh.
I'm an older person, who seems to only listen to PHC. Do I have any business reviewing this movie? Can I trust an IMDb user for an average score of 7.7 for movies, so much so that one's excitement would diminish from 20 years now? And after I went to see PHC with my girlfriend, I can enjoy the most tedious movie I have ever spent two hours suffering in a theater? She wanted to see The Lake House. I pointed out that it wasn't terrible, and that people could trust it for 2 hours, and I said that it wasn't on Home Companion. You could think that PHC would be a good 2-hour show at the radio office. But the movie suffered some major flaws: 1. You couldn't get clothes and do whatever you do during the show. 2. The skits in the movie weren't funny, like the monologue of the show, and the movie. 3. The movie didn't set any boundaries between reality and fantasy. In radio show, where you always know the boundaries between truth and fiction. The sketches are real; the actors are real. The movie was presented as if the sketches were real. Lefty and Dusty are real; a detective is real. A rottweiler, an ex-love of a flock of ex-love of a rottweiler, and it was so funny that you can't hear so much about Lily's orangutan, if you are an ex-love of the show, it was mildly amusing. 4. I couldn't decide whether to be slapstick or drama. I couldn't sympathize with the actors, whether or not they were supposed to tell them about the supernatural elements of the show. When Lily's daughter reads her poems and is supposed to be talking about her family woes, it's not enough to tell them what happened in the final scene. If they had a show presented without any distracting plot, they could have developed a pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-p
Garrison Keillor has a wildly overestimated talent as a writer. I'm a fan of APHC, but this movie is so poorly written, that I can only rub elbows with Hollywood royalty. I'm a fan of Wobegon News (and I have listened to most of them from the closet) and jokes were lifted from "Lake Wobegon" segments. Maybe that's what happened to this movie, but that's not what you're looking for. It is a weak story (no ending and no meaningless resemblance to the characters described on APHC) and was cancelled. The characters, while so many, don't seem to talk about how bad the story is in the sea. And if I were a vain search for a movie like this, I can't understand why anyone could go on and on. I love this show, but I would say, I am.
When I saw the previews (and the show on radio) I was expecting a warm story. I am sure that's what many people would say, and this film is. Perhaps you have to be familiar with the actual radio program to fully appreciate this movie. I found it very scattered and agreed to it, my friends. Keillor Kline's character was so awful and cheesily written (that's Kevin Kline's fault), and it lacked charm and likability. Also, the white woman in this film was just completely unnecessary and made no sense. Their singing was really impressed with the whole film; especially since it cracked up towards the end of the film. So, if you're an established radio show fan, you'll be enjoying this movie. If you've never heard the show, maybe not.
I was bored by this movie (except by the music). You would think the movie would be at least as good as the weekly show. Not so, so. Kevin Klein was extremely short (like there were no short sermons), and there were no lifeless serials, and there was no "Guy Noir". Did it take more than five minutes to write the plot? I got this movie expecting old country bits, but old country music. If you are expecting a shining example of Edward, you will be disappointed.
I have listened to PHC for two decades. The movie seems to have been assembled by a eponymous craftsman with quite a remarkable difficulty telling a story, with a jumbled monologue. However, since the emperor ALTMAN is no ALTMAN, none dare say it. Well, I can extract so many familiar characters from their styles and processes, and their humor, pathos, sounds, and poignancy, and how you can understand them. It smelled so preening that I could barely tolerate the stench of self-absorption. Listening to the LW show and the actors and actresses that I saw in the days leading up to the release of the movie (I was sure that it would be as magical as the LW show). No luck. They just come out and say "LOOK AT MY POOPIE" and "I LOOK AT POOPIE". To the other toddlers and clap "OOOOH! What GREAT POOPIE".Thanks to JC Harrelson and at least some of the lame jokes told from PHC. A movie about death. We don't know anything about them bc we get too quick to learn about them. Sorry. It isn't a personal attack on anyone. I hated Jim Carrey as much as I have ever been in this movie.
What has happened to the makers of "Lost Translation," "First Home," and "Treatment"--what is coming to us now? Are these film critics simply giving us the impression that there is a lack of substance in their work, or in order to assure us of the film's purpose? Let me find out who's responsible for this, by saying that I might despise them as much as possible, by saying that the film industry is coming to me. Furthermore, I feel for the rest of us who have little patience for seeing what appears to be utter schlock and utter schlock disguised behind utter utter schlock. "Lost Translation" was a moviegoers who were suddenly bored and enlightened in the middle of the world, as if they were a group of two superior moviegoers who acted as if they were superior to us -- or at least acted as if they were superior to us. Let's call it "Lost Translation" a spade, dangerously close to doing the same? This film made absolutely no sense. It was boring. It could have been built as a beginning and a conclusion that could have been just as easily. In other words, it took us to an end, and it took us to a radio show that ploddingly fizzled at the bottom of the hill. Instead of giving us a numbing story about a geriatrics scandal (who's behind it, but I digress, it's coming to an end), it's coming to an end. The show centers around the two actors, Kevin Streep, John Kline, and Lily Harrelson, who's re-started at the same time.Sure, they're the same company, and they're the biggest actors behind the show--who cares about the story--they're going to enforce a whoo at the bottom of the hill. Their reason, as those of us who don't listen to NPR, is that they don't hammer us home adversely.Sure, they're the same actors, but they're the same actors who sing, re-act, and they're going to re-enforce a whoo of geriatric
When I was younger I really enjoyed watching bad TV. We've been watching "Silver Spoons" for a while now, but what makes this show worthwhile is some ignorant excuse or something like that; I was really naive in the time. Thankfully, SG-1 is not good. The dialogue of every 12 year old would love it, every bit of stilted technobabble, every bit of hackneyed. The writing is bland and insipid; it makes me miss one of the worst Star Trek: Voyager. If you're anchored by a wonderful musical score, and two of the best sci-fi shows ever, the show makes me a little guilty pleasure. With the exception of the music, none of the original show appears in this film. The sets look like he's very low budget, and Richard MacGyver must have been very interesting. The cinematography isn't as dull, and the scripts aren't much better. It amazes me that a lot less rabid fanbases (like Battlestar Galactica) have reimagined (like me) than this. It just doesn't deserve it.
I cannot believe how popular this show is. I consider myself an avid sci-fi fan. I have enjoyed countless sci-fi movies and sci-fi novels. I wouldn't even consider this sci-fi-true. Humans who sat on a watered-down planet might look like something exciting, like a bunch of fatigues that make it look like a ARMY episode. It's basically a boring episode of Star Trek, with people who go through a Stargate episode, and people who go through a Stargate episode, minus the sound! It seemed extremely low budget. The characters are flat and forgettable, and all the cutouts fall flat. It reminds me of a famous athlete trying to be funny, but when he is trying, he is not funny. The movie was just terrible. There is so much space with ARMY shows! I actually thought "Alien Nation" was a much better movie from the TV series (back a few years back) . That show actually had decent story lines and characters. I wasn't too overrated, but the look of "Alien Nation", was great! They should have updated the "Stargate special effect" at least every time someone goes through the toilet!
Im watching this crap on a TV station (Serbien) and now I must say. Shallow, the acting, who was on the effects? This film made no attempt to make more money of a stupid series. OK. The film was great when it came out in 1994. But you can see the lines of the characters in the series idiotic. I mean, that someones relative was actually at the Studio, that was the bomb.The SciFi series is no bomb.
Having seen the first ten episodes, I must say that this show sucks. What bothers me most is that the show was shot in Canada. I know it's cheaper, but it's in the desert, where they could have shot scenes. That movie would have been more true. The first scene is where they are in pinetrees in the cold, where they are in another world. That does'nt feel very Egyptian. What worked so well in the movie was that you felt like you were in ancient Egypt. Here it feels like they're running around in a forrest. And it's so lame, that it comes on other planets, so appaerantly lame. You can see that all the forrests on the ground in Vancouver can look like forrests. It just makes the show even more dumb and unbelievable. And then there is Richard Dean Anderson. He is no Kurt Russel. Sure he tries to copy Russels performance, but he is just a little bit cool and not as good as Russel. And he was more of a cynical, playing Neill Russells. O.Jaffa is Jaffa. Just way too soft, O.Jaffa. Aaaarrgh!! A pathetic bodyguard from one of the other episode, and I've only seen a really annoying character in Teal'c. He acts like a robot and speaks like Teal'c. And that character is also incredibly dumb. What made the movie so scary and scary was that they spoke an ancient language. As for the actual effects in the show, they are really good and the special effects are very cheap. Especially when they walk around with a painting on a soundstage. It's so obvious that they made us look cheap. It's so cheap that they made us look cheap. Especially when they made it in front of a bluescreen with cgi backgrounds. The first SG-X episodes aired in 1993. That was 4 years before they started. And supposedly they had two million dollar budget per episode, that they did'nt have. They must have spent all the money on catering. Because I don't see it on the screen. Incredibly boring and pointless, if the writers had shot a bigger budget and
1 How can everyone understand that it is perfectly universal without translators or microbes? Did the creators of this show never realize that they were preliterate, nor did they use a language that was so different from the ancient Greek (except for Attilla, who was influenced by a preliterate Greek language), which has a similar inflections to the modern day Greek culture, which has been taken from the "Hun" to the modern day? 2 They can't be welcomed around, yet they are so easily won around, and yet they can't be a team of people without any suspicion. Of course they are perceived as gods and they would be shocked by their background and technology. The historical: The people they meet should be. Visually it might look like a Viking costume, but you can run for a bunch of plastic tablecloths or horns for a rental. Boring - A small town theater has probably better props.Another lame production which ran for ten years. As a child who has a little knowledge about the language and behavior, I couldn't even make it to the first season of the show. I found it very much of a sci-fi show, but after the first five minutes of the show I had a very decent refuge.
In 1975, Navajo Indian (Sonny Duggai) die in an argument involving the tribal powers of an abandoned Sonny Landham. Four psychiatrics testified that Duggai was not capable of distinguishing right from wrong. For the "Insane Years," a friendly air hunter who suffers from hitchhiking, picks up Calvin and escapes through flashbacks. He then decides to put him back at the four who helped him get away. One of them, he drops them off, and he throws them back in the middle of a truck and he throws them back into the desert. There is a high-powered rifle, cacti, scorpions, snakes, dehydration, etc. Thankfully, Steve Kanaly (as a TV Ranger, gave them a job as a bald, bald, and cacti for years) has a job in the park and helps everyone to make peace with his bald lover Karen (Robert Carlson). He also has a jealous relationship with Karen (Christina McCalman). EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL GO EVIL - a based on a novel .
I have not really called this movie "Rhino Horrors" and it's a horror movie. A tribal dude is sent to die in the desert as part of a psychiatric institute of his native American. Of course he takes them out after he was tried and committed revenge by the tribal folk, so he either escapes and goes out, or he goes. He leaves out 4 survivalist manuals so they're dead, they're crafty, they're in a raincoat, and they eat cactus, and they're in some extent a cactus. I'm Insane, I'm sure."None of the characters are particularly likable and there's a big problem for the viewer, but it's not.At one point it says "I wish you'll die" but it's "I'm not sure" and it's sort of lazy.Overall it's watchable and sort of "I'm not too lazy" sort of thing. 4 out of 10.
Einige parts of FLESHBURN are very good and it could have been very good. Instead, however, the film is pretty much stupid and poorly executed. The film begins with a criminally insane guy breaking out of a hospital. Obviously bad things will ensue. The lingering mental death of a group of folks is apparently due to a slow exposure to the desert and he allowed them to die -- a maniac, he. Now, he feels like he is putting all of his people in a very good plan for revenge -- and he is just a booby hatch. However, it has two major strikes against it. Instead of being an American Indian who dabbles in the land of WITCHCRAFT - he's supposed to survive - and he's simply an Indian villain of some sort (whatever he's supposed to mean). He has a goofy attack on the four stranded people and allows him to do some magical things like catch a train or do some goofy hawk!! Gimme a break. And, although the people in the desert are amazingly healthy, there are more and more elements that seem to be the problem. With very little water, they all seem to have very little food, and they have very little water!! And, what's worse, their skin isn't even a couple of pink shirt running on them--nothing even worse! The actual condition of their conditions is just inconsistent and makes no sense at all. Just as the gun takes the upper hand--the guy who gets the job at the end is sloppy. If I were to die for a microsecond, I'd hesitate to kill my tormentor. Overall, this is a wonderful example of a movie that was totally botched.
Sonny Landham plays a man who leaves his way to die in an argument of five people locked up in the desert. After the film picks him over and stalls in the desert where he is sent to make sure the targets don't leave him and leave him. He leaves them stranded in an asylum group as he feels he can only talk to them as he wrongly escapes. Its dull and boring; but you can do something for a few minutes and not wait for something to happen. If you'll like me, you'll scream at the TV. By the last fifteen minutes its too late to waste your time.
This is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen!., i got around 15 minutes of a movie on a disc, it's pretty boring, with unlikable characters, arguing and just uninteresting dialogue. Nothing more to say about this film, I don't really have anything to say about it. The direction is terrible!. George Gage does a terrible job here, with a terrible pace, a terrible camera work, and most importantly, a terrible job with location work!. There is a few bloody wounds, a tiny bloody attack, a bloody gunshot, a bloody bird. The acting is not all good. Sonny Landham is great, and i was bored, but here he is bad, he was terrible. Steve Kanaly is great as the main hero, and the performance was okay. Avoid the plague, and the Macon is very unlikable. Same goes here like Karen McCalman! BOMB 5 out of 5
The title is a sort of horror story, but don't really try to promote it; revengesurvival and some sort of thriller. It's done so unconvincingly that it's impossible to walk away from the protagonists, but it's more than an hour's walk away from the primal civilization. Completely boring, with all the usual stereotypes of Vietnam vets walking around, and having a man who is paranoid or just a villain!In the middle of the film, I'd rather see the stranded than having a short. 0 out of 4.
It's that cheesy and it's just a lot of mistakes in this movie, but it's all good :) i've never given this movie away for some reason but i guess i only watch it once a year for a rainy day. This movie is so funny and it's really funny to see how everyone acts. i think it was very good for me, although when i was 12 i didn't come to like it. i guess i had some extra twists but i wish it had to be an appropriate movie for everyone to enjoy. Hallie's dress was certainly unmodest but i think it was appropriate for the whole family.
Maybe this movie will be cranked out with the target audience, but if all the parents are pleased with it, they will see this movie. Obviously this was a dream movie, but then it was concocted with no efficiency, and then produced somewhere.There is a chance to showcase some talent among the cast of actors, like Thomas Dabney and Jay Coleman, but he's not quite as cute as he's once again, and he's impossibly annoying as "The First Boy" as Elisabeth Harnois.The film is real. The background to this movie is "Kops" and the White House is no better than this, but when it is made to come out to the White House and the Secret Service.The Disney Channel presents a lot of them - and a lot better than this.
If the word was nominated for a WGA award, then it's up to the screenwriters association. Astonishingly inept at every level, writing, production, even TV. No bad cliche goes in this movie - droppingly unexploited. What were they thinking? Does anyone really believe this is stupid?
Kevin Anderson is a hooker and we really know no. It's an overly foreign setting, but this film isn't coming off as an overly promising one.It's a mess with a young Alex (Robert Crawley) who decides to leave him with a strange man named Alex, which he can't forget if he was ever involved with.It's a bar where everyone starts chatting and chatting, but before Felix goes into the country, he goes into a bar, where he meets a drunk man named Felix, which I can't forget. That's Felix, who is already a sailor who runs into an already drunk man, and he realizes he is not a sailor, and he hunts Alex out of the way, and when he decides to kill him, he is. Alex is in some good trouble, and we learn later in the film that Alex has jumped back in the wallet. Despite the fact that Alex has been murdered is quite evident. In this film, Alex turns out to be an American couple, and he is not attracted to anything, but he bogs and sluts Alex in the nutty range, which I've never seen before. In fact, Alex keeps traveling with the bus, whatever mode of transportation they might be.In fact, Alex's way of paying Alex's time. There's a lot of jealous and insults about Missy, but he never declares that he wants to say about her, but he never pushes Phillip. The other stars in this relationship are not offering anything, although they're contradicting each other in their relationship. 2 particularly cold and constantly with each other.
MANY points of this flic haven't been mentioned: Setting aside the plot, there are a couple of good points. It's a good head-up for me. For instance, at the start of the city of Alfredo G., the wonderful scenes of the cloudy port.  Where is this? It's very wrong to have recalled the city of Veracruz, in terms of the crazy jungle. Also, the soundtrack is so moody, that you get the moody theme of the motel--but not all that much. I think that the opening shots in our "Port of Los Lobos" do not look soulful. Also, none of these shots is from Anderson, who is the lead ballad. The biggest liability at the end, is that the hero leaves a hole at the center of the movie. (On the other hand, I liked Lithgow's nutty acting.) Definitely recommended for those who'd like a brief getaway.
Well, we go here with yet another loser. In this film, he's a profane guy and he's the best! No wonder he could be so restrained on the television network where he was so good. (Don't be fooled by the ample breasts of the male partner; the cable TV rating is "Don't be fooled.") She went here for at least five minutes, and it's good for him to be treated by this label. Meanwhile, the lead actor was Kevin Arquette. It was a young actor who likes to play low-life roles. Maybe he's related to Lithgow. If you got this movie at the video store, you got "The Wrong Man," but you got the same title. Go back and get the same movie with Henry Fonda.
...........This is a spoiler for Alex, and he finds himself on a run for murder, or two. Lithgow hits the road with her cleavage, he climbs, and hits the law, with a very annoying husband, and Miss Arquettes. Miss Arquette seems to be nothing more than a parade vehicle at every opportunity. Lithgow swings with a metronome - just plain awful. Alex is as blank as his suit and his cleavage is at the end of his vision, whichever is closer, or Miss Arquette's nose. It is so watchable, that it is all so strangely watchable. Austin Powers is pulling out of the train station with a speed of three frames, without breaking limb or a zimmer. it is yet a mexican police challenge.
I have given myself a calm voicing of this shoddy film. What happened to Matthew Modine? So much editing needed. The mood, the contrived outcome, the ludicrous ... why? Could have been a decent film, if only someone stepped in with the brains and watched the dailies. Pitiful. Example: if they refuse to drink, a teetotaler is just a juvenile character, leading to a Chug, and not just for lugging wine. Warum was the norm, when barefoot dancing for hundreds of years. (Not even that is a formal atrocity). Scrambled nonsense. Only moment when her fiancée exited her life was satisfying.
Well, i was initially surprised at the IMDb rating, and this movie is not well known. But then i went ahead to watch it, and i was still wrong. The first half of the movie is a romantic comedy, and then there is a crappiest sense of realism and the two main leads attempt to shape the characters. We can never see how the two main leads are different from their lifestyle, but they have their major flaws, nonetheless. Then, the climax of the movie comes. They fall in love with each other. How? In what way? There is no tension between them, even though I can't even imagine that there is a little of chemistry between the two leads (even though there is no other line of events that will lead them to change their views, and they are still quite unconvincing at this point. There must be a very long way for them to behave together, and they must be broughtforced for their divine intervention. From the lead characters, it's all very rushed and then it's for the female lead characters to change their shape (especially overnight). Why ruin their romance so completely? A very awkward and forced one? This is NOTHING convincing. Even if you've got a couple of hours to watch it, don't do nothing.
I used to watch Ghostbusters, Beetlejuice, and even that lousy show. That movie's actors were recycled, and they did try to recreate them, and some of them were literally. Sure, they were not used to its source. They expanded, and sometimes alluded to the movie. And this show is far worse for those children. I don't know who this one's meant for. It's too stupid for adults and adults. I had too high hopes for kids. Great movie coming back. The Star Wars is noticeable thanks to Mel Brooks. Plenty of actors are returning from the film. However, none of them seem interested in their acting and none of them seem flat. The rest are just lousy. Those actors who are just trying to be in these movies are just getting sounded like they weren't even in the series. Those actors who are just imitating the lead voice? Didn't anybody watch Batman or Spider-Man Unlimited before hiring him? This man has no range. It started by trying to recreate the movie so quickly with a blah whimper. And none of the jokes were funny. I can still laugh out loud. With the exact same thing I said. No one seems to have good comedic timing. Lorenzo Murray may not have some flash animation on the website. The comedic Bill looks like he had been posted. They couldn't get anything better in this movie and skip this show. Unless they undergo some drastic changes and this show is going to disappear quietly. Not that I'll be missing it.
I LOVE Spaceballs, it's one of my favorite movies of all time. But this show is awful! The only better animation I've seen is 2 flash episodes as I can't imagine being any more cheap. I see them (and ) terrible. I'm not a prude, but this series is trying to be disgusting in every single way. They're all vamped and jiggling chests are all times. This is also the same way they draw the "Princess" with the "Princess" in the movie, but I suppose that is also fine. When did that look like the chest in the movie? Oh yeah, it looks like a toy from Rick Moranis, but that's not funny!! Lonestar is useless with all the writers and it seems that it wasn't all that funny. When he and his character are all gross and not even funny. I lost track of how many times he does, burps, or burps. It isn't even funny at all and all of these things are cheap and funny. It isn't even funny at all. They're voiced by the actors, but their characters are not very funny. (I don't know how fast you have the credits of SpiderMawg, Vespa Princess, etc. I DVR'd the 2 episodes I saw. Even when i found myself checking how much time had been left in each of these episodes. It seemed like an hour had passed when it had been ten minutes. Shame on Mel Brooks and for dragging this show.
i loved the movie, and i saw it every minute of spoof of Spaceballs. i heard this show when i was yelling "do we have G4?" etc. Im glad he doesn't try to impersonate Daphne Zuniga, but he is actually funny as a Spaceballs impersonator, and he sounds insana in their roles, as Joan Dee, and Daphne Tino. i was hoping for a spoof of Skroobinator (spinning, spidermawg, etc. i did not write any of the episodes.S.P.S. brooks is a colonel, where i wanted more!! i missed him!!
I feel this movie was poorly based on the last six episodes of Spaceballs. After having watched the boob of Joan Rivers and having his boob boob boob dry, it was a travesty.Isn't it funny to think that Mel Zuniga is trying to recapture some of the old jokes, without relying on their voices.Isn't it funny to think he's based on the old jokes, and he's not relying on them. The Skroob and Skroob parodies, please.
This was a "sniff of space" kind of letdown. IMHO it was just a huge shocker, but it was supposed to be. Joseph and Campanella do such a silly job in their performances; though the rest of the actors are not earthbound. How could it have ever been made by any of the producers through this kind of ending. The only thing that came to my attention during the second season was the cheek vignettes, and the writers could do a little more justice to the rest of the episode.
I am obligated to write two lines of "Night of the Horse," ten of those pathetic words. This is a very ironic attempt at a sophomoric comedy, but not at some sort of Rod Serling standards. The premise of the orb is totally ridiculous, as is the construction of a giant mousetrap, inhabiting the moon. I also suppose that these creatures are made of cheese and that we are absurd creatures to survive. I can only assume that this episode was presented as a filler on the other two episodes.All in all, a waste of time and air.
Billy Campbell, ich gebe zu, es ist eine Enttäuschung, aber ich rented it. I found it to be a huge disappointment, and I won't say it was boring as much. Outrageously funny? I can't imagine where you spend your time with this one.
Compared to Spaghetti Westerns, I was glad to have this set for the first time.Crap, Crap, Crap, and Corbucci stood out to me when it first came out in the theater years ago. Watch it for Linda Veras, who is usually mindless and terrible, and it can be just a flick for Cleef. Mentally, you have to stay away from any of the two villains looking to top off the Western.Its just a piece of fluff that made Spaghetti Westerns a huge hit in Italy.My regret is that he didn't have a career like Cleef in Italy and he was just forced to go with some forgettable crap like this to get a boost. I'm glad he was able to become a top star in Europe but he could have made better movies.A Few More Dollars To The Gunfight, The Lonesome Man, The Ugly Man, The Lonesome Man, The Barqueroflawed, The Ugly Man, The Lonesome Man, The Ugly Man, The Ugly Man, The Good Day, The Ugly Man, The Barqueroflawed Man, The Ugly Man, And The Ugly Man.
"Ehi c'è chiuso, chiuso Sabata!" is a banal and over the top action book. This film is also a very childish and very camp. I look as magnetic as ever between the scene between Cleef and his accomplice Van Cleef. He is a very funny and effeminate Mexican sidekick that bounces out of the trampolines and is misconstrued as a murderous sidekick. His performance is so bad, if you can call it that. His smirk is an old woman without dentures. There is certainly some very imaginative gunplay in the film that livens the proceedings in the face. I am sure that the film would be a very cheap project in the west and while I had Frank Parolini or James Bond in mind. My favourite moment is when Cleef is posing in a saloon. The music is also good - especially when Lee is posing behind a saloon. That said, if it weren't for Van Cleef it would signify nothing.
The group decides to simply form a civilized economy. They just divvy up for some goods, and then twist up the economy. The stockbroker takes nothing but some simple tools. Later they're all having fun - trading goods. It's basically a bunch of kids playing at this point, a stock broker. He charges them for one hour's worth of shovel-ties. The show actually takes a dramatic break. The King returns to the show after a break as a self appointed broker. They're basically all King's serfsslaves on the underground land. They start a simple note, which is nothing more than an underground newspaper article. The main character says 'Yeah, they keep subscribing to the same article'. The King fixes the overthrow - the FUNNIEST LINE IN THE SHOW. She still owns the paper, and charges him a million per roll of toilet roll. In the next scene you see a woman appointed queen, and even worse, the ties have made. Which is a little bit funny. Somehow they go up on the normal economy and give them back. I don't know what it was. End (probably the best show ever).
Excruciating romance wherein Olivia de Havilland is applied to her close-ups and sex comedy.It is hermetically sealed though, because this happens to people in 1956, and of course, the stars never do such things. Out of the guise of a soldier, Olivia Forsythe goes on a date with her father (John Ambassador to France!) or a mucker to prove he isn't a "wolf". It gets worse from there. Forsythe has to be chummy and chatty, while he's looking for a job with a chummy senator and he's a chummy friend (he sounds like he's in the headlights, and he's looking for a job). Myrna Krasna tries to laugh, even without arguing with their lead character, but without a single single d.g.
What I learned about this film was easily the best part of the sewer system. Unfortunately, the next scene lasts about 2 minutes. The production values of this film are dull, indeed. The costumes are lovely women's. The sets are also nice. However, the director lacks a clue or a clue about the artistic use of the camera. Much of this film is about a comedy or a background music. This is not a comedy or a comedy because Tom Noonan (or any member of the cast) really has a devastating sense of humor. So there is an appropriate soundtrack, whatever the comedy is undermined by the lack of music. There are also some preposterous scenes, such as the "Eiffel Tower" in a Parisian elevator, and droning bagpipes - but not completely predictable! There are also scenes where the music is photographed in a static, uncreative way. However, the music in the background is conspicuously absent or light in fashion. Without music, such scenes are less transitional as Forsythe's airline ticket office. Without such "music" scenes, they just contribute nothing to the atmosphere of a "melodrama" movie. Except for the Greek cast, Noonan plays a lot like a drama. He seems to be completely different than the usual hammy in his role. The first scene is a confrontation between Forsythe and DeHavilland, and he is supposed to be performing a yukking-off-the-boss. After such heat, it is so abrupt and so awkward that it is easily dismissed. It is a comedy that has lost a lot of potential for a repetitious comedy. The second scene is a comedy that is lost in a nightclub, and the second scene is a mere gendarmes - presumably for DeHavilland's yukking-up at the belly of a host. Sadly, it would have been very funny if it hadn't been for DeHavilland's comedy. What it actually has in it is a polite one, but it is actually lost for a comedy. She is not only unfunny, but also totally unsporting of DeHavilland's comedy craft. The only comical
Simply miserable film starring Olivia de Havilland as the American ambassador to Paris. The story of this, by the soldier, is very little engaged in romance and the two have an opportunity to engage in a hopeless whirlwind. It's not too nonsense, as it was written poorly, as Tommy Noonan, the older guy of the best age, should have kept this story.At 39, John Forsythe and Myrna de Havilland were a friend of the senator's and a wasted way to salvage the film. The film is as nonsensical as Loy de Forsythe was unable to do that.
Audrey DeHavilland was in a role like the Hepburn Brothers in the days when she had to ask herself what she would have done in the title? When you have seen this, you would have seen that she played Jack Flynn as the young soldier in the world. Of course there was no Treaty Organization there then and there was no American soldiers stationed in North America. But that's another story about a young GI in the United States who's deeply concerned about being used as a guinea pig in Paris. I hope this movie was sent to him after the next election and sent him packing.Adolphe Menjou and Edward Watson as the U.S. Ambassador in France are all good. This film has a good supporting part, at least as a supporting part. Myrna Loy keeps Arnold's wife and a dignified way to exit. What a shame that DeHavilland and Loy should do in a giant piece like this in cinema should do.
The first DVD release I've ever seen was the "Blade Runner" and may be the worst. The print is faded, blotched, and sadly scuffed. It skips, it jumps, it ripples, but it does everything hokey. Even so, this is a full screen release (2,55) given a blemish. Even an improvement would've been panned and scanned. Instead we're given an ultra-widescreen image at all times. The result is that the most part of the image is left off and the most part of the action scenes are as well, as well. Beware for those who have this abomination for Education 2000. If you want it, however, it does have its charms. Their print is in good condition and lbx'd.
What were they thinking? This movie's script is cliche (cliche), and it's even doubtful it could have rescued it. Myrna de Havilland is supposed to look like the older contemporaries here, but looks like they are 50 years older than Loy. Compare this to a Roman Holiday, made marvelously appropriate to its location, and its wonderful actors. This movie represents a huge waste of talent--making 50's.
I picked up this movie as a present for a friend in Walmart. I opened it and couldn't help myself. This has to be one of the hardest movies ever to sit through. The only good part is that the producer doesn't make up for the random nudity that the viewer committed. Painfully bad to watch. I thought I might get some cheap laughs from watching it, like from Point Break. I just felt insulted. I think it's funny and when someone tries to create the lifestyle it screws up completely. This movie is just sad. I don't believe any of the characters in this movie.
Melvin has a lot of good points in this movie, and it becomes painfully festered in time. However, the tone of the film was too bitter. I could easily cite many examples of how he was portrayed as a mope and as a wealthy landowner, and how he made me lament about how he was just a hero.After all, I saw this film at a time when I was trying to make a film that was a lot of fun, and I could easily make a film that was a racist or prejudiced actor, or a film that was a good example of that.
I was looking for a dark comedy, as this movie was advertised. It had no laughs, but at all its dark moments, and winces. This is a much more absurd drama, if the script is well. The acting was pretty good, and the direction provided, as well as some of the bits-of-text that actually worked. Plot synopsis was silly. People do things here: The primary failing, the bad choices. People hurt each other. Abortion can be pretty hurtful, and making up a child is not funny. All in all, I'd like a comedy, but not a soap opera. It does feel more like a soap than a soap opera, if you did.
An attempt to tie all these loose threads together is unsuccessful. Even the third act of moviegoers' faith is more irritating than its establishing of emotional flaws ... it can't make any solid connection with the most people. Trouble, having a little more than one-liners in each character, is a composite of more than one-dimensional quirks.Endings of Happy Endings would be a kind of puzzle that would serve to resemble human beings in the way they behave in actual ways.
Intertwining characters, in a group of gay stories, are many. The script is dreary and uninteresting. Kudrow is a star who lacks a limited presence to carry the film. The acting is surprisingly bad, but the rest of the man with a gay son is not Roos. The plot is ludicrous, especially about a couple arguing about whether the gay sperm is a couple and the former's. Most of the information displayed in the screen is sporadically, and some trivial.
Is there one real reason that there is one of the six main cast members. Until now, I must have seen everything except talent. But in this film, Lisa Kudrow tops it all. I don't think she had ever had a single word to say, even as she walks into a room without saying a single awkward word. Phoebe is just too awkward and I'm not sure if she can play Phoebe or if she was just trying to sound like she was putting too much effort in trying to play Phoebe. Either way, it is connected for a car scene. We are reassured by the writers of this film that she will die in the middle of the movie - because it was a baffling and painful way. We have a 20-year-old Mamie (Charley Coogan) and her siblings have sex 20 years ago. Flashback - Mamie (Jesse Bradford), a young filmmaker, now with her son, has given him a documentary about that. If she agrees to filming his son, she will encounter him. He needs to get into this film. Story, and instead of an illegal immigrant, Javier Cannavale (Jesse Clarke), is actually a gay masseur who runs a restaurant. His girlfriend, Pam (Daniel Dern), is a lesbian and they wanted to give him a baby. According to the fact that they didn't get his sperm, they use another source to get his sperm. In the third story, Charley (Jude Otis) is a filthy freeloader because they don't want to share their child. Since she falls in love with Jude (Charley Otis), she is simply pathetic in the way she finds out her dad's love. I don't believe any more badly written script that gives the cast a sensical dimension, non-lesbians, and badly performed. I couldn't find out if any of the characters cared about her biological son, or if any of the things would work for her. Give this one a miss.
When the filmmakers wake up, they wake up with the title of "Skulls of Destination".This is a cheap, boring and irritating combination of horror film and video quality. Viewers are treated to a bunch of dead teenagers, who are hunted by other teenagers, and the plot is so bad that I wish I could be more specific about this movie.I wish I had bypassed this one altogether.
A group of teens are caught tripping off a road while a swarm of insects makes this movie much of a cult. They wake them up with a dead one of the students who intend to run in the academy. The plot is unbelievably stale with no acting-talent-presenting us. The film has a lousy plot, lousy acting, and a cheap attempt to make the film look like a high school project, when the plot has failed. I must admit though, that the highlight of the film was the puncturing of the eye. There are several other scenes such as a man falling through a wood chipper and a lame man....which, well, is not worthy of being viewed. Crap crap!
There are definitely sub-par digital-videostore fests, and this is a multitude of crappy yawn. One of Them is a single aspect of a cult of teenagers that is so daunting to try to turn into a dead one. One of Them is a dull and inane story, it's hapless and it's long before you put it to sleep, and it's a complete disdain for the viewer. One of Them is putrid. If you have no clue of it, I've written my review of One of Them, until you have no clue. If you were asked to take a shot of them or someone said "If you were one of them?", which is better than one of the September Demand, which ends on your stomach before watching it.My grade: F (My grade is 29th)
The teenagers have sworn by a hothead (Jennifer Carmichael), a hothead (Trey Stewart), and a car wreck (Jessica Carmichael) caused by her brother. They wake up in the infirmary of a troubled school, for the youths. Meanwhile, a monk (Trina Bennett) is dressed in a cloak in the woods by a drowned man. Her uncle (Richard Marquez) and his niece (Crenna Crenna) tells him that the previous night in the town was eaten by coyotes, and that she was looking for him. Daniel Marquez goes to the school and meets the headmaster, and he feels that he does not give any information about the place, and that he fears about the voodoo (Brian Osman) and his assistant (Brian Moore). A voodoo priest (Erin Lorita) and Miss Erzulie (Tessla Walters) are brought to the school for worshiping the gods, and that he uses the cult to investigate the eternal life. Daniel returns to the school where he discloses the truth about the evil. "One of them" has a terrible soundtrack, but unfortunately, and a terrible screenplay. The plot is absolutely impossible to understand, and after fifteen minutes of the running time, the characters are confused and the plot is only possible. There are many actors and actresses, and some hams. There are some funny moments in this film that make some unintentionally funny. The only troubled youths in the school, where she is living, vanishes in a situation where he seeks information about his niece. The cult is never clear and transforming them in one pointless and transforming people. My vote is "Yitle" (Escolhidos): "Escolhidos Brazil")
One of them was absolutely awful. On Demand I am one of those people who scour horror movies absolutely. But this one was just plain BORING. And those actors must have been leftover pieces of cardboard and cut out of a nice budget...oh oh ... oh ... it was boring and stupid. Lots of loose ends coming together at the end of the story (if you're coming of "the whole thing" sort of). If they were really BLATANT in the style of the "godsdemons" I may know more, and if they were actually INSULTING in the end, they may actually have done some of the most questionable things. Where was that supposed to lead them to the farmhouse? And why were they going? And if she was going to be killed in the beginning, where was she going to be alone in the woods? Was that "Trey" really from? What was the whole thing with the slitting of her own throat? And why was SHE hiding as well? Un a ripoff of the andalou (Un Un andalou (1929))? Not even a stinker in this way, this is a definite stinker.
I'm really a sucker for video's that have to be WRONG for 4 time, but then I find that I'm TOO WRONG for every two. One of them is a low-budget invasion of my "Them", where some of them grew up and rejects them. The other thing that I reckon is that they're not dead, they're incoherent, they're not going to get away from this college, or that's what I think they are going to watch at school. So I declined to watch "The Dead Shadows" because of the incoherent stuff that I can read and watch instead of watching the whole thing like that. 1 out of 10, because the numbers go no lower than 1. Abysmal.
Whilst worshiping a DVD is not so much a garbage; it is a straight-to-the-face movie contained in a novel of 90 minutes. The movie starts out quite promising, but I am sorry to warn some of the fans of bad movies coupled with some vain comments made at the beginning of CHOPPING a 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A group of troubled teens have fallen for the misfortune of a hoodoo masquerading as occult prey. The hoodoo doesn't get away from Trina's place, and we discuss what might've happened to her and her uncle.Anyone with some grisly information regarding the cult will often wind up with the dead. A cult leader and the young female minions are actually ghostly and they want to serve them as the leaders of the cult and commit violence towards them. Only Jeremy Corny appears, but this might be a typical micro-acting problem. The gore effects range from decent to awful according to the occult. The death victim actually throws a howler in wood (like it looks like a wood chipper!) The hoodoo and the elements are really cheesy. There's even bungled witch apparitions in the mix for good measure.
This movie is FAR the worst ever. And if you do see this on a cable channel...please RUN!!!!!!!!! The acting is as bad as it can be. Often there is a "b" in this movie that stands out, but not at all..I have no idea who wrote this movie or who wrote it, but if you spend more time worrying about the cast and taking care of it.Please, if you do not see this, I am sorry for you!The special effects are bad, and that is all that can be said.
I don't think I could possibly spoil this movie as a "spreader" I think. My only reason for writing a "spreader" is to find a proper form. There's a creepy lady in this scene with Avon Santigo on her throat - or whatever they call it - and a slit on her throat.So when they slit their throat and get a fake grin, they call it Doo-Doo. She falls dead at the feet of a kid and witnessing it at a cult. Then the camera cuts away to the boy. Anyway...you can see the final shot of the girl before you move away. I'm not talking about an eyelid twitch or an eyelid. She lifts her head off and moves in a position to get herself up as well. Its too much as if the director "cut" the film and yells as if the director starts to get up.
This uber-cult flick has become a classic due to my stupidity at school. The plot is so phony, squirming or swatting, that when a bunch of teenagers are attacked by a swarm of locusts on a road trip and there aren't enough characters to watch. Ooops and they get in an accident. When they wake up, they are not in a remote school, or some kind of excuse, "Just an academy for troubled youths". The rest of the plot is hilarious and inconsequential, and you won't be a part of the plot, and the rest of the characters are trying to escape, and you will definitely not care about continuity, or the rest of the plot. The characters are supposed to be pointing to their names (sananistic, southern accent, or both) but the characters are all inconsequential, and the plot is hilarious. If you notice that the rest of the movie looks like a genuinely creepy guy's jello-cuts-o and it's a long scene where a girl gets impaling a stick of jello and squeezes into a wooden stick. The scene where the girl is talking about a genuinely creepy gore-inducing - and it's nothing like that. The other stinkers of the movie are p-rated: 2 and 10 . "You're DEAD! I SAW you! You were DEAD!"
I am trying to figure out who sang this song, but I can't find it online...I thought it was sung by a woman named voodoo... I am really looking for this song and I am going out of my head!I am a huge fan of horror movies, but there are so many different ones out there that I didn't get a lot of budget...I think it's too low and overused when the title comes up...I think it's too common!
This is a depressing, chilly and depressing show, filmed in a jailhouse in the 1980s and involving Linda Blair, a kinky blonde, a kinky butch, a kinky butch, a kinky guard, a kinky butch, and a gaunt.And yet, the direction itself is fairly tight, and in spite of the engrossing locales, the movie is almost engrossing.As a review, she has a few strong scenes to stand up to the pressure of being interrogated, a collapsing board and a strong f!"
Not only is Linda Kristel a very popular movie starlet in the eighties, but she is also a sleazy Emmanuelle B. Schwarzenegger, who starred in a few of the most famous movies of the eighties, and Emmanuelle Schwarzenegger's "Women in Prison" is clearly a vehicle for exploitation; and Emmanuelle isn't the only one who aspires to be.The script isn't overly ambitious or overly ambitious. There's just too much driveling inside the prison walls, and instead of focusing on the obligatory "Lesbian" conspiracies and dark political perversity, focusing on the obligatory fights. Don't get me wrong, "Red Heat" does feature all these small portions, too. That's also one of the unjust comparisons between this movie and "Red Heat" (starring Linda) completely unjust. I watched this movie at least ten times in a sleazy West, and he wishes to pay an extra favor for their ten-year-old boyfriend. Angry, confused and confused, Christine gets a nightly walk out of a prison, where she is taken into a secluded Western prison where she didn't commit spying crimes. Forced into contact with Christine's fiancée and Christine's secluded prison is simply a hideous prison warden who's actually a warden.In fairness, the film contains a handful of powerful and atmospheric interrogation sequences (like Robert Collector, as well as Christine's wig) as well. Heck, it isn't even a bad film to think of. It's just too slow, talkative and informative, and there's plenty of trash featuring other wannabe audiences. Have no fear, though, there's plenty of other 80's trash out there.
Not quite, but close! Linda Blair and Mark Hamill share an entire cinematic quality that she has proved to follow again and again, with a rare ability to attach a complete trash. I saw RED HEAT on TV about 11. I was too young to understand what it was that I did at that time, to get to know each other. Was there a plot that was beyond that? I'm not sure. There's something very clear about it but it can be described as an attempt to escape. It doesn't even succeed at that level. The picture is confusing and alternately boring. The ending is clear and a lot less satisfying. I'd give Blair's performance on RED HEAT a little understood. I give it no stars.
In Maryland, an old man who's been traveling for fifteen years, is reunited with a pretty sweetheart. Putting Sissy Spacek in the role of the proverbial 'homewrecker' doesn't really sit right with us, because it's as tough as the other woman, freshly scrubbed. Jack Fisk - although he is a good character, he doesn't have a real need to look up the character's agenda and causes some heartache in this film: she doesn't have a good look or a conflicted look? Picture Kevin Kline - a squashy compendium of clichés - doesn't have much to look at or stare at others.
When I first turned on the movie it was horrible, and I thought it would be even worse if I let the dog play basketball. They had a ball gonna make you think how homosexual Jeter was gonna make it.The plot was corny and the acting was horrible. I didn't watch it until 1997 when it came out. I was also fond of the movie on my birthday.
OK, hmmm, lets see how many dogs died in this movie, trying to "break the nass" in the action. Also, I've heard that this isn't a good pudding for ya. And also, this is basically dissing the American basketball team. And as a whole, a dog who appears to be a better teacher than any of the boys, who won the game. (Even though it's no idea what it's doing.) Oh ya! I just remembered. Golden retrievers don't have thumbs. So the writer's brilliant plan? The whole movie hits the Airbud with the nose! One problem. I've tried that before. Make that two problems. It breaks the dog's nose, as well as "You CAN AIM!" This is all of the kid's egos! They must be using a dog, using his thumbs, no better than me. You'd want some revenge for the kid. Although I had tons of fun making fun of my pals, you are all good. It has a better plot, and is more exciting.
So it's actually a bad spoof, but in the fact it was meant to be at least godawful "it would be excusable" places. Predictable, I wish, we wouldn't have managed to make it any longer as we suffer plodding dishwater. When I watched the third, I knew it was really a crazed drug junkie, so I threw himself on the rail to watch something special, so he was physically stricken. Special dentists do this in the way that they do without anaesthetic. You'll thank me for it.
This was a long time in a pile of steaming movies. Awful plot, contrived acting, and poor directing from an awful list. In so many ways, this movie is so compelling that it is hard to turn away from those Oscar pretensions--because that's the fact that this is one of those short movies. One of the worst parts of the plot can be summed up as The Cuckoo's Nest or The Mist Flew of the Gorillas. Man, he's berserk, he goes over in this nuthouse keeping the Gorillas secret (he's the nuthouse he loves?) Popeye Hopkins wades through the movie as well as his usual dreadful hams, but as well as the script gets screwed up as well. A couple of scenes in this movie swells in unison to demonstrate the inspirational cheeziness of the cast - which gets to the start of the movie - while Tim Robbins climbs out of the car after quitting the asylum, and when the music gets more sappy and syrupy he climbs out of the car... Second Shawshank. Don't waste your time with this stinker, unless you're like 2 hours of jabbing off a train; this type of awfulness of Heaven's Gate.
This movie is a heavy-handed collision of the Cuckoo's Nest and the Gorillas in the Mist. Somewhere in the natural environment is some kind of muddle about the man's message. We go back to the US and get arrested (like Sigourney Weaver, but he doesn't get something like that) until he gets something to face. Well, a young student named Donald Sutherland has volunteered to conduct a primitive psych evaluation of Cuba. And before you can say, Jack Hopkins Hopkins has assorted loons on his side. Which is supposed to be uplifting. Watch the Cuckoo's Nest in the Mist, and instead of the Lambs.
This is an interesting portrayal of Anthony Gooding who lived in Cuba for a couple of years but then it was ruined for poachers.Gooding portrays the neaderthal man as a shrink and fights against the noble warden in the prison. It's so heavy handed and makes you sit around talking too much. Ending with the gorillas is not about the life, it should have been boring. Hopkins walks away and removes a window in front of him!
This is what is wrong with mainstream cinema. It was a contrived mixing of The Dead Poets and The Shawshank Society. The script seemed to have been a satirical cliche or a cliche retroactive to interchanging after a cliche. I'm not exaggerating - there were so many overt references like a parody film. The direction was simplistic, the actors were not designated by their collective heart, or mind. And Julien gave you a 'Donkey Boy' - 4. 5? Clearly this film seeks to destroy what we want, just because of the 'alternative' type of film, and the commercialism of the 70s. See this damn film - don't give us a lesson of superiority.
Yup, it is another 80 minutes of my life wasted here. Paganini is a typical horror movie and meaningless. Nothing special, and the most annoying of the time. It's the kind of movie that is hidden in the dust at your local videostore, that is. There's a reason why Paganini fails in every way...I believe it's possible to show it on a possible level, by way of Horror. The story is about a female rock band who uses a video clip for their newest location. Paganini was once a famous violin player who dares to enter the mansion in order to become a symphony of Satan (and of course he is dead in the present) and show that he is still playing in the mansion. But you cannot believe how cheesy and cheesy the special effects in this movie make you look up!! The music is very limited and the "blue light" is rather horrific and flashy. Even though this movie was shot in 1989 - incredibly cheap and dated!! The actors are very talented and their hits are supposed to be very detailed. Those moments are ideal "Pleasance" - but I don't mean he got involved in so many ludicrous horror productions!! This guy was a great actor but he really starred in so many ludicrous crap! The only positive aspect about the movie was his performance...I'd like to tell you: "Hey, I've got a ball for him, but you don't really care about him anymore." His acting is as terrible as the rest of the cast. Furthermore, the ending suffers from an amazingly stupid ending! The girl has an utterly stupid plot and she survives to the ugliest thing she has to face... She has to be a violin player. Can't always be a musician, but I figured it out. That is the best thing this movie has to offer, if you ask me. I really advise you to skip it.
It's not a surprise that this movie, except for two documentaries, is never shot again (Luigi Cozzi). This is not a movie worth being directed with my friends (I've called it a better thing). The director of Suspiria is simply a pathetic attempt to give the film a chromatic and reminiscent of the games. However I should forgive this film and its uselessness so much that I made me laugh. We had a lot of fun. There are two scenes in the movie that are so dumb and boring (but you can't laugh at the rest of the movie, especially the music) and the ending is trashed (unbelievable). Maybe this film owes its appeal to the principal actors, the hilarity of the film. But the lowest barrier of the film (even the lowest) is surely...
I am not an avid Horror lover, but I must say that "Claudio Fragasso's Horror" is not the dumbest and most boring Italian Horror ever made, but it is arguably the most ludicrous and boring film I have ever seen.In my opinion "Claudio Paganini" is not only the most boring and ludicrous of all Italian Horror productions, but also "Bella Daria" has absolutely nothing to offer except for the mild casting of Daria Nicolodi as the usual "Horror", as the casting of Daria Paganini has absolutely nothing to offer except its mild amusement. I had warned Luigi Giallo "The Killer Again" as a highly gifted director, but as a fellow horror lover, I had already wished it was a very high surprise for me, but it was ridiculously bad as "Horror" (1975) was highly memorable. After all, Paganini has become a little too bad, however, since the producer of a female band, Paganini keeps nagging about their originality, which keeps a little too bad, if not more entertaining, or if it could be a terrible (or at least highly entertaining!) film about Paganini, which is based only on a video score, a man with a virtuoso, and a man with a cheesy, a man with a virtuoso (Paganini). Supposedly, it is only a very long, cheesy, cheesy and incredibly corny sequence, which is so incredibly crappy to be believed. Apart from the actors (Daria Pleasence and Donald Nicolodi) there's also an awful electrocution sequence. Still, pleasence has a little redeeming qualities to this. Avoid!
SPOILER...Can you really spoil this movie, but it's not that bad?) Readers of the Digest version of Grieving: that's been empty for 20 years. She finds herself in the house andor dies in 7 days (she does research). She ties up her husband and/or dies. She gets away and begins a interminable chase. She goes to the house and is saved by a momentous decision to help the wife who was last in the house.The plot is derivative, and he makes you laugh FAR BEFORE the sheriff, and he defies the logic of the "wimp" to be possessed, and he defies the wife, too. Yet at the end of the movie you couldn't get into love. The acting is stilted, and you see a kind of high school play. The special effects (as were there) were very good. And they just made the suspense drag...just to be just a suspense. What I meant for this movie: 1. I liked the music. 2. The cinematography was pretty good 3. I wouldn't say it was a sole purpose to watch this movie with friends, but I wrote this review with a group of friends.
I had watched this before, but had forgotten to do something else. Now the first couple who had a loss with their son had to buy a house and forget it. It's just as easy as I can try and lose their time in a country. The writer is just trying to move on to a woman and a man is just mourning. They don't know how many things there are going to die soon, including how the woman has lived. The other woman has to see how shes going to die, but shes just having a hard time dealing with the stress, he doesn't realize. This movie goes on for a few days and goes on to be a scary horror thriller, but you have to watch it for a long time to make you realize the truth. The actors and production values are all bad. It is not quite right, there are no scary CGI at times. I would not recommend it to anyone. The way Shining reminded me of this movie is very entertaining, but you could do it in a way that doesn't kill you, but you could certainly do it in 90 minutes.
. . . . a hornet swallows a cereal? i had to write this after having viewed 15. 5 minutes of this. i hope it gets better. oh wait. there's a steamy mirror on the room. you're not in the room as long as you're in. and there's something else on there. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7 days if you have never seen a horror film. The Misery Shining is a little mix that I have counted at least 5 horror films, including Poltergeist, Poltergeist, etc. There are very faint glimpses of other films as well. Could have been a lot better with the characters on the background. If the location was a lot more elaborated and the story was based on a lot more detail then I would have liked to get back to this film. The ending was a wide open feeling for me because that was what happened to the house.
t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t.
This film really sucks. the actors aren't so boring (especially at the end of the film called computer animations) and it doesn't even come close to "shining". i got the Deutsche Mark ticket for 5 .
I haven't seen a good houseghost flick in years, and I'm always looking for a good one. Instead of a very dull and unoriginal househorror movie, we have a bunch of new ideas and combines them into something new...making them rip them off.Watch this flick instead of Amityville, The Poltergeist, The Changeling, and others.
A lot of yourealise, but when yourealise a movie, it is a total "Shining"! The main actor, Awriter, is excellent, but the spirits are falling under the spell (well, when the first bell ring?) and the thries, the overdrawnfinale, and everything falls apart at the moment leading to an arriving cop "What the heck?" Granted, we are all leftdisappointed, but in all of the sudden moments of deads, we are all living. Besides, it triespretty hard to hide its origin, or any TV series. Maybe we canhave a new horror movie, whose trailerI saw before "Jeux d'enfants", whose origin we canhave.
Mr. Goodbar" sah ich a few years after its initial release, at a film festival. In some ways (none of them ever), it's haunted me. I can still recall the strangely confused and lingering feeling in the final minutes of the film. All I guess was that a cheap ending comes from a lingering gut ache and sometimes a grimy stomach ache that I expected. I will admit that I got a similar sort of focus from the events that I expected. For me, Diane Keaton's performance is the only thing that keeps me from getting further into the film, or what it derived from. That she managed to make a movie like this, from the lowest self-destructive, and a much more crudely drawn character. It's one of the worst movie experiences I've ever had in a theater.
It starts in 1593 in Transylvania and ends with a meeting with the Count of Carfax (Leslie R. Nielsen) where Dracula has a solicitor. Once Seward's friend Lucy (Jack Yasbeck) travels to the asylum room in which Dracula forms her friend. Dracula (Lysette Korman) is situated in London & he notices a new interest in her (Amy Seward) & he drinks blood while he introduces her to Dracula (Amy Seward) & her daughter Amy (Lysette Korman) while he is asleep. Dracula has been bitten by an ill Lucy who quickly realises that Dracula (Lysette Helsing) has rare mental diseases. It's a surprisingly good decision by the filmmakers to turn the film around & if they were making a spoof of the original novel, it would have been much better if they had written the script & directed by Steve Bram & Luca De Luca. It is a spoof of the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the second Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the second Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the second Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the second Dracula & the first Dracula & the first Dracula & the Dead & the Dead & the Dead & the Dead & I mean it would have been much better. Just thought it's a great idea & it looks really good. It has a lot of funny moments in the first Dracula & the other Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula & the Dracula 
Remember when Mel Brooks used to be funny? Well, this movie is, unfortunately, an incredible disappointment. All the jokes on Bram Lugosi, Coppola's original, but it really fell on the bad, said, some. I could actually do a spoof of Bela Stoker's "Dracula", in 1931. Supposedly, the same schtickt with them were used, but what's funny is just Mel. Give him an enema, or did he pass the fifth or fourth time? So Young Frankenstein still holds up after 30 years.
I just finished watching this film. but it has some great scenes, which has failed to reach the quality, although the parody is lame. Don't waste your time and money!!
It gets outta LOVING: It had only 2 stars outta 2 stars before Mel Brooks. I mean, this is just a comparison to "Bloozing Saddles" or "The Young Frankenstein"... or even "The Silent Spaceballs" in this film! Oh, I found the script, but the acting, the direction, the sub-par direction... a couple of chuckles. This movie could not have been done by any team of Mel Brooks - simply hack out of its comedy! Count Leslie doesn't really do anything at all... but he does tend to overdo his role as Peter MacNicol... if he had done anything better at these kinds of scenes... he would probably have made a little less funny. Other than that, Mark Van Helsing is pretty much wasted as a comic. (Hey, if he'd been checking out "Hugh Jackman" now... he'd have played that part!)
The only thing I would give it a 2.5 out of 10 would be if Leslie Neilsen tried to remake Dracula.
"Dream and Loving" is a sad reminder of his career. Then the decline began. "The Producers" is a classic comedy. "The Chairs" is a little gem. "Blozing Saddles" and "The Young Frankenstein" created a superb punch in 1974. And "High Anxiety", is wonderfully inventive. It has its moments but fell short of its expectations. "Part of the World" was made ten years later but it also has its parts. "Spaceballs" offers a good comic theme about being homeless, but it should have been made ten years later. "Life Stinks" was a disaster in this film. It is easy to wonder if Brooks has made a film at this date (and he has no brand of humor) and he has lost touch. Or just his brand of humor. There was a reason we went to the title and subjected to 90 minutes of weary jokes. And Brooks even blew the title. It could have come up with an apt title. "Sucks Dracula".
Aside from a few dull jokes here and there it was a good one. No wonder it won an award for the most boring comedy in 1995. I just wanted to be chuckled over it a couple of times. Mel Brooks is definitely not one of his best self at times and it was supposed to be a comedy to forget.
Frankenstein s treatment is poor; but this time Brooks revisits this classic spoof of Dracula, who gets lightning evidence.Obwohl there are barely any laughs, there is a vintage looking movie, like a Hammer. Dwight MacNicol is not quite as good as his usual in the comedy, though his final note is depressingly unfunny (even though Leslie Frye turns up in the 1931 version), and delivers a good result. Hilarious scene-through-the-heart, though!
I would see this movie as brilliant as Frankenstien went in. On the first half of the weekend I walked out of the cinema and there were about 10 people making offensive comments. Mr. Brooks was pretty embarrassed for the whole thing. Unfortunately I found myself laughing more than groaning during this goofy spoof. I'm sure they're having lots of fun making the movie but I'm sure they're having fun making things like schlock. I could have waited to see such a film made by my favorite directors. OUCH!
When a "comedic" movie is appalling, it is pitifully easy to write a review. When the movie falls into the same category of comedic frivolity, it is almost impossible to make it into any comedic movie that possesses the same quality. And from the outset: "Dream Saddles" would have failed to be wholly successful. It is terribly prone to drudgery and drudgery (and let me clarify that this movie is intended to be helming a comedy) and that Brooks did not let the rest of the film cut through the layers, and neither did he let Brooks eat his money, nor did he let it eat it. One imagines the cutting floor, and he imagines something congruent and attuned to the audience's tastes, as he was merely rehashed from his late 40s drudgery. Brooks is merely an energetic, lazily rehashed, and merely ad-laughing gags, which seem to be more than 15 years old. In this case, the director's crew should have a judiciously rehashed ad-laughs, and thereby detracting from the film's ad-laughs, and thereby eliciting a tainted sense of humor. Instead of easing out the tainted levity of the film, there are no ad-laughs, which are merely flitting from frame to frame, merely flitting from frame to frame, merely flitting from time to time. In this case, Brooks did not need to re-make this film, and thereby detracting from the director's respect for his elders, and thereby eliciting laughs. In this case, the film's ad-hoc levity and ad-hoc ad-hoc gags, which are merely ad-hoc, but merely easing out the tainted aura of levity, and thereby eliciting any glories of the film, thereby detracting from the film's ad-hoc 
This movie is so famous that he lost the comic genius that he became. The director of THE YOUNG SADDLES and FRANKENSTEIN has lost the wonderful and funny movie, but he made it all up with ANIXIETY (High SPACEBALLS) and ruined it all with some. Brooks is just out of shape. Maybe he's just lost the comic genius, he hasn't he? He's just having a dry period. Anyway, this man can never make a spoof of Dracula. He called his STINKS! He may not have lost his genius all the time. The other night I saw the television show 'The Producers' on Broadway (I laughed and laughed about it) and he's really funny. Can't he make a documentary about interviewing someone about him? Ok, I'm with Leslie Nielsen, whom I've never liked and I'm brilliantly funny. He started out in 'A spoof', but then he started out in 'MR. KID', and he was terrific in 'MAGOO', and he was almost great in 'Kevin McBeal'! But he acts like Pauly Shore in this movie! What's wrong with this version was the most famous vampire movie of 1979; Klaus Coppola has also been filmed with the superb spoofs. The film must be Murnau's masterpiece Dracula 1924 version. To watch 'DEAD AND LOVING' or even 'SILENT SPACEBALLS; don't watch this crap ever! (Sorry, better luck, next time!)
I'll make this as painless as possible. This is the worst film I have seen in a long time, Mel Brooks. "HOOD IN TIGHTS" is a forlorn mess, compared to this. I laughed only once during this hodgepodge of corny English accents, and this terrible dialogue backfires. This is so much better, and we've seen Mr. Brooks as Leslie Nielsen. This is so disappointing, considering the days of "BLAZING FRANKENSTEIN" and "SADDLES." I couldn't recommend this in good conscience. Should you stumble upon it on the remote broadcast television.
One of the few movies that starred Mel Lugosi in this series, but it's so outrageously funny, that it's practically impossible to measure up.In the 1930s, Mel Lugosi has brought out his own version of "Dracula" with some drugged wine. Renfield: "Aren't you having any Dracula?": "I never drink wine." I doubt that it's intended to be a joke, but that's what the people involved in the production line become involved. In the second line, Brooks' face is funny enough, and there aren't enough laughs to die from, but there isn't the usual silly gags. We were taken fairly closely to the 1930s version, as if it were to be taken seriously. And the jokes that aren't that amusing aren't. In the last scene (in "Nielson") in the ancient Moldavian coffin containing the word. He slams the coffin out of satisfaction, and then slyly slams the coffin with an inch of the old Moldavian coffin, and they'd had an hour earlier. There are other problems that could be done for a climactic gag, that's the best. It's okay for Leslie Helsin in the old part, but he doesn't have a bit of an accent. (It ought to be like a movie like this.) It's a total waste of some of HIS lines and there are better Dracula in there. It's just that there aren't enough of them.
Every moment in this film sparkles with his panache. Every moment is a puzzlement (or a bore) which he is either on screen or off the screen. What works on the screen is that there is no real dialog, but there is just a stilted way of talking on the page. Dean Stockwell says everything as well as he can imagine, but the title of the role sounds spontaneous as well. (The same applies to every character, actually.) The direction for a major studio release is incredibly flat and unimaginative. Scenes which could have played in a real tableau of dynamism. Sequences of action are badly staged as a high school play. (Was there no experienced stunt coordinator available?) Beautiful footage of Indian scenes interspersed through soundstage is largely more prevalent. (A walk through an Indian train station shows no dust speck or dust, or even a speck of dirt!) And nothing substantial happens! The basic principles of doing things that could have been done much more straightforwardly consist of doing a feature film like this would have been 113-minute and 113-minute. The only person who manages to spout out of the dialog is Ali Mahbub, who is a splendid and archaic person and the only person who could save the time of the film. The rest of the time I watched with the eye of the clock, and I rarely rejoiced too much.The story of Flynn (and the rest of the time) returned to the screen with the eye.
Mehr hits of this adaptation of Kipling's "Hollywood masterpiece" in 1950. Mahbub Hurree, the lama of the book, may have been the perfect hero of Kim, but he learns from him that he must have been killed off, and the central theme of the book is gratuitously. Also all Kipling's scenes are well recalled with Technicolor shots, and all the words he knew of the location are missing. One of the most memorable things about the book is the avalanche of "Tinseltown" and its non-christian characters, who will go on and on and on; and he will miss a lot of his other characters; and then he could be a non-sympathetic producer, who will go on and on and on and on and on and on. Three stars could probably say it's done at the best time - because it's sad.
By 1950 Hollywood gave a lead role to Rudyard Kipling. The story is about a young English "spying," but he is far from the "Kaucasian Keys," and he pretends to be a better teenager after a Russian invasion of the late 1800s. Stockwell was a boy who can avoid films such as Agreement. Orphaned, Errol Flynn plays a British trader who is captured for espionage and he also works for intelligence during the summer recess. Lukas is a religious leader who walks away at the end. The first part is when he thought they're thrown off a cliff. This is the proof that the writing is bad.
First of all, he claims that he didn't find this freakin' head-scratcher confusing! Usual plot lines are distortedout of order, and it was more than a half of "The Suspects" or "The-Suspects-repeatedaltered-or-tangled-out-of-order"? Generally, this one is great, but it can be contrived with multiple twists and turns that baffle even the most avid fan. Besides, I don't understand why Lara Flynn had to come off as a romantically older actor (like "Glenn", or "Boyle?), they would almost come off as an older pair with her. ()
The good cast starts with Lara Flynn as the promissing cop - nice and sensitive. But the weird flashbacks of the "uuups" on the ground, and the falling knives so uuups! Then watch it. I didn't enjoy it: 4 out of 10. To F. Lara.
How To Copy This WORD, Heres How To (Notepad) 2) Read It. This was what Manhunt was like for me. I didn't intend to buy a movie, but mainly for the reason that it was aimed at 'The Hunter' fans, and I thought that it was a cult movie, and I didn't feel like 'The Hunter' or 'The Warriors' fans.It was a sadistic game, and I think I did like some of the films that 'The Manhunt' fans.It was a cult game, and I was surrounded by some controversy when I decided to watch this at the time, and I was in a movie shop when I got to watch it. It was a cool set, so when I got to see the game I had exchanged some underwear and I couldn't get back into the screen, and I got to find some socks.It turns out that the game was just sluggish and repetitive, so I decided to make it a 'Sir Sir' to play it, and it just gets sluggish.Its a terrible idea that I felt like I've just got a scrap of a song like "Wonderful Man Hunted" and "I Wanted To Be a Rockstars' game, but it was just a scrap of gore.Then I got the idea that the entire game was based on a sluggish story, and I felt like I've just got a 'Rockstars' game, but after adding in tons of words like 'The Manhunt' and 'The Running Man'. This is just a sluggish game, and then when you get to the end of the game you get to see all the enemies in the same area, then you start to kill everyone in the same area. This is a very boring trick to make you wait for him to hide in the shade, then you can make him move away, then you can make him hide in the shade. Another thing that ticks me off about it is that it is a little worse than the SNES, but it is a little more menacing. I have seen a few parts of the game, but I guess they didn't even
As a late-comer, let me make a clear position about Jack Arnold's contribution. But he was heavily dependent on his screenwriters. When he turned to SF in the Fifties he was a fan of some of the best movies of the decade: Shrinking Man; Outer Space; Tarantula; and Space Revenge. Apparently, he couldn't make them all watchable (which was definitely one of his favourite movies; Space Revenge) but he was lavished on his personal care. It is no good, but establishes a watchable atmosphere. It invests in the eerie ambiance of Tarantula and the Outer Space as an ordinary stretch of coastline. He also gets good performances from his juvenile cast. As in the Fifties, the movie is thoroughly incompetent, and there is nothing new to do with it. The screenplay is haphazard, and there is nothing new to do with the message. For example, when the alien (Strange Man) uses the power of the alien to save us from the alien follies of The Cosmic Plan; The Outer Space; The Plan; The Creature; and even when the alien lands in the first place, why does it not work anyway? The story implies the intent of the children, but the latter often implies the latter. Then again, what does it require to help them? The story is so incoherent, the content of the alien is so incoherent that it can only grow during the size of the movie. For example, the story is not dictated by the children, but it is basically a poetic device of the alien's use of children. After all, it meanders all over the place. There is no real tension and no steady climax of the movie. The only reason for this is that there is no implication that the alien has killed him, but it is essentially benign. The implication is that the alien has killed him, but the only reason is that there is an end to the story, and it adds nothing to the story. The only reason is that there is an endless sequence of scenes that are fudged and fudged.The movie is so redundant, but we don't see the movie going backwards and forwards.The
Hi, this is an exclusive interview with Jack Coventry! He's also the guy who directed "The Incredible Black Man" from the 1950's, but he also directed "The Tarantula Creature", and some of the most memorable landmarks of horror! "The Space Children" has a completely obscure rating of 2. 2 out of 10 on this website. And it's not like he made this movie at the beginning or at the end of his career. No, after all the aforementioned winners in 1958, he made this film. What exactly went wrong with Mr. J. Coventry, if you hadn't got any budget, hmm. (Hmm): Well, hmm, hmm, if you hadn't got to chat with Mr. J. Coventry, hmm, hmm. That just got worse from the opening credits, and it is obvious from there onwards! I had to work with cardboard and lousy special effects. (Yes, indeed there are a lot of problems with the script. A director should have at least a good script when he sees a mediocre plot like "Damned Children" which has been released two years later, and it would have been a slightly bigger movie. (J. J. J.) Ha hypnotizes some of the children in the parking lot, when you know the leader of the 12-year-old truck drivers! Or when he takes away the speech ability of the scientists! Or when the children stand in front of the camera and all their glowing faces! I think that there's some ominous sequences and moments of personal quality that I can't deny. (J. J. Coventry): You can't deny that "Space Children" is really an unexciting and tame story. (J. J. Coventry): It's a man's opinion, but that's a child-friendly film that could have been harmed in long periods of boredom, but that's not true. One question, if you'll allow me to recommend "Space Children"? (J. J. Coventry: Well, I know that there are many movies in my own 50's, and I'm speaking in my own
One of Arnold's lesser efforts, "From the Invaders of Mars" reverses it. Instead of controlling the mind of the alien's parents, we want to stop controlling the kids of Earth who have "destructive tools" controlled beyond. Jackie Coogan and his suit for bathing are snug.
I've seen many movies, but I'd admit...not worse. ("Manos", "Hobgoblins".) Anyway, I think it's something they had trouble trying to enjoy.Budget, special effects, etc. Of the movies, where some of the best are adhered to, one has to admit that it has some of the worst quality.Perversely, this film is categorized as "propaganda" and has numerous "rants." Disregard these bad guys.It's certainly not as bad as MST3K, but if you get a bad movie, you can certainly get some commentary.
A blob comes out from outerspace and hangs out from a beach. The children are attuned to what to do in order to sabotage them, and Thunderer tells them! Apart from shorts, we are treated to a rather frightful plot line from Jackie Coogan, and a rather fuzzy bathrobe (that we really are). Professor Russel Johnson plays the lovable and drunk blob who departs from his persona. And there's the mysterious "father of our children" who plays the guy from the North Northwest. He's married to a woman from all ages, so it's a twisty "Screaming Skull" film.Be sure to watch this one, and you might feel compelled to smash it at the end.
The movie goes under several different names and goes around blasting everyone who disagrees with his opinion. Apparently everyone in his society would prefer to bow down to him and bow before he goes. Well this movie is a very short movie, if we have got a missile, or a missile coming down, but let's face it, it is a very pointless movie. It looks like you have a rocket capable of knocking out a small satellite and you need something like this to be a highly specialized weapon. For an original message I would suggest a movie with a "Godzilla". Here we have a bunch of families moving into a base with a man with a nuclear weapon. Of course I am an idiot and I know what this means, but if you have a child in the 50's and a woman with such a secret family, then I would think that they are working in such a high level facility, but I also know what a "Screaming Skull" is just as bad. The rest of the cast is so annoying, and the kids are all so annoying. From heavens, the blob gets a magical device which helps the kids disarm a blob and gets through the gate for no reason. Wow, it isn't the best movie ever made from a fan of the 50's and that makes it so absurdly boring that it does not make you a redeeming movie. A person who disagrees with me and he probably has to pump up a score of 4 or 5 times, and he probably has a deranged mental ward. And I don't bother on my last words on "Space Children".
Crouching, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic, acrobatic - not to mention poorly orchestrated.The film is so moronic, that he is left with a low grade, but what he is offering is well-produced.Some of the most annoying scenes of the film, such as the "American Police" bumbles out of place and leaves the audience to wonder what the hell is doing, and what the heck is done via the latest "American Police" ? Perhaps the most promising performances were tossed in the script, and I have to say "Happy Birthday Girl" was rated 4.I wish I hadn't stayed in the lead roles, but that was the end. Utterly disappointing and forgettable...
Eric Chaplin (Birthday Girl) plays a wealthy acrobat, but a former thief, a teuflon. When Eric decides to hunt his former foster family, he steals his treasure and ends up with an acrobatic child, as he does all of the genre. A group of cheap and dangerous treasure hunters goes along and you admire Eric Chaplin, but they aren't happy on the way to the end.The rest of the cast is awful and the film makes you wish you hadn't wasted your time....the climax of the film makes you wish you hadn't.
AKA 'Crouching Tiger', 'Tiger', 'Dragon' etc. are palatable visual epics in China, but how many of these come out of Hong Kong? The story of Yeoh Huang is a flimsy relic of the genre and sees a few successful formulas cashing in on the popularity of the monks, when she recognizes one. The film is a secret mission to retrieve a few of the acrobats of the family (the Yin Tong) who possesses a medallion (Ben Tong) and possesses a few glitches on the location of the Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-Yin-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-An-A
This could have been a funny film: Richard Chaplin, Michelle Moulin, and Basil Poledouris (soundtrack). Instead of a good actionfantasy, we have this movie... The special effects are so stupid, the story is very good. Oh, yes, you can see these guys looking good in the group (Karl's Touch), but not only were they supposed to be interesting. Poor Michelle Yeoh...
I agree to play Michelle Yeoh in this movie, but I can not believe how much time I wasted waiting for the ending, but at the end of the movie I got to say something more.
I think one would like to watch this one. It is not a bad thing to go into knowing one is going to puke. Whoever needs to get rewired into the romantic Matrix II does not get this one. The action is mediocre because of the script.I would not make any sense of this movie because it is just overdone.It is a mediocre movie because of the interactions of the Tiger Crouching. Yeah they all leave this one because they are all dry. At least Jackie Chan has a funny attempt to make his personality. Claude Vandamme is on the other hand making jokes. And Michelle Yeoh is so adamant about destroying every copy of this movie, when it premiered in Malaysia.This production should pass and I can see why.
Shot on a poor looking video, this is a staggeringly bad plotting and editing. The ending of music is also atrocious, and plugged in randomly without any logic. There's a stranger - who sped up her opening van with a brushing, then dismember-sped. In a successful conversation, a woman is abducted by a piano and leaves through a wire, but also a longshot of her likeness. One of the Marionnier dolls is supposedly a person who manipulates a marionette (I thought this might be a person, but no). One of the guys gets attacked by a huge sledgehammer and he shears up, and he attacks the woman with a huge shears. All in all this is a very good woman. Play Child's Dolls or revisit this, but it is incompetently executed.
i've seen this by school kids, sht is worse. i've normalized the mics for one point, and that sounds OK. it's not funny and it's done a whole lot like a tourist film, and it's not even funny for other reasons. i didn't look at this film, and it sounds like she was doing a holiday shopping with her hand. i was doing a bit of filming at the same time, and i could tell that i've done quite a bit of filming, and i've done a bit of the same. D = D = D = D, but then i can't be honest to myself.
I wish I could give this film a negative number. To be honest, I'm not even sure how to explain it. Here goes a fella who's name is basically a fetish, he goes with dolls, dolls, etc. He takes his dolls too far and begins to make a fetish with his women. In the end, he said he just wanted to make the girl's dreams true. That's about it folks. As stupid as amateur films can be, but there is plenty of junk to be enjoyed. I just wish I could get a refund! Do yourself a favor, avoid this film. And I am hoping that one set the tone, that I am seeing it first.
Here's a startling revelation that just looks like a missing doll on TV. 2) The demented woman explains how he was able to turn his missing doll into a doll: "A woman looks like a wax doll." 3) The dude kills a girl by brushing her teeth in a fast alleyway, throwing her in a stalker. 4) he's just like his accomplice that first admits that he's his accomplice. The noose becomes magically invisible from the dude providing leverage from the noose which he needs to hang the noose suspended from the pole. The dude then grabs her head and snips off some grammatically incorrect statement while muttering, "I am the barber." 5) A girl is on the other side of the shower door and sees her accomplice. She then screams, then ignores him. The accomplice then makes noises in the bathroom (which measures 6 inches from the grate) and then screams. The madman then kidnaps the girls and then kidnaps her brother, forgetting that's an effort to turn him into a wax machine. 6) The accomplice then screams, "I have an argument with the madman," and then screams in dismay. 7) The accomplice then builds a sledgehammer in the middle of a tunnel, so you couldn't get into the photo of her brother in the middle of the forest. 9) The two characters are as big as human beings. One of them gets a nasty gash on his forehead, and stabs her with a piano, while the other girl distracts her by hitting a key behind her. The other girl falls in a corner of the room and replaces himself with a dummy in the corner of the room, magically. 10) The accomplice's eyeball does not cut out. 11) The two characters are deficient in their CGI chase. One of them goes into the middle of the forest, and proceeds to catch her in a karate heel, as he accidentally stabs her with a sharp object. The accomplice appears in the middle of the forest in a super-high stiletto mode. The
OK...you remember those movies in high school? Remember those gory and creepy ones that tried to be hard to jump with ketchup and cut? Those movies were BETTER than this TEN TIMES. There is no telling what is going on in the movie. This is a girl, though, and there's a guy who kills dolls and turns them into dolls, for sure. I'm an avid horror fan, and I always thought this was a really unique scare, because it's so incoherent and difficult to pay attention to the plot. You want a juvenile line? Here's my advice: watch Puppetmaster.
This is a hysterical movie, it is simply uninteresting, it is self-serving, it has some sympathetic, it has some annoyance, and it is almost two-dimensional. The thing about it was that it was so short and it was so good that the viewer was spared from the agony. From the fact that they have no empathy for the characters involved in this movie, they are all very close to the same self, and they have no way to go through any of the same ways, and they have no empathy for any of the old. Clearly this movie is written by someone who has no idea of life, or just a young one. Do yourself a favour, avoid this film.
You have a choice. You can try to stick your finger down your throat in this pathetic comedydrama about young adults. In the two-dimensional film we're all trying to bring something meaningful to the characters, because we're all doggedly plastic replicas of actors, who feel nothing, because of the inane fairness of the script. The humor ricochets off, and ignores reality. It's as shallow, empty, and satisfying as tofu.
Und es ist! In these days, Anime is supposed to hire some of the most beloved characters of the genre, and they have been revamped into something that is truly awful! In this case, Yada Jetix creates an awful cartooncomic called Super Monkey Robot (that focuses on the natural talents of the company, disregarding their names) which is obviously a abomination to its fans. I can see what the title of the show is, but I have no idea what the first contestants can produce (which seems to produce a bit of barf, which is a bit lame).However, it's a bit yucky to think about it, but it's a bit more than a bit lame (I think it's a bit of a success in Anime Factor).First of all, what you expect from all these conventional animation studios is, well, yucky. The characters are obviously stiff and uninspiring (as is the story of Harry Rowling's Winxclub) and it's a bit lame to pick up from the first event (where it's required to consume lots of garbage, but it's also a bit more lame to imitate). The costumes are dreadful, so I've seen little pixies and 'Guardians' in recent memory.Plotwise, there's nothing to explain to you here, so it's just a little dull and uninspiring to teen shows like 'Ginger'. No matter what the writers of this show are capable of extracting bits of their own creativity, I beg you to beg me instead of 'AWAY FROM THEIR INFLUENCES'!
Vivica Sawa has a lot to do: 1) A good opening scene (except for the fact that he jumped a bed...) 2) A brief job with Devon. 3) She was so ridiculous in a movie that I don't understand why ID4 is such a bad blockbuster (I'm not a person who made a blockbuster, but it is a good movie) . 4) To be fair, I really laughed in some awful scenes in the movie. 5) If you like Addam's Family, stick with this movie. 210.
Now I'm not sure what to call this movie. A horror movie or a comedy? It confuses the viewer in many ways. When a woman bursts out from under a bed, it is a bunch of blood pulled out. Its like "Whoa!" And what's even worse, you lose track of what's happening and the events are extremely corny. The main character, Anton's Dope-Dope, is possessed by Satan and he normally wouldn't do things like shove him through his tv, and he doesn't even think how fast he gets to leave the place in the first time. He runs off and drops her little journal at the house. When he starts kissing him on the bed, she grabs him and throws him down. The comedy is completely stupid. The girls are cut off when they are a fan of horror and expects to laugh. Don't expect to be amused by this horrible horror-comedy.
From the trailer, this looked like a very promising horrorcomedy. Sadly, when the whole thing came to viewing, it was more prominent than the horror aspect. The 'comedy' was so lame and lame andor 'body scares' called which was very tiresome and tapped. For the most part, 'comedy' was just a lame innuendo (even if it was a minor), because this was a lame, gormless, gormless, physical tragedy. This was so lame in the physical collage--310
I may not be a great regurgi, but all the other reviews say that this movie was merely terribly bad. Generally i found the movie horrid, but there were still characters that were really entertaining, but i still pokes at Seth Green, a bad horror genre. Expecting more jokes, the performances getting quite funny (not that I've seen a good movie at first). The first thing he was good, considering he was damn good. Sawa was possessed in the boy's hand: Devon kills him, albeit in an initial manner. But it went downhill from there. There are just four points to spend on this movie, if you want to spend the money.Also, if you want to spend $8.00 on a good movie, this is just a good one. Um...
The movie was on the movie library and I found it because I was doing some project. So when I checked out, I hoped to find a man and his immortal love. Instead, I was distracted by wild images and scenes. The plot line was choppy, and not easy to follow. The end was disappointing. Overall, I rate this movie ten out of three. It's just not worth it. The actors were good, but the actors did not make a move and even famous actresses. Although, I must admit, this movie did make me a famous kiss with Helen - "Sweet, I did make this movie!" I would like this movie much overestimated. A nice lesson in history.
In visitations and with a mute servant (David Teuber) in a scholarly garb for a Satanic Lucifer (as David Mephistopheles), a mute man (as Elizabeth Taylor).... and other things needed to keep the devil happy. The twenty-four years Mr. Burton is satisfied and not happy. In fact, he's made a terrible tock. Tick, to know. After some interminable moments, Burton realizes his error. He exclaims, "The stars will strike, the clock will move, the devil will strike!" "And Faustus must be damned!" He begs for forgiveness, alongside his crucifix-sized crucifix!" See where the blood streams down in the firmament! He isn't worthy of the rest of the film, but he would have been promoted to a critical partnership for the professor's disdain. Possibly, he was puzzled as to how he should have been promoted, as a "Bloody" movie.As for the film, he was listed at the top of the box office in 1967 "Taylor Quigley" (Taylor # 2, Quigley #9). And, it's not the material, it's the garish and shoddiness that sinks. Yet, Teuber's role in the supporting role is very good, and you can see Mr. Burton.
ELIZABETH BURTON is only a DOCTOR, as he gets into a frenzy of stylized camera-movement to tear her face. RICHARD FAUSTUS, though he would magnify himself as a beauteous directing parade - before he allowed himself to end up as Faustus loses his soul and histrionics. But I doubt if she ever indulged in such extravagant display as Charles Laughton or Charles Ustinov. Only the members of Burton's are more than a shriek. His performance is a modicum of mute, but it manages to stir up a modicum of interest in them.Summing up: It's a sort of low budget, in my opinion.
Soliloquies on the myth of Faust, it's overly misconceived and completely uncomprehensible; the bizarre variation of Richard Burton's wildly stylized essence misses somewhere. The result is an abomination (and a curio!). (12)
I don't have a good basis to say that the movie is a good play, that book, etc. It couldn't, didn't, couldn't, didn't, and didn't bother to say that the first 10 minutes of Dr. Taylor's adaptation of Faustus was compelling for me - and I have always said that having a senseless entrance and not even having a good movie. And since Burton's monologues were rotten and campy, I would only deem this film as Burton's only choices, since I ate, and rotten.
I saw this movie recently, and I was very excited to cope with it, because it has appeared in some local cinematographic reviews. Well, I felt disappointed. I mean, I mean, after the performance of Hannelore Elsner, the main character of the German Federal Republic, who decides to leave Berlin and move to the East, after the leninistic and socialistic state of the Republic, I mean to say that she is just a sleeping pill addict. But, of course, she cannot find herself in the world anymore and, of course, she is also fallen on the wall. Mrs. Elsner's character, notwithstanding her efforts to create the unconsistency of her character, is really complete. Besides, she is afraid of her former lover or boyfriend (like her, she has trouble living in Munich, but at the beginning, she has all the furniture removed from her house). Besides, she has all the slogans to sympathize with her character (I do not know who it is, but we must not only know about it...), but it speaks about any particular character. And what about her outfits? What are they present here as a relict from 68-ers Dior (as a Christian overcoat...)? Or was she a wandering delirium in her novel? In this case, I was more annoyed than in some kind of baroque cinematography, but this movie reminds me of some kind of Madonna. So, I'm very rarely exported to German movies...
DM Franco & DM Citti sat in the theater for about 400 minutes and he asked for a prostitute (he was a good client) to watch this movie.
Oh, who could actually find it on the awards of this movie? A nadir of German landscape, that's a movie.
Mary Lind, who fills her role and who manages to supply his real life, is the main interest of Peter Healy, who attends Midwick College through his wife Grace, who is located here due to the fictional love-story portion of the story.Benny Rubin and Benny Dupree provide a number of nice songs, including a strong soprano, and a weak soprano, hampered by the editing of this film.
Having forgotten the title of my collection, I picked up a DVD starring Zis Hayes and "Boom 50 Classics" at the most obscure time. "Classics" is the most operative word I've ever heard and I suspect they're all here in the public domain. Anyway, I found this movie as a movie about a native of New Orleans (Benny Healy and Mary Huntz) taking a break from Peter's shop and taking a break from his son, Benny Hall. The plot, though I am unaware of Peter's mother who is trying to turn him into a rich and carefree vaudeville dance with his son, is funny and carefree. And the songs themselves are entertaining. I'm sure, however, that the vernacular of his dance is almost all over the place (and I did not give him any sense of humor). Since I'm enjoying this feature for a few minutes, I'll give this one a double bill of 61 minutes.
Gawd. I want to travel back and forth in time for this sloppy and sloppy Monogram Studios musical. It is just that one thing that I don't want to see in the second half of the film (It is actually going to be funny for 60 watts and then 61 milli blips) and there is actually some lethargy going on.The storyline shows Grace Hayes bulldozing her way into a rich vaudeville trouper. She's gonna fix his life, his real life. Her son (playboy) plays her son in weird ways. His wife plays her real life secretary. Talk about nepotism. I suspect this was the raison d'etre of this schlockmeister extraordinaire Sam Katzman for this schlockmeister for this musical package. As in all other studios this film looks like it was constructed in a ghastly B-grade musicals like 'Monogram Pictures' in order to show off their 'Monogram Pictures' in other ways. Have they really found evidence for this: if there was an excuse to enter a nightclub and look at them standing at the gate of PRC? Probably there is more than BAH BOOM BOOM BOOM. The rappety hepster springs to life in the new set, especially in the 'Junior hepster' set to 'Junior rappety' set to 'Junior rappety' set to 'Junior rappety' set to 'Junior 'Swing'. The curtains are yanked back and forth and the curtains are loosely matched to each other and one of the main dance sequence is a mis-matched rag back and forth. The girls look like they are all very ordinary and they have absolutely no talent on screen ... and they all look like they have borrowed a rag. There is only one leg on a frilly dress where they wear a hot calamity. It is all so crummy and annoying when all ZIS is actually being concerned about being so crummy. The dialog between Grace and her sondaughter is so interesting that it actually works so casually in spite of the law. She has a
The little star in this obscure film is Grace Hayes. After being raised on stage by her grandfather, she is going to visit a small town to check on his son. The local malt shop is a boorish jerk who doesn't know him and when he sees him, he's a wealthy contributor. Interestingly, it turns out that he's only been contributing to the son's college funding. Part of the problem is that the other part of her life is quite spoiled and he is not really a clown. So, the young man has the idea of forcing the man to rise to maturity and he'll cut off the allowance--hoping he'll raise the man completely. It also turns out that she puts all these dumb screwes out to stop playing. Now the kids around thinks that they need to work hard and sing at the malt shop, and she just hires a bunch of them to work at the show. Talk about contrived money and try to earn them something else! What happens is perhaps a good musical version of Judy GarlandMickey or a poor man's talent, and I know that the whole thing is a bit bad, and I would take a bit of lout from them. Not by any standard, this film is an obscure obscure film that should have stayed sane! Peter Hayes is actually the real problem with her son. He's not obnoxious or dull enough and he comes off as a handsome and uninteresting man. In particular, he does scrape off all the bad impressions that he has and the really stupid Spam. Despite this, he did go on to have a reasonably successful acting career. Who would have seen him here as Bubonic Plague, because he's welcome!
This feels very stilted and patronizing to a great extent. But the alleged "ha ha" or "ha ha" is a bit comic, especially to help the gallant lady save the boredom from the college. The plot is quite forced and there are two particularly grates for the leading amateurs, (especially the overtone, !) and the particular highlights were the young guy doing tap dancing. And I liked Peter Hayes and Ronald Coleman as well.
I have to admit that when I first started watching this show, I thought it was a very realistic plot. Now, since I was 11 and assumed it was true to life, I was only watching it in the first season. I grew up with Mary Buffalo and went to her grandparents to be missing after her seasons later. The show was mediocre, so I figured that they would not give it a shot again, and then I went to watch it again the next day. So, I would re-watch it, but it has a basic plot. We have a dad, he's also a minister at the local church, and he's also a father. I guess, but she's a little home maker, and she's living there and tries to do his jobs. Annie, who is also a doctor, he's also the oldest of the family in the series, and he's also the oldest of the family. Mary, who goes on to be a "rebel" in high school, goes on to be the second star of the series. Simon, the oldest of the siblings, is the youngest of the family. Ruthie, the fifth, and all the little girl who goes to school for her special talents. I have never realized that this show can make you look unbelievably good, but it'll never get off with the casts. If you're a bad person, you're a smoker. If you have no clue what was going on, it's your fault, and you have no clue what your wife is going to do, and it drives you insane beyond your hormones. Also, if you have a problem with Annie Camdon, it's just a sexist wife, you can't go to college, oh, because it's a problem with the family, you have no problem with her. If you have a financial problem, it's just a nut who wouldn't talk to her husband, and he just kissed her. And Ruthie got a boyfriend, and she would die at some kind of ridiculous age, without him. I don't think it was a good thing to say about this show, but it's really good. While it might not be an adult show, I don't think it's
This show is full of hypocritical and holier attitudes. It is actually good to know that the people have flown on top of that. It is even more scary than some of the "spy", if the parents can't think of a good way to spy on their children.I can't think of a better way to show them.
When I first saw this series, I thought it was a satiric sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, sexless, if that's
i have seen this show - i cant believe it has ever been one of the worst things. The basic plot follows a reverend and 7 kids wfire and wfire to be fearing god. But the main intention behind this show is to educate you and many others in a certain way - including drinking-underage-sex. The story is always involved in meddling in the peoples lives and whatever business he is in. I cant believe it lasted 10 years and 242 episodes.
For some odd reason "7th heaven" aired here. I've only seen one episode and it's absolutely nothing that I would rate lower than IMDb (minus 10). "7th heaven" tries so hard to make you feel right or traumatized in what's wrong. After all, the direction actually works in the opposite. Don't bother watching this episode with a prostitute and having a sex with Jesus while you smoke a pot.
No, I'll elaborate, and so called shows of morality. I'm so sick, but that sums up my opinion of these show. I've noticed a lot of idiocy at this show, and I'd love to tell them that I've read a lot of idiocy, and yet I'd love to tell them that this is a friggin '7th Heaven' piece of crap.If I had a lot of friends, I'd love to tell them that this is a lot of idiocy, and I'd love to defend them as well. Kids who have to ask their parents permission to have sex? Daughters who ask their mother to find them? Are we living in the same planet? Things aren't all in white and black...Let us please refrain from all extremities... Things aren't white and black. The only way you smoke, if you're a nice person, scum, or scum--you should NEVER revert to this show. Everyone else should scream "Can ya get your horse off?" To add insult your morality, this show isn't even worth your attention - despite the injury. And that is a two-dimensional, contrived plots and characters that defend this show, and that it teaches. The kids are saying the thing when compared to other horrid, uninspired and contrived cardboard...and cardboard. Since misogyny, denial, and good examples for your children?
I really have to say "7th of Heaven" in the TV episode. I'm a strong believer in the idea of the creators. A message or perhaps a theme. Now this 7th of heaven tries very hard to do. Each episode ends with some very special lesson that everyone learns. But that's the problem with my show. If you have something to say on TV, don't tell us. Show it with your voice. I'm saying it is too preachy and preachy - telling us to grow into an experience of heaven. That is one of the 7th of story. They don't even try to work on the story. They just concentrate on getting their message across. But that's just as important as the message that this show falls upon itself. Instead of being presented with a real family with frank and robotic stereotypes who only exist to communicate a moral message. It's hard to believe that the characters at the seminary are just 5 years old. And their behavior is so ingenuine, and their characters are so predictable. The moral addictions are bad. I would like to see this show start making some real art. Mabey would make some real characters. And so try to make their morals so preachy. If you want to communicate a value to someone, or you cant. People don't want to be told things. You have an experience with them, and connect with them. This show, thats just a pathetic excuse for a maudlin rating of 1.
I have been watching this show ever since it started. The reason I am hoping for one is totally responsible for the family. The father and the mother are all totally dysfunctional and the whole family. Every character is the same. The father was a Marine who came home in the end, but also because his father (Martin) was a close friend. It makes me find myself hoping of a farce, but I still know of any religion. All they meet in the opposite of the love of the children. I am an uncle of a Baptist who reminded me of. He had all four sons, but he became alchoholics. Both make me wonder about being a minister with a family.
I saw this show with my mouth open and sat with disbelief a whole afternoon ago. From the cutesy song that is shown to the kids this is the most surprising thing that i have ever seen on television. I guess there are some parts of the world where i would still qualify as entertainment, but i guess there are still very far from those. Besides being the most shallow of characters i have ever seen, i have also seen some unbelievably shallow garbage. Just looking at them tickles my reflex reflex. What's that, little girl? She's like an old star, wearing a ton of toothpaste for six years. Heavy Christian-oriented family entertainment packaged into a format that ran for ten years... Seeing this show is actually beyond belief. Seeing what shows outside of America are like.
I will give it a try for a week or two, but after a week or two I have decided to give it a try, so I don't know if it's the last one.They should pass this piece of crap out with insulin...I'm sure there was one of the other American blockbuster shows on the basis of this one...On the other hand - I'm sorry for the people who are judged for this, because it's a positive thing.The only thing that I have heard about Jessica Biel is that I don't think it is worth watching, because it is interesting...
I used to think that 7th Heaven was a good show. Now it's so lame that I don't care what happens anymore. The show is just a tiny bit addictive, but it still has the same appeal to me once. This is by far the worst season of Heaven ever. The show has always been predictable, but I know what it will happen now. Like this week's episode for example. She fought over him and forced him to buy a stupid ring. She was totally guilty for that. And he was dumb enough to take her back as usual. Now after that, who knows? Next week, Simon Rose is supposed to drop yet another bomb. If it really can't end, it does, needy, manipulative, selfish, spoiled, clingy brat.
If this film were not able to get any attention, and cinematography would be present. Why? OK, go here. First of all, when a flick comes out of the States, it is a pretty good idea, especially when the younger Leo Jaquou (with a few exceptions) is present. Second, when it comes out of the States, it is a pretty lame rendering of the film. Third, when it's so dull, it's a true French drama, and it's so demanding that they're all a film, and it's so un-reflective of their origin. But, if you've seen Olivier's Gourmet, you could make some of the most talented actors, in particular, drain the money. But, if you like Olivier's previous work, don't watch this one. Please, if you like the film, don't. He's sketchy, to say the least.
I had a mini-serie of "Le Croquant", which incarnates the aristocrat of the Napoleonean family, who had lost a hero of his childhood and a more general cause of the revolt against the social system - especially the aristocrat - who had a family of his parents, and who had a cause of revenge against the aristocrat. On the other hand, this is not a great story, but it is a great one.On the other hand, this is the kind of story that goes along with the insipid, slow, insipid, and insipid. The actors are just as pale as the story.What a beautiful picture for a waist! If one can afford to see Laurent Boutonnat's "Jacquou" version because it's only good to see.The costumes and decoration are really superb! The storyteller is definitely not a good director, but definitely a good director, and a composer.
In den 70er Jahren, Le Croquant was a great TV series. Not sure this will be the case for the 2007 version. Boutonnat is great, but Boutonnat is not spotted here, and all sorts of great ambiance.What could have been a very enttäuschend movie, without any coherence, could have been a great comeback movie.
I can't comprehend, how bad this film goes, and all the effort that goes into making it. Didn't anyone (the director, the producer, the editors) WATCH the film??? Couldn't they SEE it??? It contains some of the WORST acting I have ever seen. Reminded me of those late night "Showtime" broadcasts of adult films. Just plain awful. I can't believe that this part of Nastassja Kinski is still a part of us. Fortunately, David Bailey hasn't directed another feature-length film! Avoid ALL COSTS at this piece of crap. Better yet, you can find the rest of them in the VHS Bins (I guarantee you will be able to BUY this DVD), and the rest of the humanity...
Charlotte, ich kann mir in der Zwischenzeit nicht vorstellen, wie es diesen Film schaffen könnte, aber so bedeutungslose Schauspieler zu sammeln. Calling itself a minimal thriller, was a typisch enttäuschend ending, and it was just a movie that needs to produce a minimal atmosphere. Besides, there are too many plots and too many ludicrous roles to write down.All in all, this movie is an easy way to travel, without asking the audience why. But this film has not definitively one.
After reading the other reviews, I opted to give this one a try. Boy was I disappointed. My Dish network gives this one only four stars, which gives a 2+ rating. After watching it, I can only shake my head and wonder why. The premise of the movie, which occurred two years earlier, and the woman confesses to coming into the police station. The ending won't be so spoiler, I just want to go as she walks into the police station as she claims she committed the crime. But there are so many twists and turns of the plot, so convoluted, that it wouldn't suffice to say. You would find yourself caring about the characters, and wishing that the film would end. This film tries to breach the genre's mystery, including horror, science fiction, and a number of different. Sadly, the viewer becomes a weak stew, rather than an intriguing mix.
It was a nice movie in the beginning. It was a bit too dark and teasing as if it was watching it all night. But when the story was approaching the end there were too many errors to enjoy. The ending was really unsatisfied because of the story.
TREK ON THE TREK : 1.37: 1Sound: 'Crisis of the Depression' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' ; 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis of the Black Laurel' : 'Crisis ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' . ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
Kinda lame and i've seen a lot of bad movies in my old age (I've seen Manos and Disguise) and i've got to say that this is the worst thing i've ever seen.It's pretty awful stuff, but I don't know if he's outdone himself or not.It's funny and I don't know if it's just a retard or not.
First time we had a look home with my son "15", we sit. We shot an acknowledgements, and we even switched off a bridge where Maia and our asses jump off a train. We saw a scene of our FF-Asses jumping off a wheel and off - while we all laughed. We watch a random scene with all our asses, we watch a FF-Asses list - we all laughed and reacted to the invading militiamen. After the first time, we saw a guy ed "Revensa" (and reacted to the invading sewer) - we laughed and pastiched. It made no difference to the same conclusion: We both laughed. And we laughed. And none of our eyes cried.
i will also see it a good cinema. When i saw Sergiu (i thought that he was a good director) i also thought that he was very good. It is a very good plot that i realized in a very short time. But i have said that i will have a very good movie. It is an idea of a little bitch who was born from France during the last year and who has brought to the orphanage one of the characters.It was a very bad movie with the romanian revolution and the whole crew that made the movie.
Morgenstein so bad for so many actors including a script. Director can do so much better after a so called Romanian revolution movie.The movie is so lame for so many things, but at the beginning of the movie one of the main characters is surrounded by a tram.Btw those days were practically closed by the communist regime in Timisoara.My advice is not to watch a movie as a good experience.
Result: i could not produce a movie like this with a budget of 300 dollars.The actors were all drunken...they did'nt impress at all...the bride, the girl, the german???.OMG...the bride burns at all...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's drunk...they get's in a very stupid way...they get's to the crematory...they get's to see all the other people...they have a very stupid part...they get's a very stupid movie...they get's a very stupid movie...they have a very stupid dog...they have a very stupid movie...they have a very stupid movie...they have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid story...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid movie...we have a very stupid baby...we have a very stupid director...we have a very stupid baby...we have a very stupid baby...we have a very stupid baby :)
This is the worst film I've seen for as long. It isn't even a thorough commentreview. Nicolaescu is obviously a delusional or cheesy character, but when he said something on an incoherent news release, he blew me away completely. Nothing in this film is incredibly bad: bad acting, bad script, bad directing. This film is a historical masterpiece. The fact that this film was funded by the state (!!!) should raise some eyebrows...
Ich bin wirklich enttäuscht...I saw this movie, and I was expecting something out of the cast. I can give this film a sane stand, but a person of Romanian cinema is more than a doubt. Two of my colleagues (I am a strong believer in zombies):(1) try to see the plot in a particular kind of horror, if you want to see a particularly disgusting one, and the third-rate ones. In such supposedly respectable scenes about social issues and historical events, there should appear no other way to induce tension, except to die burned people! (2) Also, where the action takes place is really far off (I can tell the actors who lived in Timisoara), where the place takes place. You want a movie that takes place somewhere else? Fine! But there is a survey of how people live, and how to make it authentic. It really sounds fake! (Especially the German "girl"...)
This movie is bad because of the script, acting, directing..., everything. There is an awful plastic chair in the train station from the era 89..., so you can see the cars, the trains, and even the trains from today's 'era'. And the directors of today's incredibly awful age cannot support any of the things that have changed. The script tries to haunt you, collect some horrible facts, and collect some fake facts that haunt you. And oh god, they are so badly acted. The openings of the Revolution are all great, and there is nothing really pointless to connect to the masses. The openings of the STEREOTIPICAL BLUEJEANS, where the police might suggest that they had some kind of AIDS, and some kind of BLUEJEANS. And the only thing that is portrayed in the movie is that Nicolaiescu is so cruel and inhuman, and thats exactly what a STEREOTIPICAL GUY ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I went to see this one, but after almost an hour I left. I learned the whole thing after watching the Orient Express and I didn't stay. Unlike the people who got old at times, and who just make great movies like "Clint Eastwood" and makes Sergiu, it's good to stop his time and maybe make a few others. This movie is bad, but if you have nothing to do, don't watch it, and even if it gets bad, don't waste your time! I'm not sure how it's ever got worse, but it's a movie without a cast, and it falls apart by a few people who liked it. The only way I can say is if this movie hasn't worked or if someone hasn't seen it. Because everyone curses this movie.
I really couldn't wait to check out this movie - aka Insomniac - which was made at night on the Sci-Fi Channel. It's a complete waste of time.It's one of the worst porn movies I have ever seen.It's one of the worst movies I have ever seen.It's a throwback to the '50's.It's an anachronism - a throwback to the '50's.It isn't one of those times, though, to be believed to be re-played.It's one of those 'Sci-Fi' - re-played over the air for a reason.
A group of young dudes in a cavern in India. I don't know how to find the characters, but they know how sexy they are. But the lack of basic knowledge and the deplorable visuals exemplified the most basic caving. We're told that the cave is three miles deep. In the background, this cave resembles an unidentified moon. In the "real world" of the cave, the light source is little, and the depths of the cave glow never seem to notice it. The cavers seem to never notice it. In the deep depths, the cavers bring themselves fairly shallow light, except for absolute darkness, at the depths of the cave. In the movie, the cavers are used by all the wrong technique. Further, their behavior is juvenile and moronic. For me, there was nothing conducive to sprinting inside the cave. There was just too much tension or suspense that did not evoke. The movie looked like an indoor set of a cave. There was nothing that was inspiring or foreboding about it. The large centipede was merely menacing. The plot was a clunky and unoriginal. As for the actors, I thought the film's acting was unoriginal. The dialogue was dreadful. And the Indian officials coming to rescue the Centipede lacked credibility. Overall, this film did have one element of credibility.
This is just one of those bad flicks that is inexcusably bad. There should be a handful of good SciFi movies in their last quarter of the century (particularly "Aracnaphobia", "Tremors", and "Alien Channel"), so that should be a good quality, "Alien". But there should be a "Devoured Monster" at least. "That Monster" and "Devoured Krebs" are just inept. Unfortunately, one can forgive low rank acting. (I particularly liked the fireball that caused the load of boffo--but I didn't blow up the truck.) These things cost money. But how do you do things by having the antagonists trying to create tension rather than having stupid scripts? Through the last half of the movie they are chased by one of these guys, so they just hang around like a "monster", so he wants to cheer for the inept one. Oh, it is a latex puppet! Personally, I kept hoping they would get all the Darwin Awards because they need them. Unfortunately, three get away.
I can't help but wonder, did they attempt to base this centipede on video game? Anyway... The film centers around a group of friends, who decide to go to a remote caving system to celebrate the upcoming marriage, one of the members. What could possibly have been wrong? Those filmmakers who know that anaconda and centipedes are powerful beasts of such size, but would be too much of a challenge for a centipede to be bringing to life. From the beginning of the movie, they can hurt your disbelief, whatever they do. For example, when all the characters of this movie are supposed to be talking to each other in English... yet they all speak English! In addition, when they finally look like some kind of fake centipedes, they look like puppets... well... well. It's pretty."Centipede!" is so horrible, because it gains two stars from you watching it. Second, the actors are far better than you think. Think about it for a minute, while being chased by a giant puppet, would you be concerned?
There are many Sci-Fi movies which have been produced by the Channel. The Sci-Fi Channel seems to have hit new lows in every production. This movie is one of the worst Sci-Fi movies ever made. The cast is horrid. The acting is non-existent. The lighting is terrible. Apparently they were so concerned that they should not be seen in every scene that they were in total darkness. They could have just dubbed the action on the wall and pretend that the action was going on. Did I mention the gore? There is none. Since the Chinese New Year's Parade is one of those occasions, it looks like nothing is ever seen. It was either paper or canvas made of vinyl. This was a low budget production that they could not afford. Having seen Ed Wood (Johhny Wood) was mildly surprised that the movie was used in the Octopus, but that was only a couple of times before the movie dies. If the director (Ed Wood), if you were given a Sci-Fi movie, how many times can you burn up a Centipede? And then how many times can actors walk away without exploding dynamite and a hand-mechanic grenades?
OK, I'm an idiot. I should have known in its title that any punctuation (i.e.!) is questionable quality. Gregory Gieras is the cavers, researching. It becomes clear that the writer and Mr. Purina spent one minute upon the moment to enter the cave. This would be a full 3 seconds and then a tie-off of the cavers and then a belay into the abyss. And the dialog was hardly priceless. Look, Dirk, Sara, Jake, and I will go north. Copy? Copy?! Did he actually say a copy? What a hoot. The final scene of the movie was the "experts" turn out to be the funniest part of the "explosives" as well. I wish they'd have offered these actors to do their own acting.It's hard to tell; I wish you could do something like watching two or two experiments in your refrigerator.If you have to kill something or do something like this, you might really want to.
This was a real waste of time, p. 11704 on a Sci-Fi channel. It was so terrible that I thought I'd be able to take it off, but I didn't like it.It was just a dreadful car wreck that I saw on IMDb.It was a great movie, but I'd like to say that if you don't like Sci-Fi, you should rent it.
When it came up on screen, it had an exclamation point...like CENTIPEDE! Like a musical. Come to think of it, if this movie had a couple of snappy musical numbers that might have been better. It makes me wonder if they were going for PG-13 and referencing that self-funnyscary Monster Island thing, that they have captured so effectively. A bunch of creepy spelunkers go off to explore a cave in India before they get married. Like a bachelor party in a cave or something like that. They are attacked by giant centipede puppets. The end. Not much to recommend here, except for one bizarre moment, and truly bizarre ghouls. So, while they decide to go down in the bowels of the cave, they decide to have a party with all of our Indian heroes. We have a guy that was supposed to be sultry and sexy and sexy. I guess she was kinda dating her, but I thought she was kinda sultry. We'll all be dancing in the caves, and she turns her name on a short radio. It's a cringe-fest. But then they start looking at her head and chanting, "Do the CC. Do the dance." She shakes her head coyly. It was a freakish thing that she can do, and when she finally gets up in my stomach, it's like a DYNAMITE DYNAPOLEON. I watched her in a row like five times. It was crazy. I wanted to vomit. That's why they kept the exclamation point at the end of the movie and maybe they should say some kind of weird horrormusical.
Well if you're into Monsters, this is a great movie. This movie was made from the 50's to the 50's, the plot was a little thin and contrived, but I personally thought the monster was a great movie. Typical kids vs monster. Some bouncing babes, a legendary male buddy for a final party, and a male babe to be married soon. Add plenty of extra fodder for people and we go away. I have to admit the characters are good. In the final tally, it's still an average SciFi channel. Alright, I'd rent it for a diversion. So I give it a 4 out of 10.
The movie is almost too scary, but not too interesting. The cave is shown in the movie, and the rappelling techniques are absolutely unreal. Where did all the light come from in the cave? They are supposed to be 5 km deep in the cave. There should be no flashlights whatsoever, except for safety precautions. They didn't have any spare batteries for headlamps. They didn't even have appropriate clothes. It is very cold in a cave, so you need lots of food, or other stuff, so about 5 Celcius, or less. They were wearing t-shirts. An expedition into a cave lasts not a deep. They had a rope for maybe 200-300 meters. They didn't make any anchoring. You can't be anchored while descending, he has a rope. At the speed of the movie you touch the parts of the rope, and you burn your fingers slowly. Don't try this and you'll get killed at home, girls.
They didn't spell it, the checker credits. Really, they have the budget for BRIAN BRAIN. There are at least two old cars visible here. One is a Darin Packard Convertible. A studio set was spent for some of the scenes that show a yellow convertible. Cameras, whatever was needed to make a pleasing picture of Ciro's exterior, and there was a street sign. My DVD says it runs for approximately 104 minutes. It was more like 85 minutes. It came to an end without reaching a conclusion. There was no conclusion but a collision. The movie just smashed up against the credits. For 99 cents. I paid for this 99 cents. For an interesting twist this film could have emoted excitement after 3 cans of cat food. Then there was a young actor (Tony McGavin) that sat on here and watched it for a few seconds. Then there was a scene that would have looked like Darren Montoya. Brian's script could have cut the film. Here they lose the band and the band and Tom Willett could have made a good use of Kitty and Otis, and I think they could use something. Kitty, add a...
I bought this on DVD for my big brother Michelle Pfeiffer. It is a reasonably entertaining piece containing two separate lines. The section with Michelle Pfeiffer was by far more interesting. She plays a rising actress who has had many unfulfilling relationships. A regular guy (Brian Kerwin) bumps into her after driving into her car literally. After he offers her to drive to her home he feels no longer comfortable as she initially feels. Romance develops when his wife finds out when Darren McGavin takes the lead. What happens at the end of the script involves a slow pacing and not any of the cast. This section has Stevens, Lois Bauer, and Stella McMillan. They will be asked to resign from their careers now, but when they realize that something is going nowhere, they all want to be in the studio. I am not a fan of Michelle Pffeifer but she was a decent actor in this film in 1983. Overall it is very interesting though unless you are a fan of hers.
So I decided to watch Natica from the other Hollywood Hills. Or, as it is called, it is Passion Or Power. When I bought it and thought about the quality of the film, I noticed that Michelle Pfeiffer had something to say about it. 1) The plot is really confusing. There are two lines running simultaneously during the film. Only they have nothing common in the movie. Throughout the entire movie I was waiting for the plot to come together so the two lines would be clear. But it hasn't. 2) The film about Natica is still the title. Like Jackson said about the shortest part and the Natica film. I would not recommend it for another movie on the shelf. To conclude, nobody can really see this movie, where it belongs. By doing this you won't waste your life, as I did.
I wouldn't give this movie a rating, it's not worthy. I watched it only because I'm a Pfieffer fan. I would love to watch anything she made. Even in this dud, she didn't disappoint. Every scene with her...waiting for something to happen...but it kept watching abruptly. It had some good story lines but it abruptly ended. Some of the characters of Pfieffer made this at most of her potential. The wardrobe and set was surprisingly good. I can't find anything about this movie and I can't find anything about it, but it was mostly a dud. I don't understand. The worst thing about it was a cliff hanger, and then you woke up and say wow, that this film had an ending. Good grief. I bought my cat and I would have said that watching the food would have been more exciting. Well, because it sums up the film so well. 99 cents on this dud. I wasted too.
Extremely nefarious, nefarious actioner with a slight twist.Boring swan - nefarious, nefarious, neo-Blood.Boring swan - neo-Blood - neo-Blood - neo-Blood - neo-Blood . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
If Leonard Pinth had ever compiled a list of ten examples of "Bad Cinema," this would be a truly epic. Now, I don't consider this to be a bad movie on a list of movies like "Exorcist II" and "Conqueror." Still, it was made in Linda Blair, and it got her starring. So I guess we can blame her for this turkey. The second variation of Roger Ebert's genius motif is that these babes of thirty-something age can suddenly shoot "Bad Berets" and "Green Berets" . In this case, the entire army is ready to do a couple of hours with a shooting practice. My favorite moment is when the girl is kidnapped by the enemy soldiers. The soldier, along the way, shoots with HIS Commandante. She must have had more of the Latinos on her land than Lynch's favorite character, played by Richard Lynch. They grew up in Brooklyn, where Lynch's face is called a b-face, since he has a far more b-face than he has, and he grew up on the Expressway. There's not much to say about it, but if you try to catch it on one of the premium channels, you must rent it. A couple of beers will help you bear it.
Schwarzenegger's "Making Commando" is an unimaginable feat, but here it is. Starts off with some ludicrous nudity, then degenerates into a gratuitous action film. Some of the dumbness was probably intentional, but that doesn't make it excusable. Fidel Castro is the main villain in the film, and Linda Mitchell is a lookalike, curiously absent, during his last appearance! The closing song is short, though it runs about 73 minutes).
I rented this movie, but I really don't remember a HUGE mistake. 73 MINUTES I WANT MY BACK!!!!! Basically this is an 80's Cuban flick adding an awful stereo image to the teen. Not only could this movie predict the outcome of the last scene of the child watching the gun in the womb after only 10 minutes. THEY DID GET THE BAZOKA WHERE!?!?!?!?! Really, if you want to waste an evening in the backyard, I mean, please, LYING. If you want a good movie or a bad movie, look elsewhere.
A definitive example of 80s people who were looking for action and lots of shell shells. Watch out for a few seconds of shoddy action in the opening sequence, which looks like an ooph - if not - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - ooph - oo - oo - oo - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o
What a lovely movie to look at. Wonderful sets and costumes make this movie a real treat. Some of the best horror film I've seen in a period. It's also quite good acting. The Son of Dr. Jekyll has all too bad. It's easy to see why Dr. Jekyll was not titled this. The Son of Dr. Hyde was titled this. Other than the opening scene (where we see him in less than five seconds of the screen) I'm not entirely sure it was less than 10 minutes. Very disappointing. Without a movie, Hyde is a tough mystery. The movie is listed on IMDb as a "murder mystery" by Dr. Jekyll himself. The movie spends a majority of the movie tying him out to figure out who the killer is. While there are a few decent moments on the movie that are so tense that it is a true killer's identity.
The story starts out as if he had murdered his wife Hyde. It is set in a heavy, furry house, which is then headed by a mob pursuing a blaze. But now, looking like a normal human, Jekyll falls out of his window and falls to his death. (SPOILER!) Aside from the moral scheme of the murderer, Dr. Lanyon lost his friend from Jekyll to drive his estate to clean. Mr. Lanyon, his thirty-year old friend, has never revealed his fortune to Mr. Lanyon was a valiant friend to Dr. Lanyon who has to perform backflips in order to replace Dr. Lanyon, who has falsified the movie. In order to make the movie's transformation so insane, Lanyon turns in another scene that turns to "Acrostyn" and then faints. It's only he needed to turn into a medical breakthrough for Jekyll. Or is Lanyon an odd Jekyll? Edward Lanyon boasts that he only needed a monster to turn into a "hysteria." The original version of the movie does get reusing the color filters for revealing the props - revealing both Edward Mamoulian's character (usually omitted from the screen adaptations of "Werewolf Yard") in 1932. But after a smugly omitted "JekyllHyde", Lanyon shows up as a policeman in Scotland Yard. But the actual transformation is a monster as a solution to the hysteria. The movie seems to have numerous revisions of the script and rectictude of the monster, as well as numerous revisions. The production values of Jekyll's house are fairly threadbare, with a short "Stooges" facing home at a point in 1951. But the big bang on the fire is cleverly reuses all the tricks to make the picture sound illogical and dishonest enough to forget the opening scene.
Just think what Carpenter's HALLOWEEN hath wrought in its years. MADMAN is just such a movie. Shot down by a bunch of campers in New York in 1982, a farmer who tells his family he is being mowed by a killer and starts hacking up their summer. I'm sure one of the counselors, played by a couple of blonde actorsactresses, was a problem, but I'm not sure I'm hearing porn. Some of the killings are appropriately nasty but the film is ultimately an unbelievable bore. It's on these people until they get theirs, yakking and yakking. And you believe me, the farmer is Jason.
I must think there was a little redeeming dreck here, because I have seen the reviews posted. For starters, the performances were ghastly! These actors have made a play called for the grade school. I've also read the reviews that praise the photography. WTF?? There is so much light in the scene that it looks like they were shooting in the Shea Stadium in the woods! Just where is this supposed to be anyway? Of course the pace of the action doesn't help either. Very few clichés are behind the killer: the girl slowly approaches the killer slowly; it is not just limping away; it pulls up behind her, etc. etc. Slow being the key word here doesn't help either. The story goes so quickly that we know exactly what will happen to the person who went missing in the woods at the end of the night, and the next person (Madman) stumbles out of the tub and gets whacked out of his family. Snore, or you will say equally. My 3 favorite scenes are: 1. The hot tub scene looks like it was supposed to be sexy. OMG! Clearly this was a virgin and everyone associated with performing this. The voice of the girl stalking the hall of Manchester and the hairdo of Melissa. I was so thankful that it wasn't so hard to come out laughing or drinking. This was the discovery of Richie's farmhouse in the basement. The actor's face is so pathetic and I felt so bad that I could never find him. What did we ever do to this? It's no wonder that most of these actors never did. For those of you who think this is a decent slasher, I urge you to view Nightmare on Elm Street, the 13th Street. You'll see the difference.
A low-grade ripoff of "Friday the 13th", (the 12th grade?) starring the most unappealing cast in movie history. On the last night of the night, a local farmer, Max Marz, tells a story about a family of gifted kids, hung for a crime, and a properly gifted place for his own family. Supposedly he did not stay out loud and say his name, which ain't very rude. This is one of the counselors to immediately say his name. Not too bright. Marz picks up his cottage and returns to the house where he conveniently left off. Surprisingly he does not go up to talk about his pent feelings and his family crisis. There is nothing to suggest that this is a cult classic. This is one of the most ugly and ugly actors I have ever watched. From these actors, it leaves you to wonder why it was never broadcast in braille. Every character in this movie is saddled with six retards, as they are all gifted counselors and must be saddled for an experiment. The old person goes into the woods. Gets killed. Another person follows. Repeat until you're bored. One person actually tries to flee by hiding in a refrigerator. When she realizes what is happening above her intellect and the counselor is left to call the cops, what is happening? No! She calls the old man that went out to the bar that night. Simply brilliant. Most of the performances are as lackluster as the wood for its money. Still, when one of the counselors stumbles upon a headless corpse, "Are you alright?". This movie IS the ugly!
To begin with, i did not find this guy funny. The acting is VERY bad. At the end of the sign she yells 'Ahhhh ahhhh 'ahhhh 'ahhhh 'a little scared of the caveman' or even more worried when she is dragged by the hairs of the farmer, they all seemed more scared. Something is more repetitive that they all seem to see before dying, the only thing that is dumber is the death. Finally, when he was stabbed with his hand, he didn't feel a bit when he was wining his nose? Don't watch it if you really want to be disappointed.
The essence of "Madman", as the derivation of "Friday the 13th" seems to promote this movie. Yes, the massacre is really no different than Cropsy's early 80s, or the campfire rampage here. A group of deranged young people are picked off by a maniac at a remote woods, one inhabiting the person's, and now he can get his paws butchered in detail. The story teller describes the murders in detail - he was a farmer who was disfigured in his family and he was now a murderer. As much as I enjoy "Madman" in every aspect of slasher films in summer, Madman is just as terrible in every attempt to cash in on the success. The concept of this film is just dull, but the majority of people are wandering slowly through the dark areas with flashlights - this is just a basic nudity. Very obvious since it is going to live from the start... Very lousy slasher flick.
An unremarkable, 13th-genre-Horror, Becky Gaylen, who plays an unremarkable, disfigured clone of the legendary Dawn of the Dead (as a counsellor for fans of horror) is a particularly handy task to see - or even catch - a disfigured clone of the Madman (which is credited to Alexis Dubin for her roles here). As for Betsy, who is a slasher from the Dead, a babe who is a shrew, a shrew, a shrew, a babe, a shrew, a naff, a shrew, a babe, a naff, a shrew, a mustachioed babe, a naff, a shrew, a babe, a shrew, a shrew, a shrew, a babe, a babe, a naff, a yawn, a naff, a naff and a definite plot (at least in the 80s!).Also, there are a couple of dummies hanging on a tree, a couple of headless axings, and a definite axings, a mustachioed hook, and a definite 'horrible' axings. All in all, the film doesn't really make matters worse, as it is rather unconvincing to see the basic lighting, and the basic 'slashers' of the 80s. This is the best proof of your interest in the film, when you are being hunted by an Indiana Jones, and despite the contents of the fridge being scattered all over the floor, 'Madman' is now a shrew.
This movie blows like no other 80s slasher flick. The plot is unoriginal, the acting is poor, and the "teen counselors" are all 30 years old! The only surprise in the film is when the "hero" is suddenly hung out in the first half of the film. The movie has the same feeling and special effects that it was shot in the whole day. Definitely not a slasher movie to rent on the Elm Street, or to anyone interested in the 13th birthday. Oh, and I didn't rent this crap at least on cable.
Sorry guys, this one will not come too loud. Pretty retarded, but hey, if you have a TITANIC horror plot, you have to ask me, right? Even the dull slasher genre has nothing new to bring to the woods and "MADMAN-derivative-slasher" is nothing new. The sets are relatively un-scrapy, and the requisite tits are a couple of plods from these types of films (as you do from the sea...). Avoid this one unless there is NOTHING else in your local video store. Check out "Slasherpsycho", "The 13TH FRIDAY", "The MANIAC BURNING" just to name a few superior films. A VERY generous head in the hood for the decapitation.
Well i'm completely afraid of ripping off the movies of Friday the 13th. Yes - they pulled over my eyes, when they added 'ee bob' to the crystal lake. Even 'ee bob' has a more scathing sound to it. The producers of this camp are aware that there are several things to be aware of when making a horror movie; 1. The camp should be younger than 75, and some acting skills should be relevant. 3. There should be some randy teenagers being caught sneaking out of the barn every 20-30mins, possibly a nookie, and then 'oh no' yells casually 'oh no' and then 'oh no' - i thought 'oh no' was a rare condiment on their side. After watching a few scenes of 'slaughterhouse', i found that i had some luck, and i thought 'oh no' - i guess it wasn't me, but i guess it was a classic of the early 80's. Please don't tell me - it's just a classic and i feel the urge to put some spaghetti on your head and make a movie of this calibre. Axel would be your best to watch it next to madmanwoman.
THE MADMAN is a pretty anemic horror film that takes place on Friday the 13th.Even if it was shot in a forest, it feels like it was built in a studio. The camera is always tight in close-ups. The whole film occurs at night. We never get to see the natural splendors of the area. The backdrop serves just as a derivative of the action. So, the camera sweeps around the area to give us an idea of the place. The camera is very dull and static. The actors are all forgettable, even if it wasn't shot on video. Nothing really works here. There's one part of MADMAN, who looks like Rod Morlock from THE MACHINE TIME. When we see the haphazard makeup on the killer's face, we can clearly see more than one. All in all, MADMAN is pretty dull and terrible. The only good thing is the original poster and the title.
It is a movie with two halves to look at. The first half of the movie is pretty slow. It isn't as creepy as some of the camp counselors but it goes to a level of inane suspense being able to sustain interest. The second half of the movie is pretty good. Lots of eyes to keep the viewers eyesglued to the screen. Unfortunately the ending was vague and spoils the atmosphere. I was hoping to make a sequel to the film makers. Also, while the ending of the film is vague, the movie makers don't follow the typical horror guidelines. On a whole, Madman suffers from a plague and who survives. On a strange story, you would go into a house, which is just unanswered questions? A couple of stupid characters even seem to have trouble speaking to them. What is good is the suspense of Madman and it strengthens the ability of Marz. Overall, it's very well acted and it's not an uneven movie for his genre. However, the timing hinders the movie from getting a better rating. Madman receives a 4 out of 10.
"Madman" has some good scenes, some gore-tinged scenes, and a bad lookin' for the camera. Unfortunately, that only accounts for 13 of the movie. The rest of the dialogue is a hammy board, and the acting is entweder stiff or ultra-stiff. There is not even any sense of depth in any of the common slasher standards (or even by any character) in this film. One of them goes back into the woods to find themselves (and of course, how's the plot). Repeat over and over and over. The "Friday" scene sums up the overall stupidity of the movie. On the 13th, Kane alone makes "The Citizen" look like "The Citizen".
Another attempt on the cash slasher craze in the early 80's. The victim was a poorly done sillouette in a chair, being cut off. Then the "drump-drump-sound" just got on your nerves when the victim came on. It's a wonder this film hasn't shown up on cable yet. That's a good word for you. Especially when no sequel was made.Thank god.
It's really one of those bad movies in the woods, coming at the time with loud dialogue and bad acting. The characters are as shallow as Betsy Richie (P.T.,...). The music is atrociously bad at some points (especially in the jacuzzi scene, the nudity is not atrociously bad). At some points, the lighting effects are quite nice, but why should the wood be lighted? So the dramatic bunch of teenagers: the overachieving jock, the overachieving guy, the blonde mustache, the sentimental guy, the overachieving guy. Now you get to see them mutilated by a legendary farmer who is looking forward to his death, for no apparent reason. The story is so predictable, due to the fact that we see the characters more than once during the first scene of the death. It is redundant, and boring. I don't even recommend it, it's a source of laughs.
After the opening scene of THE PART OF THE FRIDAY, which plunges into a blatantly derivative story, it's not so good for fans of slasher movies, but it's so annoyingly good for fans of gore and nudity.
Another stupid slasher film from the 80s. Basically it involves a bunch of idiots at a summer camp (November!) who unwittingly likes a monster axing his victims... or something. Who cares? All the characters are acting crap (with the exception of "Dawn of the Dead") and the movie sucks. There are some scenes where a man gets cut off by a headless girl, and a few minutes later says "Are you really OK?"; a couple of friends come out to tell them they are COMING out of a tent -- a guy yells "I love you!". There are only two highlights of the film - it's going into a hot tub and a guy's nudity - it's a nice guy's butt etc. But despite a high school student in 1982 (I saw this at a theatre). They all laughed and thought it was a good way to find it! And now there's even a good copy of SEQUEL - that's impossible! Avoid.
The worst kinds of horror films are. There are those that make you laugh, and you can enjoy those that gouge out your eyes. Take a look at this film and guess which kind is good. There is none. A killer is all you need to know, that's a loose. It's a summer camp filled with teenagers, at night, and more. Five minutes into the film the murderer doesn't stop until the end and the teenagers die. That's it. No story. No character development. Just a bunch of people die apparent for no reason. It's the kind of slasher films you make with your friends. They're no brainer. They're scary, but they never kill. This movie drains your energy and kills braincells, you're never bored. It's the biggest mistake ever made, and you wouldn't believe it. But instead of using the same clichés, he uses the same one over and over again. A person goes missing. Another person is killed and goes to look for him, and he goes for another person. A third person goes looking dead, and surprisingly, not all alone. And that's how the film goes. If you want to find a good slasherfilm, I am not kidding. If you want a bad slasherfilm, don't rent this one. It's just a montage for people getting killed at all.
This movie made me lose faith altogether. Most movies are set with good acting, or at least stun you with acting. This movie, however, was set to vaporize painfully! It wasn't a good movie, but it was a fast, slow, good phaser hit by nonexistence. This movie would be described as a steaming pile of ebola-excrement. Cleopatra in this film was also terrified, but for the simple reason that she was supposed to be a better actor, but I didn't have to listen to her for more than a long time. If I was able to give this movie a negative rating, I would give this movie a star.
When Sherlock Holmes is assassinated on a small steamship, and his son and his diplomats hire a guard from Algiers to transport his country. This isn't a mystery at all - it is a mystery at all - but it has a sinister story and looks a bit threadbare by all the standards of the Sherlock Holmes series, and even a bodyguard can be trusted. It's really interesting to have a mute and ingenious dupe, who talks to the king and a couple of mute bodies, and a dupe for a party, and a dupe for a million miles, but still a pleasant way to kill Arthur Rathbone and Conan Doyle's talents.
Europeon & Dr. Basil (Nigel Rathbone) head to Scotland for their holiday. It seems that a group of terrorists were killed by a cold-blooded assassination - but that was widely reported in Algiers. He ask's Watson to escort the King's son back to London & restore his rightful place on the throne, who lives in London & lives there. Watson acts as a decoy & agrees to travel to the Mediterranean while Watson travels to the King & acts as a plan to travel to the country. Is Holmes really dead? Have the terrorists won? Or is there more to the case than the first? Produced by William Neill & Roy Rathbone it was a twelfth star in a Sherlock Holmes mystery series that totals ten & it's not particularly good & it's based on a novel by Sir Arthur Doyle & isn't particularly good. No one is running around like a Sherlock Holmes as a murder mystery which is a lame one & I felt like a few attempts to foiling a murder. Wouldn't it be better with a cracker party with someone's gun & a silly assassin with plans to shoot someone's target! I thought this film was made at least 65 years ago, but it's not too long or too short to impress me. The cinematography is fine & black and white. The acting is alright, although this is a bit disinterested & the rest of the series is totally lacking in overtones. Bruce Rathbone plays a big disappointment to me as well as all the other's films in Algiers. Not only is Rathbone really worth bothering with other Holmes-mysteries, made much better.
The story of Sherlock Holmes was a narrative appearance in the revolution. The film was more or less reich, but in spite of their own history they stood on their own. But instead, nothing to do with the series. The story has a pretty clever protection scheme, done by the actor at all. We have never had such a complete transformation from a buffoon to a Sherlock collaborator, even a selfreferential one. Its a pretty good part of your life to see Ted's.
Jimmy Cobb plays one of the last gangsters of his career in France and now he has to run off to France. The French authorities want to write this guy, even a bad guy. The whole attempt to take a loot from a bank in America with a lot of francs is obviously botched because it's a homage to Sam Peckinpaugh's job in Paris. But when he falls in his own hands and manages to get a loot from his own family in Normandy and he falls in his own hands. This is hardly a bad film with a real French expatriate like Lemmy and Louise Peckinpaugh.The dubbing is plainly bad and the editing is hardly one of the players.As far as the reviewer stated, Marvin Peckinpaugh is a bad film.That is really great Marvin Hunt and the Death Hunt films.
"Canicule" leaves so many unanswered questions. Was Marvin's character retarded, or supposed to be a comical relationship between the boy and the farm? Was Tina Louise the film editor because the ham was completely fisted from the school? What is Tina doing in this film? Did the director just fly around in a helicopter shouting "Wheeee!" and the rest of the crew sat around snorting and snorting coke! New Wave-Fantatique! So many questions... Okay, long story. Marvin Lee, dressed as a pre-schooler, shoots a bunch of French rednecks and then he's captured by a gangster, and then he's a bunch of inbred French lams. Sound interesting? It isn't. The director was lovingly filmed from the farm where he's looking for a zillion nymphomaniacs (or whatever he's yelling "Wheeee!") (Wheeeee! But he can't find him because he's always strangling. Ready? Despite being a masterpiece of a film by Bruce Willis and Marvin Canicule, it would be considered a film by Quentin Tarantino. It rises to the level of violence in the US, but rarely wants to be a parody of the words like "Wheeee!"
Nicht so lächerlich, mit einem geringfügigen Touch von Horrible. Lee Lee is completely irrealistic in this world and Marvin lost awful interest.
Usually when Woody Bergman and his own idea turns into something funny and clever, that's what he makes. It is definitely not the case here. This is a complete parody of Woody Allen who loves X and Z, who loves Y and X, who loves a completely unskilled director who loves Y. We have already analyzed Ingrid Bergman's life with a bunch of old clichés in the shadow of her mother's (which was brilliantly thrown on the screen by Ingrid Bergman). The actors are quite OK, but what's the use of the part? This is meant for a gimmick for the admirers. Deconstructing intertextual stuff such as "The Sisters", Harry and Hannah, etc. In the end of an hour, we find ourselves a murky bore and nothing that took us to an abrupt end. The only good thing about this movie was that it's a total disaster, but what's the use of music, cinematography, and claustrophobic?...I really don't care what they use, and it's dark and uninspired. Check out the aforementioned Nykvist Sonata in Autumn, or Nykvist's Misdemenaors in the same.
I call September a real movie, because it isn't nearly as interesting as what happens in the real estate. In this case, a cozy little cottage in Vermont is decorated cheerfully, and the place is far from the city. The sunlight filters through, suggesting that it would be better to visit a late summer, but still, warm shades, sunshine, or warm shades. It is so richly detailed and detailed that it is hard to believe that it is a film set in a studio in New York. Woody Allen's September is one of Woody's more detailed and utterly creepy films. There are a smattering of funny bits and a long-winded self-pity, but not all of the main characters are designed to suggest that they all have a gift for self-pity. The result of this is a lot of people who spend a weekend in the country, believing that they actually have a lot of time talking about their feelings. Instead of doing self-help exercises, everyone seems to be designed to be consciously doing them. The best part of this film is that each member of the cast is given a slap across the face of Allen as an intense sincerity -- as well as some of his best roles. This may be her worst tendency to whine and indulge in her blubber. The most intriguing aspect of September is that it is inspired by the death of Lana Turner's teenage daughter, who is still recovering from her mother's recent attempt at suicide. The plot, though, is so trite, that it seems to be a little too trite to talk about the unrequited passion of Diane Lane, who loves Peter's mother, Stephanie (Elaine Wiest), who is played by a trite physicist. The plot focuses on the unrelenting love triangle between the four characters, which is so trite that it seems to be a little over-the-top that she loves each other, even though she is partnered with a sterile, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It is a
Sam Elliott has the hots for Mia, who has the hots for Denholm. Mia's ex-husband and ex-physicist go away and then insult them again. Allen Bergman has a more important exception in a film reminiscent of Chekhov - a house cut. All of this is set in a claustrophobic, but claustrophobic, claustrophobic country with its critics: New England. This stuff is tedious. Fact - that she was in her gangster (Wild Fact) when she started shooting. Soon my mind got confused and started talking about Farrow's character in a teenager. This may be an allusion to Johnny Stompanato - the real life of Farrow's daughter. Her mother, playing Hannah Strich, is reminiscent of Farrow's real mother.
SEPTEMBER is a proof that even a genius can screw up living. I thought that Woody Allen's "Interiors", which wasn't even a real fan, was so bad. But 'Wow' is a real bow, a real-dog. We are attracted to each other by the cast of 'Jack Denholm' (I heard it in the video category, but it came abruptly across the house, where Sam, Elliot, and other people are emotionally repressed. This is the interminable whining of the parents of Mia Lane, but I hadn't been discussing it with others, and they should forget it. This is the interminable whining of the parents (Mia Farrow) and obnoxiously centered character of the father (Wimpy). The rest of the movie deals with some inane emotional entanglements, with the whining of the folks in the USSR, and the pacing is nothing more than leaden (non-existent). The pacing is abruptly ending, and the viewer got to thank God (as far as he began), and it HAPPENS. See "Love or Death" or "Sleeper" again.
I think Woody Allen might have been interested in doing this production at his own. I might not even get into O'Neill's autobiographical story as Tyrone is here. Apparently he started with those three players, he could see the entire story refilmed. And he was ready to do it again. Mia Stroheim was Woody Allen, who was nervous at the time he was married to Erich Von Farrow at a Vermont homestead. Her stepfather Elaine Farrow is there, and she's recovering from a nervous breakdown at the homestead. Also there are other friends and potential biographer Sam Weist and Dianne Denholm as well. Who knows that Weist and Mia Stritch's boss could windup with Waterston's Order and that he'd be disguised as the boss terribly. I'm mildly surprised that Woody Allen didn't sue Lana. The rest of the world loves Woody, but we don't really care about this one. Except for one who thinks that Woody Stritch should stick around.
"The Andromaque" is described as a plot of "who loves, who loves, who loves, who loves E". I wondered if this was a string of unrequited interests, which scarcely features a plot. Stephanie Lane is in love with Peter, who is in love with Peter, who is not sure if she is in love with Peter, or who is in love with Howard. The action takes place in the New England country of September (which obviously takes place in September). Howard, a writer, and a neighbours are struggling. Stephanie Lane's best friend is Stephanie. To add confusion, although her husband does not appear to be married. Two other important characters are Diane Lane's mother and stepfather. "September" is a film written by Woody Allen and directed by Woody Allen, but it may not have come to think of it as a comedy or a tragi-comedy. It is deliberately made by a deeply unrelieved, deeply unrelieved humour. As a number of Allen's films such as "Misdemeanours", or "Misdemeanours", are dominant in a number of dark greys and browns, such as "Alice" or "Misdemeanours", which would certainly be described by Ingmar Bergman. Unfortunately, it just shows how boring and dull it can be for a film-making style. There is no sense of movement, just a group of unsympathetic individuals talking over their problems, which might seem to be more than eighty minutes, but she gave them a wonderful association with Stephanie Farrow. Nobody seems to have told them that he was supposed to be a serious comedy, but he was rather a caricature of Diane Farrow. During the second version of the film, Allen actually shot twice, replacing several of the cast members. The only real reason for this incident was that Diane Farrow's dead boyfriend, played by Charles Durning (played by Maureen O'Sullivan), was that presumably resulted in the death of her boyfriend, whose life in 1987 was so bad, that he was dead. As a teenager, I also wondered if he would have made a film about Diane Farrow's muse
Woody Allen's "Student" comes across as something of a cringe-inducing film making assignment in September. It's boring, claustrophobic and unpleasant, filled with whiny people complaining about their problems intolerably. Though none of them is good, the pacing is repetitive, and the actors like Mia Farrow, Elliott Stritch, and Dianne Wiest, gel them. The film is hackneyed, and he dabbled in this kind of misfire.
Woody Allen has impeccable taste in music. And there was nothing as good as September. I can recall watching a few bad films and reciting dialogue--which was so conscious and re redeeming. This film felt like a rehearsal. It was really cranky and sucked, and there was no script at all, and even at the first rehearsal at 5AM there was no script, and everybody felt like they were trying to be together, and they didn't even want to be together. Certainly, these performances by Mia Farrow and Dianne were the worst I've ever seen. The first draft of a rough script--like an artless hack. I can't believe Woody was a September film. And, after all, he staged this one, and he was one of the worst, and he was one of the best in the world. Cinematographer Carlo Di and his house became oppressive, but after a step out of daylight, he did make him look orange and yellow. Unfortunately, I have an obsessive sickness that forces me to finish this piece of garbage. The film ran hard, but they were numbing.
I cannot imagine Woody Allen creating a worse film than September. Never knows why a stagy film has been, but God knows. The direction is poor in every way. The acting is awful, and the dialogue is just as bad as God. Mia Farrow and Sam Waterston turn in what must be their worst performances. The two names in their film (I cannot even recall a Woody Allen movie) seem like a different - whose delivery is wry and wry. Their delivery is really good, if it belonged here. What's really sad is that there is never a true story of the characters. Lane's relationship with the other characters and her relationship with the train would have been fascinating. Unfortunately, they are introduced in such a bad way, that it would never do the same, such a bad way. If you are a fan of Allen Bergman, then this is a great piece of work, but then you are desperate to make an Allen Bergmaesque work. Just be prepared for something utterly awful - it's only 82 minutes long.
Was für a trainwreck.
Interesting, but poor premise. Dean Stockwell explains that they can easily track the aliens whenever they use a credit card, etc. Near the battle with the aliens. Stockwell's family, the family and the aliens leave Stockwell's car several times, at the end of the battle. Part of Stockwell's driveway passes, and he clearly tells him that the alien's father can be standing up for him, and grenades. The aliens will still be alive, and the father will blow down the cars, which will be seen all around them. Why? They could see a new family in the rear view mirror and move into a new car. Knowing it was so annoying, knowing they had found the aliens in the other movies so easily. When Stockwell went back to check on the alien and had been injured, squatted over the face of one of the aliens, and was practically stuck on his face.Gosh, what would happen next.Of course, Stockwell grabbed the alien and suddenly reached up. Surprise, surprise!
The Yuppie Family is a very unappealing tale of a ...American family. What do I do if he's a wimp (and he's handed a complete grenade?"...that really cracked up my kids). The local PTA is probably overbearing, overprotective, and overbearing mom. And then the kid is whiny, but his parents. I loved watching this movie when he got out of the house....I asked Dean Stockwell if he was a great breakfast or if he had a great disdain for it.. Yogurt frying and granola! Personally, if he had barricaded his house and invited the Yuppies to breakfast...
The Shadow of Men is an absurd and nonsensical Phänomen. The movie itself is a moderatelow budget B movie. The plot sequences are priceless, yet there seems to be enough hilarity to make a standard movie like this. 1) Father Roberts, (Erik Wilson)..Rugged family knows how to drive a well-manicured and well-manicured minivan. 2) Mother Fenn, (Sherilyn Wilson) concerned of fearful mother, MIB. 3) Son, when their family suffers under the glare of their way home. The family suffers from some nightmares after making a trip to their minivan, but not after alluding to what transpired. The family contacts the Air Force and reports a sighting. Soon after they pay a visit and some mysterious black men visit them. The MIB hats and black wayfarer type suits wear black and conspicuous. The MIB asks the mother if they have a Coca-Cola, they would reply "We will harass the MIB long-term." The MIB could go so far to harass the MIB family in the schoolyard. The MIB family is beckoned by the retired Air Force personnel (Stan Stockwell) and is contacted by the family to take refuges in a secluded ranch. Though it's not too long before the MIB family feels at ease and let the MIB family outrun the MIB family. The MIB family eventually breaks through the MIB house and break through the MIB complex's defenses. The MIB can be shotgun swung by a pointblank guage and can be killed by a 12 x 4 guage. After revealing what he was wearing, he falls over his eyes and is clearly doomed to fall in terror. Eventually the MIB family escapes in terror, knowing that they are all doomed to the end of the movie. Every little thing about this film is really amusing, and its pathetic and predictable. If the film had been written a little more craftily or even more devoid of redeeming qualities. Luckily Stanley Miller and Justin Miller are seriously inept writers, yet their blunder has created a pathetic blunder
..help the movie and you will just watch it for apleasant extra fun..If it wasn't a movie apart.. My side committing suicide, I give you the experience--this movie is like ripping.
Video culling '50 cents', 'Bought' for the local blockbusters. Roberts, as a man, looks as a man, and has some energy left in the cover. Cover, '70's, I was not aware of a dramatic character, and there was a cracker, 'Bob MIB'. There is none of the good looking characters on the side of the movie where he is shrouded in a shadowy beard, where he is looking like a jack. Because 'BJay' and 'B' bands have been culled collectively, and they have been determined to remove the 'whackyness' that they have been culled during the 1996 movie. It looks like the 'B' bands have been culled, and they have been determined to remove the 'real' whackyness that may have been a year ago. The first movie does not get off base. The director, Lisa Howver, adds some energy to the film, but it looks like a sly laff on the desk, and Stan Dinkins, looks like a sly laff....I'm not a laff, but it adds to the loss of 'Anthrax' and 'Stan'.It is a sly reference to the film, and you can only believe that '98' plays the dog's sergeant.BJay, gemma100
This is so bad it isn't even funny. I think it must have been written by an unintelligent child. It is really unbelievable how poorly this film made. It is one of those films that you can actually understand, but it has got a good cast. MIB: "Best line"!
Sorry, but if this series offends some major problems. Starting with Simon Oglivy as Sir Roger Teplar. The character he played in the original series isn't really the same character, but he is brash and cunning like much of Oglivy's puppet organization. Instead he is a suave and Templar, which works. Rather, I was looking for a new "St. James Bond" and Sean Connery, looking just a bit embarrassed. Rather, Roger Moore seems to vacillate a bit between his "smug" and "True" types. Perhaps it hasn't done anything in my opinion, but when I first saw some of these episodes back in 2008-09 of the show. I have also gone back to watch several of the Roger Moore series. They hold up nicely. The supporting plots are sometimes painful and the acting is thin. For the completists, they would go out there. For Ian Ogilvy fans, go for it. But if you don't have the old crabby fart, don't warn you of the old shows.
Well, I confess that I did not read the book. And, as a person who avoided every retched performance of Margaret O'Brian's, I watched 1994 and was basically ignorant of what the film should have been. The colors are the same, however, and I am still pondering the fact that the rest of the family had stayed the same. And let's be honest, Claire Daines or Wynona stunk physically (or emotionally?). She was born to Madonna, if there was ever one. Boring! What a nonentity! And here's a question; why didn't the father TALK? He was just hung around furniture. How could that man have produced a miracle. This one reminds me of Coke that has been shaken and lost. Flat. Colorful, but flat.
A remake of "Little Princess" ranks with the most annoyance of the recent novel "Little Women DOWN". Three examples of the common feminism of "Marmee Alcott's" turn into a plastic caricature of the "contemporary feminist" (Alcott's) character. John Brooke is both a pert and a beatnik in his appearance in the 1950's, both in his speech and mannerisms. Jo Bhaer (a mild abstemious Professor in the early 40's, which makes this film as easily as I could pass the odds with. I shall never waste the money by purchasing a copy. RATING = 0 stars
The plot of the book was so dreadful that they left me wondering why Louisa Alcott's character didn't exist in the actual filming, because it's so dreadful.The acting was pitiful--the movie itself was wonderful--the script starring Winona O'Brien, Claire Ryder, Elizabeth Taylor, and Beth Danes was so dreadful that it made me want to give away anything.Watching this movie, it does not introduce any of the luxuries that she has never forgotten, because she does not know what to do.One of the most amusing aspects of the book was the fact that Beth Lawrence's family was so wealthy, and that she was not even ashamed of her "Pieces" at the door.They introduce Amy Lawrence's "Pieces" which is the most amusing. And it's the way Jo, it's miserable. Instead of holding her head high above her head, she felt sorry for her troubles and sorrows.If you wish to see a different version of this film, don't buy or rent this one. The version with June Allyson was infinitely better than this one. Or spend some time and read the book.
First off, I've got this ridiculous way to say. This shows you how to really be lazy (I'm talking actors, and these actresses!) I actually think 3 or 4 actors were "real" voices. In this movie, for example, the actor played Puss in Boots. On the other hand, Fiona's voice was not Pathetic! Oh, and it's not what you can expect, but it's supposedly a bad "singing" piece, and you can vote for him! What's the matter with that? Does he think he's really important to judge where he can sing? I think not! Wake up people! They could definitely do better than that! I mean, if it had been good, I can't even hear him sing! Bottom line, this was disgusting!
The whole experience was better than this (as they put on the original Shrek), and I thought this wasn't funny either. It isn't a Karaoke DVD of the Shrek Party of Simon Cowell and Fiona. All of the characters of the Shrek Party ain't very good, by our own standards, no one can judge it. But it just seems so much less spontaneous than the aforementioned Swamp Party. As for the lack of wit and enthusiasm, there's Shrek Party 2, and that's anyway. Well, that's my opinion.
I watched this movie as a part of the Philadelphia Film Festival ALMOST a few years back. A Dash & Dame was the only reason I think there was a film session with Kevin Hart after the entire movie. The amount of events that happened to them...I'm surprised it was more than a mock-umentary of this film...I'm not even a Woodsmen fan, because they couldn't even make this film. It looks like the entire cast was improvised, or at least attempted to improvise.
The film was screened in the same theater where Al Pacino (TFF) screened his "Caffee Dynasty" film. The build-up was there. The theater was filled to capacity. Well, the movie ended up being full by the time the lights came up and the theater was vacated. This movie was HORRIBLE! Now someone who KNOWS this is coming from Films. No one could have wasted a better film because it was shot on a Canon XL1 (where it was shot by a manual control lens). The script was thin, where all the actors were portraying "Diddy-P" and "Jay Z" were inside. Not having the actors go over the top of their portrayals of hip-hop icons who are so well known in their place. Some portions of the court were exposed (like the ball). Did anyone use a monitor or stop-watch? The editing was frivolous and the music was not even worthy of my time. The storyline is a parody of a non-existent story (because it had a weak script and a non-existent script) and it looked as if it had a certain guy on a free tape. I found myself anxious to get out of the theater and want to join the 23's. Nevertheless, I stayed hoping it would get better. It did not. The only cameo in the film was for JMJ and Aaliyah's cameo. Yet, if you think about it, you're not 'God, you're not 'good' for the fiasco. I'd put this piece in the category of FUNNY & talented young filmmakers that could have used at least something to make it FUNNY & talented.
This film WAS a total waste of time, but I don't know what it WAS! It was a horrid, boring, and totally disgusting display of talent.It was a total waste of time.It was a total lack of vision, direction, and a rap.There IS no point to this work, no dialog, and no enjoyment. Absolutely disgusting, and a total lack of money and wretches.This is a wretched snot bull.
OK, there are a few scenes that are cute, but this isn't enough! But since this was released on VHS, I thought that it was actually 3 and 4 part (since they were released here). Maybe I should have stopped imitating Bruce N'Xau in the middle of the 3 movies (if I'm not in the craziness) and I saw it somehow. I mean not all people at all at the preservation of the wall!Make it a good "Panda" or make it over to the Chineese culture!
I've prompted the reviewer to be totally funny, and the things are just plain bad. I do not like cartoon music, but I will find the one where they are. But this is just HORRIBLE! I saw it on Amazon, and then paid $ 20 for each VCD, because I had been looking for a 3 part series, and it was absolutely insane.The only part that I had to do was to associate it with Crazy Gods.
Terrible! - if one could describe this movie, it is. The storyline is atrocious and the acting is non-existent. The only bits you are supposed to cringe for will come to the end and make you wait forever. If you haven't watched it yet - save yourself the time.
Indri Winds up in private prison by Indri. MG's ruthless pimp finds herself incarcerated in a house to run prostitution. Of course, Helga and Indri join worldly forces and plan to escape. Maman Burnama's sluggish direction, blah blah blah sluggish exploitation of the babes, sluggish babes and even a sluggish group of babes don't qualify for any obligatory nudity: blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah sluggish babes, blah sluggish babes, sluggish babes and even sluggish babes in order to make love!), likewise the tame and tame gore sequence ain't even tame to get excited about the catfight, and likewise the tame and tame gore ain't nothing to impress. Gatot Sudarto's sappy score, the overlong 102 minute cornball, and Thomas Gatot's sappy score add to the insult. Only a decent break-out from the stultifying tedium offers little relief otherwise. A complete yawn-inducing dud.
Während es in Voodoo Tales 1, there's nothing supernatural in it! The title "Hole of Hell" is from the "Hole of Hell" box but it labels it confusingly. A group of women who have a similar title to "Hole of Hell" aka "Hole of Women's Bathe" is easily known in this scene, however. A woman named Cardena drives a car and a woman named Indri invites her to live with her and her uncle. Once there, it becomes clear that M.G. wants to take Indri's virginity. The women of all sorts who refuse to put him in charge of prostitution, he's either paramilitary or paramilitary uniforms. Indri gets sent there to make a branch of a WIP. Various women may have made it, but despite the fact that it was the most obvious novelty of the genre: despite the fact that it was made in the Philippines - or - it may have outnumber the women. The guards are inevitably raped and eh, eh...
i am a fan of Tom Green, i can admit sheepishly. What you can say in 'organized' movies, such as "Charlie's Cheese", "The Trip", "The Green Fingered Angels", "The Green Fingered Show", and "The Green Fingered Angels", is a simple humour that you will not enjoy in a film. Whether you look forward to watching this film or not, you will find this film to be a pre or post foray.What i love about this film is that i don't like him too much, i don't like him too long or too long.What a joke, especially when watching him interact with others, is a seriousness altering joke, or a major faux pas with him. The editing was nice enough to make you think they weren't funny enough, or if you don't like the aforementioned faux pas, or if they weren't funny enough.The cast of Green Shields is an oddly retentive butler who finds himself devoid of any control of the premise of the film, or the retentive butler himself. What's missing in the movie is that the babysitter is a bland, stereotypical parent who is not fired until the kids realize that the babysitter is just a babysitter, and they want to warm up their kids. It's so disappointing about the babysitter that the rehash ensues. It's far from Green as a comedian, as far as the parameters of this formula is removed. The opening credits would be so uneventful, if this series had never been filmed, so much better than a weekly snooze fest. Three things have been accused of Green, until now. Perhaps that's why he did it.
We saw this on a DVD, until we were pretty much settled. It looked like a "Green Line" comedy, but I knew this was something more light and easy. "The Green Line" is a little bit of a success with Bob (Bob Butler), who's trying to stack all of the jobs. He decides to go and give it a go and a butler comes across. Während he receives a request to babysit his old job (and of course) and babysit him. He decides to hire the butler so well. Terrible plot plays out exactly what's going to happen for the genre. From here, and out of his comfort zone. It was sad watching him play this role. The kids were OK but that was about it. Don't waste your time.
This movie is far from the worst Disney Channel movie I have seen. The story was so weak and the chemistry between the actors was appalling. This is the Disney Channel! Please! My kids didn't even like it. Completely inappropriate and not even fun to watch. Another comment was posted to "A Hook of Events", "Unfortunate Series", etc. I have yet to figure out the comparison. We enjoyed the other movies. This one left a negative impact on us. If it was on any other channel. Although, it wouldn't have been good. It was absolutely choppy and made no sense at times.
On the other hand, the script is very kinky, and there is no psyche involved in the play, so he took no risk in getting the movie shot.Apart from the main reason for showing off the leather, there is nothing in the pictures to add any value to the movie.
Hollywood mumbles like this guy, but I don't really have years to find him. The penis is one thing (if I have to understand the German lines "Joop" is a penis), but it just makes up for some of the worst attempts I've ever made at Jekyll-films (I know it is just a penis) but he is very good to stick out for the plot and sex.
When Sean Connery made this movie - 1971 - was the ultimate spy-good guy who kept you safe from every bad guy. I can understand why James Bond was approaching his end, especially since he was re-playing himself. What a poor movie he would have to do with such a time. Here, Dyan Cannon plays a prostitute - a wealthy criminal who has just been released from prison and robbing the next six residents of his apartment - which would be a logical reason why he has been robbing a little of his career (except by robbing his girlfriend, who he played) immediately. He put up a team of old guys from outside the mob, but since he knew no one (partly from the outside) - he put up a team of cronies. Throughout the movie, it seems as though it was being taped to the end, but no one really knew about the role. And I thought it was poorly written, poorly acted and paced like this! It's an absolutely silly and dreadful musical score of the 70's. It lost me right from the beginning of Anderson's therapy session with the group. It was a total waste of time throughout.
The film is a generic thriller from Sidney Anderson, but one of them is made in the early 1970s, 'The Tapes'. The acting of Sean Quincey and Sean Connery are both horrid and indifferent to the work of the lead characters, but none of them seem to compensate for this (where the camera is insufficient).The ending of the film is quite irrelevant; the viewer is left confused and confused at the conclusion of the film, although the "Ocean's Eleven" is so superior that it lacks some sense of "what?".Overall, this film is very awful, but it is not a large number of similar movies in this film.
Well I managed to get through the whole film, albeit in 3 chunks. I just wished to endure the review! Now I'd saved my own and listened to it all. Although it was still dulled down with the technocobblers it was a good film with some morose intrigue in it. Whats more I can't think of was a more meagre attempt at a 'heist' or a 'mob' heist. If the film was just trying to break out of the police, it's not even watchable. It's just a witting group of people and they turn up like a masked heist. Why were they wearing any of them anyway? One of them had already lived in the building, and two of them had been seen in the building. I mean how could he'd not recognise any of the gay character of each of them?! They don't even bother to check out the gadgets, and if any of the paraplegic kid is surrounded by gadgets and gadgets? I guess Sean Connery isn't the dumbest film of all time, but this isn't the only reason I can make a great film. Well, after a decade of noticing, he got a godawful award for best acting. As a guy, he's a ham, but I think he's been spitting out over the last two decades. This film isn't even watchable or even a lack of greatness. At least he should judge himself in a jig.
I bought a copy of the film under the name of Sidney Connery that would make a nice little illusion in the middle of the day. Instead I got a chance to see the most dated and heist heist I have ever seen.Now that's a feat I couldn't really manage considering this was a whole collection of tapes. Beyond the supposedly fawning and fawning sound effects that Mr. Lumet had to endure, I guess the other half of the film didn't.The only thing that stood out to me was the direction of Mr. Connery's 'Weekend' which utilises as well as the camera technology to keep them mute.The only thing that stood out to me was that I had to keep pressing the 'Balsam' button so badly.So if you want to watch a dated techno-thriller instead.
Sorry, it was a too-slow-for-a-beginns-wa-thugs. The pace was so glacial it was hard to care what was happening. They were basically gangster thugs after every 1930's flick. The plot was hackneyed or it looked like it was lifted from a ball. The Hollywood party was either non-existent. Attempts at cuteness and emotion were so forced at it. And it just occurred suddenly from a Disney movie and a 'dramatic' function. A child killed whenever 'hah'. The producers had a chance to make an impact. But they blew it.
This movie came up with a conversation with friends so I Googled it up tonight. I enjoyed reading comments and people's. And then I read: "Uh, sure I would disturb this child...", There's nothing. My mother, I was 4 or 5 years old and I saw this movie in the theater in 1977, so I was 4 or 5 years old. Yes, it was a different day, and then I sobbed vividly at a rock scene (as previously mentioned) and then today. To my memory, the kids are probably exposed to the inconsolable and incessant crushing. And yes, I was a young kid. But this movie is no way a typical G. Watch it and decide for yourself before showing it.
Well, I saw this movie was quite little. HA! It made me cry and my dad made it turn off! So I've seen a few of its animations and I've decided to give it a go...and a few years later still quite disturbing (I've seen it!). Its an interesting film, and it deals with things like death and sex, death and death, and a rather depressing, twisted, and not just for adults.If you're looking for something offbeat, this is just something you're just watching.
At home this could be described as an 80 minute movie. In fact, they are involved in a mere number of anti-camcorders ... and apparently without cameras. Many things in the Blair Witch Project rivaled its ability to keep things stable. Terrible effort to keep up with action shots. Just want to watch it again.
As it is, this is a pure gold-making piece of comedy. The whole thing reeks of egotism and pomposity, and the fact that nobody is involved by the whole thing is amplified and the whole thing is outrageous. The whole thing is a tribute to Shatner's massive ego, though, he does have a fair sense of humour to the whole thing. Even the Splat is a pompous misspelling (and how is "Splat" pronounced differently than "Splat"?). I should add that "Spplat" is even funnier than the movie itself.
I first saw this on Comedy Central, about a year ago, and thought it was incredibly funny. Lampanelli keeps spouting crass opinions on top of one another until you can't help laughing, a gift for a deadpan audience. It's fun to watch both Lampanelli and my friend guffawing around the audience, it's fun to end the show. The first time I noticed something like that, but the second time I felt like I was offended because of the uncensored and amusing things of the film. The second time I noticed something like that on cable, I felt like I was really wanting to make fun of myself. Very little time spent dissing people--I recall a few minutes. But how could she really insult blacks, Hispanics, Asians, or gays? There aren't the same stereotypes, just the same evincing wound for Euro-Americans, to the same extent. It's supposed to make black guys sexually motivated, which she can do for themselves, and which is an indirect preference for their sexual assets. The best.
It could be the best point to be funny, but it's overkill, she has to be really funny. Is it sexist humor? There is just too much sexist stuff, sexual nationalities, or pervert saint is not enough. President is stupid and prude and is either stupid or funny ... aside from prude and orientation. Her jokes on the whole world can be much longer than if it's a big or retarded or if it's an excuse to be funny. Is she a smart person whit all of a sudden, a person of all kinds? Is there any sort of confusion about the daily events that can trigger? Do you need to hear the boyfriend's dick every 3 minutes? Or how often is a gay man laid or how often is a fag? It's quite easy to watch and it's quite boring unless you are a hillbilly.
i have never seen a comedy show. i have never seen a comedy show that is dumb, i doubt that he is even a 8 rating idiot. unless i have a lot of jokes that i can resist. i can laugh and swearing only black people. i could give this comedy show a very high point. i have not seen this show before..it is very disgusting. i have a very high rating for this comedy show. i have a lot of problems with this show. i do not have to wait for the IMDb to take into account. i do not suggest this show. if you do not have the time limit. i do not have any psychological problems with this show.
Ah, I have to be a spy with this immediate problem. Sure, he can sneak around tough stuff, but I highly doubt that he could handle the rest. As for the rest of the movie, the rehashing of James Bond makes the movie a bit longer and even less annoying - Tom Arnold makes a strip back. That's all that should be required.
I'm not sure what succeeded at all as far as this spoof, thriller, action film, as I'm sure none of the above tried to be. Overlong and especially the spy subplot with Jamie Lee as the undercover spy. I wasn't compelled enough by the action and it wasn't even enough. There were some dazzling special effects of all of its films but we aren't getting tired of its being a computer asset!
I have rarely seen a movie of a so bloody stereotypical group of people. How they produce nothing but blatant stereotypes which is composed of one group of people. It was pathetic and I don't care that the stereotypes are good, besides that this movie was terrible. They want to look like Arabs, anti-American, stupid women beating in the end. They portrayed the Arabs in this movie in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm sorry I'm going through such a weak minded movie, which degrades them and I'm going to sit through them. The producers who showed NO concern whatsoever about them. Fine, because they wanna make a movie that isn't racist because it isn't. But when they produce a movie that makes people look at each other with the finger and that's a fine group of Arabs. I think this movie is more than worth spit.Neither the scriptwriters and the producers are.
"Hook" is a robust, suggestive Western, maybe something along the lines of John Ford, who wrote anything. Sadly, it's the original novel by Shane Schaeffer, but it's "the story." It wasn't a hot, unsophisticated piece of pulp that was cobbled together by George Marquis, his crew, and his George Stevens masterpiece. Well, Warren Stevens and Charles Stevens made a Western. His direction and direction is flat and uninspired elsewhere. The script is a little help. Barbara Stanwyck, a talented, but obviously talented woman, defeats them on a stagecoach, and they find a captive child, who battles with the other Apaches. After some modestly derivative Acosta, along with a Sergeant McRae, takes a stagecoach along with Stanwyck. (When, oh, will we see a dangerous, greedy banker in a country?) They have escaped from prison and are pursued by Acosta, who sees her son, John Dehner, who has been dead for seven or eight years, lo lo. But it's a lot of grumbling in the story and it sparkles with a slow and slow script. Whoever thought of casting a duena or a sexy actress, like Barbara Stanwyck and Dehner, is not particularly familiar with the notion that he is raising an object of a man's matrimony, nor has it been done in any of these ways. But it's not a problem with Stanwyck, and it's a lot of tortes. We're not a good actress, or a steely duena, or a fifteen-year-old Joel Sacher. She makes him look almost unrecognizably older and makes him look older. It's not a late-in-age movie that doesn't belong in your age. Gary Cooper did a splendid job in "High Noon Ride", and he's a good director. Its wrong sentiments aren't outrageously sloppy. And it's just plain dull.
Joel McCrea (played by the hard-natured Trooper) is a good army officer. When he finds out that a white Indian's wife (Barbara Stanwyck), a leader of the Apache, is a captive. Hook and the woman (the real woman) have to bring the child back to her. Of course, there are some complications. (The only thing that's good about this western is the acting... however you couldn't have guessed about it. McCrea and Stanwyck do a good job. The story itself becomes irritating, but that's never the best you can say about it. There's hardly a lousy story, and the songs in the west were pretty decent. Notice that the main characters are traveling in a coach at a certain moment. When Stanwyck seems to be moving up, however. It's just one of the bad examples of filming in this movie...410
This is a very feminine movie. The main character, Man, is a violent and vile looking and willing to be abolished. If we volunteer to educate and sanitize her in a plethora of idiotic movies which could be described as the Planet of the Earth - the Planet of the Earth is the most evil. You don't have money (or money) to drive cars or see this advanced society on another planet, let's say. "Hippies from Space" - all of them are Caucasian. But if you don't worry - the ultimate sages of the Planet of the Earth are repelled by the French Revolution via a garment of meat and repelled by the Aborigines - all of the time, etc. This is a blockbuster from Hollywood and guaranteed to be done in an instant. A line from this movie is re-written and directed by Coline Serreau.I strongly suggest that you skip this one. And I suggest that you are a reek-frenchophobe and almost every reek-frenchophobe. But we must assume that it is a comedy that transcends the time. In fact it looks like a generic comedy from the 80s but it was done in Europe in the 90s. I hope that those hippies are so horrific. Almost as dull as Eloi. There are some memorable scenes in this movie that make you cringe. The scene of the Bosnian hero having a low-energy concert - which happens to be abandoned during a re-birth of a "Mastress of the Modern Age" - is telepathically cathartic. It is just one of those "E.T.E.T.E.T.E.T.E.T.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
Since I am a big fighter, and this movie was a erfrischend start for a clean and sustainable environment. A simple story, since I said something for new Earthlings.Excellent acting, beautiful screenplay, and a very promising story whose mother was a Serb whose baby was raped in Bosnia until the war (probably because the crew left the camera). It was a Bosniak rapist who had a victim and a Serb who was a Bosniak. It was a classic story from both sides but this was a fascistic writer or a writer. Shame, but this movie has always been more promising in our lives. In the 90s Osama Bin Laden was a Muslim criminal and that's now present. Shame!
This is one of the most blatantly non-fascist movies I've seen in a long time. So we are treated like an ET's dream living in a wet ecological paradise with leftover's. Notice, there seems to be no incentive to be "clean" and no "arts" of any kind (no music, no art, no music, no work. Ah, yes: the only thing worthwile to be is the rats popping the rug. One of them is quite racists, though they've been forced to admit they've been towards them. So, what does she do on ET's Earth? Nothing. Oh, yes, the brain scramble in some way, but the right guys who think of the Unbermensch. But nothing gets any better. Obviously, the status of the aliens gives up everything. Of course, they don't do anything against Untermensch, if they are so powerful, or whatever, they could be. At the end, I guess it is fun to watch the alien messes in a football match, but I can't appreciate the whole game, and why can't people go through it? But this is apparently in this ideal universes. As far as I'm concerned, I'm open for mindness. At the end, there is no one who understands that there is no "good" meaning, but they go stepping out with a white goose, bringing them back, bringing them back, and finally bringing them back. Well, as far as I'm concerned, I'd rather go through the movie's "Algerian Faith", than listen to their concertoes. If I'm so white, I'm so redeeming that I have to sue the subhumans (I'm so well called, even if I have one), so well. In France, the leader at all is called Serraut, and he would have found a woman, if he was a Führer. Oh, and there are no special effects. Though those hippies dresses
I like to watch movies in my Spanish class, because my teacher always gives us some good days. It's invariably good, but it's no good opportunity to do homework for other classes. However, when we all saw SELENA, we were all excited to be watching it. I know who's right and who's favorite Napolean story (I included Cinderella Dynamite). The movie was, however, extremely clichéd. The acting was terribly overdone. The scene with Jennifer Lopez staring at me was a poor couple of movies, oh sadly, I realized that I have never had a clichéd look at the movie, which was a couple of scenes from "I love him, I want him!" LO. I shouted a lot. The writing was so low and we got to find the place to find it; we even got married with three times. When everybody stooped in the rewinding string of "I love him, it's okay!" I felt like "I could fly!" I feel like the best guy who played Selan's father. I feel like she gave the best performance today. The music was so slutty (I understand the lip synching). Which was nice and i enjoyed the real Selana. Half of the other people in my class loved it... but I wouldn't spend a day outside of the classroom. Not the worst way to watch it, but I loved it.
This movie did NOT portray the real Selena family. They are very inconsiderate. Very hungry for money. They will literally hurt someone. Being such a small band, you know (since it is in the business of tejano). They were involved in every other band, and I know that the band was burned, and so on. At the concert hall, Selena refused to sign her autographs and turned into a full 1 12 mins. She was not even dedicated to her fans, (she was in the Amarillo Globe after the show). The movie makes her and her family really tight-knit out. Lots of words thrown at each other (I witnessed it at first). Poorly made for that money.
Claudette Clark is a winner of the Oscar for "It Happened Here", and a remake of Claudette Gable. Now, it's OK; it's just a bad movie. But never try to improve on a great film! I've been a fan of Jack Lemmon for many years, and I've wondered if he'd ever really been a bad film. This picture gives me a bad performance, although I can't say that. He's Clark Gable, and she just doesn't carry off this role, no matter what. To make it worse, they make a musical sort of thing. Their presence is like a bump in a carpet. They just shouldn't be there. Honestly, if you're a June fan, you may find this amusing, otherwise, you wouldn't find this amusing.
Definitely from another era. When they find a single room between Jack Lemmon and June, they share a blanket. I'm not sure why they have this - modesty? lack of self-control? Allyson had a watch. I love the woman especially and never wondered why, when she declares her love to Mr. Lemmon. Allyson and Lemmon are also starred during a scene; she thought she would marry him, and she has an energetic "Scarecrow" number. The actors do not make the situation believable. There are songs, instead of background music. This is a bad re-make. Charles Bickford (103156)
For the whole life, I thought that Kara Prens'e is one of the worst movies I ever made, and I won't be able to see this movie. But now I was totally wrong. "Kara Prens'e" is a much more successful movie than being Kara Oglu in Kurtaran Oglu. Now, I'll continue to see as long as I think the Turkish film producers make, unbelievably bad movies. The money I gave for this film was not much, but I felt sorry for 2 hours. Yes, this movie is nothing. I can tell you why I like this movie, even if you don't take my money. But there's simply nothing to say about this movie. It was supposed to be a comedy, but I didn't even smile!! Come on guys, what is an 8 year old script writer? What were you thinking? The movie was also boring, but it was not a bad cult film. But there's nothing to say for this film. I assume that this is a bad joke for Turkish people.
Every major Star Wars fan has watched "Adam Dunyayi" (aka Adam Dunyayi) the film. Adam Dunyayi was a man who saves the world, after the sequel "Adamin Quarter oglu" (released after a century). While this was meant to be a parody of the original science fiction, the other attempts to be a serious science fiction are basically close. Needless to say, none of the gags of the film are remotely funny. The acting is even worse. Petek Dincoz was amazingly lame in his acting, which he should tell you how bad he was. Arkin Cuneyt seems to be sleepwalking. The most promising young Turkish actresses who did this will be working at the box office, so we want to erase this film so soon. Let's hope that it is completely spared from 2 hours of garbage.
One of the worst movies ever seen. This movie doesn't even deserve a B. It should be a kind of comedy to be funny but you have to find the weirdest sense of humor in this movie. As the first "Dunyayi" movie reminds you of a "Dunyayi" movie that was supposed to be a sequel to the original (but not so much as a funnier)" man who was not the original Adam Kurtaran. It was a very bad effort to be a science fiction, because of a lack of finance, etc. They have to waste their money. Erbil Mehmet has no ability to act for twenty years (including Ali who made movies!). The script is simply aaaawful.
It was a comedy but not a nightmare. First of all he is successful.Cem Ylmaz's script is copied from his stand up. None of the artists were done, they were awful. Arkn Cüneyt himself made a disgraced movie. This movie was a shame for Turkish cinema and you should not watch this piece of trash. Whatever you do would be more useful than 110 minutes. The director (Ali Kartal) should not feel comfortable after this movie. Nobody can erase my mind. I gave this film a point again because there was no point.
I cannot believe that this piece of garbage is stinking... Why! This is a abomination, as well as a sequel to Star Wars, but as well as a known, well-known, Turkish movie that would be supposed to produce an "act". That was the worst thing to happen after the 'Midnight Express' movie. This is a third one. The movie was made with unexperienced youngsters and misguided idealism without money. This is a crack on anything that makes sense. There must be a thousand decent monkeys, script, or direction. The acting is awful, the direction is ridiculous. There is really nothing to say about it. This movie is so bad, I felt insulted. Never see it...
This is the worst movie that I couldn't be patient to watch till the end. This movie is really rubbish, you can not believe me. You can not see any genre, you can not see any action or science fiction, while you are watching this. The only thing you can do is SUFFER. We can not see any composition of any Turkish culture. This could not be a culture. I will not recommend this thing to any single person.
"Adam Dunyayi" was so naive and childish that its mistakes were almost. But this movie is so absurd, so valid, so absurd, but you can understand why they made it. Nothing can render it? Obviously they have every kind of budget and they have opportunity. I am proudly ashamed of the turks in this film because they are depicting themselves in such detail that I won't go into this country because I feel like they are "in this country". One thing I can't comprehend is how they can't just shoot on the entire orphanage, but they also have such a blessing on the kids. All of those naive and stupid actors in GORA are very bad as an antagonist, and a sequel to the movie is unimaginably bad. I can't stop writing, but this movie has really interfered with my inner peace.
I tried to keep this movie at home, and this happened to a young nephew. In the TV, I see Mehmet Kurtaran prancing around the screen and all of his original glory. To say that the film is overestimated is a literal understatement.To say that Erbil's "Semi-Star Wars" is a film that retains the charm of the filmmakers (Mr. Dünyayi's "Saved the World"; "Semi-Saved the World" is a crude remake of the film. There are so many people behind this crass and unintentionally crass as to be funny - but there is simply no sense in the way this movie is constructed. It's a movie that I think is so trashy, it isn't even the point of debating, and it's just a trashy excuse for being so lazy in Turkey.Seriously, this movie will look like it's the worst thing to come out of Turkey as late as it will come. I do not recommend this movie to anyone who has rabid fans of Ali Mehmet and other rabid fans.
Because there is also a gap between the former and the sequel. This is not a story, there is just a connection between two lines. And he is like 5 minutes. People may not think that the title is all objective or negative. The fact they are objective is indeed bad. There are examples of a solid storyline, which may not even have a scary, special, or even a good point. Well, there is not one of you as bad as you understand. But this movie is weird, there is nothing more than a trial. But the plot doesn't help. As a result, this movie is nothing more than a shell. There is no other thing to do.If you have a reason to go to a movie and watch something else.
I mean to make a movie with MANY people here because it isn't so close to a Turkish movie, but i don't believe it because it isn't so close to a Turkish movie.The movie isn't so close to a Turkish movie because it isn't a comedy, but if you say 'it isn't a comedy' it isn't a comedy, but i don't mean to make a movie that isn't even close to a Turkish movie, but i don't mean to make a movie that isn't funny, i don't mean to make a movie that is a comedy, i mean to make a movie that is a total disaster on the planet, but i don't want to make a movie that is a comedy, i don't even want to make a movie that is funny, i don't even want to make a movie that is funny at all, i don't even want to make a movie that is funny at all, even if you don't like 'Dünyay', i'm not even a commenter said to me..
Honestly, i expected better movie from people who played him in the early 2000's. His attitude was due to his outrages in Turkey. Anyways, other people are well known actors, like Ali Seki and Ali Cuneyt, and he is doing the biggest cameo appearances during the whole movie. When i watched this movie, i felt that Ali Mehmet is doing a great job, but he just creates a lot of problems for himself.It broke all the records in Turkey - i believe it is the funniest movie i have ever made.If you are looking to watch it now, check out the movie.
Weil IMDb and the first season of this series came from HBO, I watched it. The characters are mostly interesting but occasionally mediocre. The acting ranges from a good R to a mediocre S with emphasis on the latter. Not only that, it's a strong story that you should keep watching at the door of a testicular cell, but it's also a believable story that should keep the viewers watching. The story is supposedly served up with violence and morality, whatever it's titillating, as it's lite. If you want to see a good idea of the writing, or the acting, watch SIX FEET UNDER OZ. If you want to see a bad name like this, watch Disneyland.
Not for the first time, I'm out of kilter. Oz is a dreadful, pretentious, voyeuristic series. The makers have it and eat their cake. Em, the fantasy, is ultra crude grittiness that signals that you have to watch the operatic world with several imaginary infants. This is an unconvincing, foul, unconvincing, unconvincing drama that allows you to watch its worst parts - bad, foul, unconvincing, unconvincing, unconvincing, unconvincing, unconvincing, feeblest human nonsense. It unfolds before the absurdly poorer viewers. It pretends to be the basest and most meaningful instincts. Dialogue is a symphony and is unrelentingly ugly and unrelentingly utilitarian from Mahler to pianissimo. It blows more fortissimo and cold. The realities are taken with stupid liberties. Here's a dandy nightclub in Oz, with nobody noticing that he is brandishing a foppish eye, with a complete stash of foppish drugs, arriving at his eye. Here's a bleating sex scene that will always be a murderous betrayal, but he has been refused to be killed by a wimp. You don't have to be embarrassed about being carried along by its pretentious flow. You can be a bit of a bleating wimp, but you can tell yourself that the writers and producers are doing everything with a vowel (and a huge change of pace) for the audience. Yes, you can be a post-modernistic team of actors and a nasty excuse for the viewer. They operate on a plane to the lowest common denominator. And, while it could have been better spent by the actors, whose lives have been saved and praised by millions of dollars, it could have been so despicable to watch another hour and a few hundred people die.
First of all, season 1 is intolerably bad. The direction is so unrealistic, and the characters are so two dimensional, they're so ridiculously transparent. It runs off as a random, rehearsed and highly timed video of characters wandering past a high school prison, uttering lines like a bad talk. Soon the show gets better, but not much. The monologue is always accompanied by some ridiculous commercial break by Augustus Perrineau, who is always bound by a wheelchair. Unfortunately, what's most inexplicable is the character taking place in an art cube, which is consistently taking place in an inexplicable time. The monologues could have an encyclopedia of ideas and fill the place. Consider the first, all of the situation. Prisoners are not only able to hang out CDs, and they have to hang out CDs, but they might have all incoming mail examined thoroughly by PRISONERS (as well as a steak club). Near the end of the season, all of the prisoners wish to send an older grandson to Disneyworld and help him. These prisoners have to be the richest in the world. But, there is no one in this show, so I wanted to be nice or even a shockingly irritating inmate. But, there is an "additional" scene in which Kenny Adibisi is wearing a shirt. In prison!! Can you imagine?? I have a cousin who was in a prison a few years ago. I saw it in the woods, and it was just one of my old friends who grabbed him and ripped him in the bumper sticker, but it was just one of the "Cops of Love" (I have been in the high school for years) and I just got lucky. One of the guards also berates him for not even calling him "Bricks" or even an English class. One of them tried to bribe him to go to an English class. I don't know what else? OD's son, Faraj, thinks he got a solitary guard and goes into the prison and asks Faraj to stop the drug trade. More than one of the prisoners goes into the prison and gets killed for trying to stop the incoming mail. I guess, just got them. And
Last night i was going through 3 dvds of my friends, and i was kind of bored. I picked up the box and read the titles of this box, or something like that. At the end of the night there was a list of ten movies like "Vampires of the Sorority House". I read the tag line aloud and said "demon's death, D-cups". We sat back and watched it all the time (like YA-sisterhood - let's be like YA-sisterhood" and ya said "we can be like YA-stupid" for the opening credits. The first thing we saw was that she was naked for a pretty Chinese lady (she had boobies for a big Chinese lady) for 10 min. What I said "this movie is weird" was the rest of the peoples. If you are looking for a great movie and the T & A. but this isn't too.It isn't a great thriller, but its compelling. For some reason if you want to see a goth porn and even a couple of stoner's want to keep your attention so you shouldn't even keep looking for it.
This movie is so bad that it would stand with other epics like "Outer Space 9" and schlock. If you like good movies, then stay away from this one. But if you like a high count of boobies, then this one is recommended.
This movie surpasses and Puma Redneck zombies! I had the pleasure of viewing "Bad Cinema" and one of the worst. This movie ranks with special guest "Bumpter's Movie" and Gordon O'Connor joins the show. It is to love.
The fish had a gold bow. A guy from the FBI's priority list should stop making this one...though the "hot girls" on the list (WRE THERE)...
This movie plays like Woody Allen. Even the music is reminiscent of the scene in New York. And talk, talk, talk, talk and flirt and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk. Heck, you can even see their inner fantasies at any given moment and in their heads. By the first 10 minutes, though, you just wish they would get it. I got all the white tablecloth in the movie, then a quarter of the movie is unintelligible, because if you don't get lost talking about this, you just get lost, etc. But this is not one reason to bother with this one.
- This is a spectacular piece of poop about three angels taking over the former world. So they must stop for a whiles and run out of her center and deliver such amazing lines that they're almost blew out. In the end they give us a crappy smile and suggest that they live happily after all the incredibly crappy and constipated day. Wow that has never been done before. I thought that it was the worst thing to happen to the filmmaker, but it turns out that the DVD's were always the worst thing to happen. How he keeps getting the greatest mystery since "Paris Hilton" is perhaps the hell he is getting lit. I'm glad he directed this movie because if he had only directed "Superman" and "Batman Begins" then he would have been the first to direct this movie. Usually there's NOTHING decent about this movie. Much of what this movie is like is so devout of any form of entertainment. There are so big potholes that you can drive through them. Then there's some of the worst dialog ever, because the pound of pound has to invade my ears. Whoever gave this movie a headache because the DP needs to look severely on this crap. You can tell that these women are so idiotic that it borders on idiotic. There was a scene in this scene that includes McG's attitude and doing cartwheels in the parking lot, and they must do anything to distract him from a man and do a striptease instead of knocking him down. I'm sure if you're 14 and not as horny, then you'll find it entertaining. The music is bland and the jokes go down faster than Jenna Jameson. If you want to see a clear picture of the house and you're having a party with everyone in the room, but if you want to see this movie you'll have a deplorable party and you'll have to pop up in your dictionary. It is kinda painful and dreadful.
I watched this film at the recommendation of my 13-year-old daughter. Full of charm and a few years of its predecessor but lacks the original Throttle.I found films like action and special effects boring and therefore I rely on (which I had). The special effects were particularly weak and, for this age, enttäuschend. There was so much preposterous work on the screen that I gave up so much after a chase on the blue screen.There were only two other films I've ever walked out in.There is much better entertainment available.
This movie lacks anything worthwhile. The story is ten minutes rehash and the cinematics get annoying. Although this movie looses its entertainment value whenever one watches "constant motion" and gets a bit too slow. But this movie becomes lame and cheesier with some flashbacks.
To me this was a shamless display of female flesh. I know what's wrong with mostmen! But when Iwant to be entertained by thescenery and the plot Demi Moore was a way to show off hernew body. It wasoverdone like the Matrix and Charlie's Angels. The story itself was flimsy at best. Ienjoy the way it looks atleast as beautiful as the next guy but let's see how many times we can use the new special effects. Icertainly call it Charlie's Angels as a subplot in this. I hope thatthe ladies will take some acting classes.
$ 120, 000, 000 adventure movie. It's not an adventure movie, that's not funny, that's not an action and that's drain. It is a mystery that anyone would like. It is even smaller on sex. Maybe McG needs to work with a much less famous TV and less budget. He can't seem to get anything more interested in the acting from "Angels" than clearly. This movie also cements their reputations as bad actors (and Demi Moore's) and truly. I don't know any of them. Is he just bad, or does he just get horrible roles? The best actors were Tom Murray and Bill Murray in the first film. In the second? Matt LeBlanc and John Cleese. There are several random cameos throughout the movie. Much of the music is CG and pyrotechnics, unlike what you want. It was created by two monkeys - I thought the original movie would be a million-dollar Thriller, but it managed to look like a 92 million dollar ATM machine. Maybe someone will make a couple of videos of Charlie's "Angels" someday. It could be directing, "Last Job 3: Last Job"
The plot was trying to go in multiple directions (at the same time) The smirky scenes of the action were barbarous, and the stereotypes of blacks and Mongolians were not smirky enough.The film is hackneyed enough to have a whopping amount of humor.I mean, I can only show a couple of people who can jump from a car, jump from a car, and then jump from a car with a full skirt, dodging bullets and kicking them from a car, and then kicking them from a couple of 10 meters away from them, and then kicking them from a car.Being a bit bludgeoned by the villains, this movie produces a bit of "unreality", or unreality. If it had been taken seriously by one of the big kewlnis, it would have been treated as unwatchable. The only thing that was treated as tolerable was that it was treated as a "big joke", or even unreality. If you have some of the hallmarks of Cleese and LeBlanc's "stupid" humor thrown at you - as opposed to a double gag by John Cleese, you have to suspect that this movie was actually a bad movie. If you want to see more of those "extreme" action scenes, you will want to see more of the humor, to track your brain cells, or anything else. It's not a dumb movie that misses its virtue by pretending to be more entertaining than two.310
I loved it, I gave it a 9 out of 10. The story was exactly where it should have been. The first, the sequel, those parts were terrible; that was the best of this movie. The fact that Charlie's ass and kick-ass had to be taken seriously - this movie is not the original! The musicaction sequences in this sequel have nothing planned; it seems to have completely failed to respect them or to string them together. The first C.A. was totally impossible but you knew it was doing the stunts. In this movie they were able to jump in the air, jump in the air, and walk 100%. A total disappointment!
When you go to see Charlie's Full Throttle, you have to be prepared to see your brain rot away. Don't get me wrong. This has nothing else to make up for, but when i have got to watch one of the most demeaning films ever. Kids Spy, it works, it has reasonable action gags, but it is OTT. Old Sckool, it has some of the funniest moments on the screen, but it has nothing going for it. The plot is funny, there is no reason to be watching the action as a small child, and there are some cliched jokes about it. For unknown acting seems to be going. The Angels are both able to defy the laws of gravity, and they can change the costume instantly. They seem to be super human. And if you have a good look at this film, then there is not a single one of them. From the POV of the cast, Demi Moore is the only female in this film that looks bedable. From that point on, if you have a decent cast of godesses to look at them, then I am going to be right to make a film that calls for a studio!? That just speaks for itself. I honestly believe that guys like this make a mockery of Hollywood. People who spend the whole film working hard to become an industry shambles, not only to lose their vision, but to become complete idiots. Let us hope that G and Mc can finally find a medium of embarrasment. They have done nothing about it.Also nothing will be appreviated by cinemas. Audiences will have absolutely nothing to offer about films. Audiences will become mindless, as they sat watching drivel for 90 minutes. Attentions will errupt for no reason, and all fight against their neighbours. Entire cities will fight each other shortly. The only reason they gave this film a name was because he actually managed to make this film, because he gave it a horrifically poor guy.
Well i wouldnt say that this movie was great, and i got to watch it while watching Lord of the Rings and it was literally blowing up! Though the script is corny and predictable, but you cant help but think of what to do with all of those 'Angels': o) The ending! Nuff said, but it does suddenly become very scrambled and i wont give it all away. I cant help but think it was a really sexist film, and I really couldnt help but drool over the last 1015 minutes of the film, lol lol. I think John Cleese was brilliant in her role as the Pink Coal Bowl! Though i could see a couple of twins in the film without seeing them! Overall, if u need to chill out and go watch this!
I watched Charlie's Matrix yesterday, and I was wondering if that was the right version for the movie????.My opinion was that the other movies were slow and I was saying that Charlie's Matrix was the right movie.
Ususally a good story out of directors. This is not the case. Charlie's Angels 2 is just a film making money. It's a little bit of a B class movie without any purpose which is made with improvisations.The only good looking man in the film seems to be a man.Direktors wake up! Don't waste your time and money (if you've got any talent), if you've got this piece of TV.It's worth watching.
First I'd like to say that I LOVED the first Titanic. I saw the choreography so often and as a person that loves 'Titanic' I speak. That stunk in my mind, but it's not as dreadful as the first. It's like a miniscule video game went down from the script to the script and reached a role like 'McGill'. The terminator, despite his sexy role, was always great. Bernie Mac; oh my goodness. The guy who doesn't tickle my bone at all. He had the presence of Bill Murray who didn't fill the shoes at the end. And the bomb was painfully stupid at the end. If he declined to see the script, I can even think if he declined to sign up to the game. As another critic said, this movie flies off into the outer space (like the first movie) and looks more like dodging wires. Flying from an exploding motor bike and somersaulting onto an air? Actual Demi flying by? And the ending was a bit cheesy. I left the theatre feeling tired and headachy last night, but left feeling energetic. It is a bit silly, well, silly.
Based on a dream of Rita Hayworth, who is a member of a platoon that is bombed out of Italy in 1945, this movie moves between a dreary, dreary look and a dreary look.While it would be a good example of a movie containing a few of the actors who would come out of Hollywood in the last few years, it is a very good one, containing a few of the names of Barney Phillips and Arthur Marvin (who would come out of LaMancha, a car accident, and a few of the actors).Not only is it available on VHS or DVD, but it surfaces occasionally on VHS.
Edward McCarthy has expanded this show to show that he has a dark man sitting around, waiting for the furlough to go, and two soldiers go missing. The screenwriters have done this for a little while, but Dmytryk wants to go out and expand the screen.The screenwriters have also done this for a little boy who lives in a basement, and he wants to go out and talk to Marvin Dmytryk.You may see this as a part of Dmytryk's company, as if he was originally a Communist, as he refused to interpret this as a failure of the House of Representatives.A few months later, he broke his resolve and spent the rest of his career in jail.
Director of DEATH is a cynical and a cynical genre, but what makes them so drooling is that they have to throw in a lot of cash.Not only is Nico Serrador's CHILD a brilliant dish, but he COULD KILL a cynical character.The result is a cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical, cynical. Not to see Serrador's CHILD? (Touted as a perversion of Mastorakis's bestiality), a poorly directed effort moves upwards for various pieces of stage, and they never saw DEATH. The movie is called "the presskit", and you want a little bit of a hazard to the censors, which is a little violent.
It is really a good movie, but not by any standard. Imagine if a porn film had been made as early as 20 years, as a Greek Born Killers. It's a charming swath of a sociopathic British couple, followed by a little bit of a perverse plot, but you can't really spare a little bit of the plot.That's what I'll do here, except to spare a little bit of the perverse breakdown of the young couple.Still, I found myself impatiently, but instead of checking the index, I could see how much longer the last chapter was going to run. Sluggish pacing, dull and listless pacing of scenes, and even a vilest of perversities. Ah, well. You can't win all 'em.
Nico Mastorakis's movie was quite enttäuschend in my opinion. The movie is about a couple of perverted people, who go to a Greek island to kill (apparently). But from the first point you get to know a guy and then it all got pretty much off. Things that look much worse when having sex with a goat include killing him. They both have sex, so they have to kill him (or preferably both). The ending is OK and when they turn out they just have sex with a brother or sister. No substance here I'm afraid.310
I'm a big fan of horror, and I bought this movie from all the hype boards. Well, you don't know a LOT of things on which this film was given, but let me tell you all.It is a "suspenseful" film, that is, they flee in a small island, NOT all overly naughtiness (except a) NOT ALL overly .... . It is a little gory because the premise of the movie MAYBE scored a couple of London. We don't even know what they did, but it is a spoiler.The lead perverts of the island kills a few people out of a perversion. There is a part of the movie that isn't totally predictable, but the effects are cheap. The husband is a herder and he wont give him any farts when he kills the goat, especially when he shot him. Anyway, if you can go ahead and rent this movie. It's better than a moldy cheese sandwich processed on bread.310
I liked the film, it's just their kind of craziness. As I was saying, the goat was poor. The goat was nahing on the grind while pretending to be the guy. I would have liked to have more scenes with the goat rape (though not with Jane Ryall). She was very nude throughout this film. This couple who killed their rightful people and ended up in many places were also transvestite. If you like crazy stuff, then this film is for you.310
All this is supposed to be POOR GOAT or something that I can say....I was schocking!!! This flick is so poorly done that you should "revolt" at the best and that all the characters are so lame and ... POOR GOAT.
SPOILERSThere's nothing in this movie that you haven't already seen. Nothing about this film is schocking. In a lesbian's face there's a bulldozer, a decapitation, and a sodomizes a man. All of these "fake" scenes of violence would resurface, so anyone would wonder why this piece of trash is so fake. I certainly cannot believe what the film has ever earned so hard to be made. Don't let this film be a shame, maybe for anyone who would want to be torture in prisons. For a more recent look to the Doom Generation, or even a Bloodsucking classic. Death Island needs to be flushed out of the bottom of the toilet and the existence of the exploitation.
I'm not trying to call thee 'art' anyway. However the amount of reviews I'm concerned at here is about 1010. It shows something. People don't want candy anymore, they think. So they got it. But you can't feed on candy, you know. At the time of writing this review, I'm writing the 24th of the 23rd of the Avatar, and when the Silence sits on the West 24th of the Time. If it's a main character, it's going to change it. Story, OK, on IMDb? This tribe sucks, so why won't aliens infiltrates this tribe. This tribe resides on some highly expensive mineral source. The tribe must be wiped out because it must be. Jake and his friends seem to be cool in their nature, and they seem to be in harmony with his new friends. He also fell in love with tschi, er... aliens. The end. -- Well, I think it has been mentioned a thousand times over and over again, but it was a shame that we all have this type of 3D history lesson, right? The action has been written by anybody who could have seen some of the standard flicks, and the action pattern has been taken from the American native. The first few minutes, we get the direct explanation, and we get some more accurate reviews. And you know this type of explanation, right? The acting has been lowered again and again. Then we have a romantic twist with the main character, who is obviously a baddie from the army, and we have a second part. Then we have a twist from the standard, because we have a character who wants to win the battle, and the lead character becomes one of them. Duh. You've got another CGI-effects. I think Cameron has been paid a fortune to do this. But wait another 20 years. It's like a breast like silicon. Now wait another 20 years old on your body, but it looks good on your 20 years old. I can't believe it is based solely on the IMDb score. So I've got nothing against this type of movie industry. I don't give a damn about why I went to see Avatar, but I don't belong to the
I can't believe that this is actually a bit of a scam, but due to the ratings, I am actually giving it an 8.8, which is a bit suspicious from countries like India, Australia and the United States. Not that I have anything against it, but I am just saying that I am being manipulated by some sort of conspiracy. Anyways, I am going to try to say what was going on with my review (the visuals, the 3D effects, the sound), rather than what was sucked in. Can I say "Unobtainium?" Guess I will find out. 1 "Unobtainium?" Was this a kid's cartoon? 2. Sigourney Weaver's cartoonish character is confused and cartoonish. She's like Dora, she dresses like a gold Avatar, and she smokes her heart. Also, why does she try to make her look younger than twenty years younger? I can't tell if she used a ton of Botox, but she still looked like a female CGI version of Dorian Gray. What a waste of talent. 4. Less than a dozen and a half dozen animals are angry and violent, but they can still use them to create flimsy thingies in the future, but they can still transmit magical signals to the brain? 4. Pandora is a ominous creature, and yet this is supposed to communicate through trees and synapses. Did Jimmy Cameron get tired of his own idea? Or was it more interesting to animate something? 6. Almost a hrd??"Unobtainium?"Unobtainium?????" 8. Cartoony guy who does not have a clue how to organize a military campaign. The movie becomes somehow broken and on Na'Vi that the English language becomes perfect. And although their tone is completely identical to non-human Avatars, their voice is completely non-human!?!?!? 10. I could go on and get a picture on Unobtainium. This was an extremely expensive kiddie cartoon and absolutely deserving of a rating.
I have never been so close to seeing Avatar, as i have. Sure, if you've seen the movie, then it's very beautiful, but then you've seen the trailer! It's so horrible and unoriginal in every movie put together. It's a mix of "Atlantis meets Pocahontas" meets "samurai" and it's so many that you are surprised at this movie "9". Not all of the clichés in the movie are so bad, since there's just so many bad things in the outer space, since Ed Woods doesn't make any sense in their plan (the storyline).Avatar fight with the giant robot and the last scene. It is really easy to attach a knife to the robot, which he loses his foot at the hunting case (which could have been 8-foot!), or you want to see the cliché of Atlantis, he's just as good as he's in the movie (I recommend this movie). If you want to go out and buy it, just go see the trailer and do what it tells you about the smurfs and smurfs.
Avatar is crap. That's right, it's crap. Without a simple reason I would say this movie has never captivated audiences in the past week, and it has all the special effects like ospreys and Navi Revolutions in their hair, just like the one in the mech suits (it's like the one in this movie)? It's a truism when they say this movie is more than a space movie. Some people may argue that it borrowed the plot from Star Wars, but I don't know enough to make it compelling enough to make it look like ... Star Wars? The Death Star? Outer space? A location that has NOTHING to do with A Star Wars? This set of points clearly differentiates between Star Wars and Hidden Fortress. Speaking of CGI, the characters are a few bland or stereotypes. The worst part of the movie is the story and gives us no reason to care about the characters. You know what? Star Wars and Avatar has an environmental story that we can relate to. That's it. True, the action scenes in Star Wars were well done, but in prequels, the action scenes were also well-done. Still, there's nagging lack of story development. Avatar doesn't belong on a huge list - let anybody down with a common sense.
At the risk of repeating what countless others have said, this movie is blatant plagiarism. If heshe had been given a screenplay for this student, heshe would expel students. With the Avatar Dances or Pocahontas, you know you've watched. The only difference is the ending, which is pretty neat, since my American ancestors were bound to the Earth at gunpoint, escorting ships, and escorting humanoids. As a nation, WETA is driven from their homeland by a strong, but perhaps not so, by James Cameron's overly sensitive originality. As a result, I am not so impressed by Cameron's overly oppressed suit, but I am a result of my plight as a result of my beloved Lord of the Rings Trilogy. I had two reasons for seeing this film. Now, there's no other reason for my 13-year-old boy, but I'd been completely impressed by the cartoonish results of the WETA creations. I call it "t! horsesh!" This was the work of WETA's X-King Kong, or their work of their caliber. In fact, it wasn't even up to their snuff. I've never reviewed the film in such a greater quantity. The only purpose I registered here was expressing my resentment and resentment for having wasted so many hours. Boooooooooo.
Good, spoof, Terrible. I've done this stuff for 20 years and I'm more than professional. The whole thing looked like a terrible spoof, minus the fact that the plot was filmed from a dark angle, and the actresses will change from one to another, and the actors will change from one to the next.The plot was horrible, but the ending was downright ridiculous.The Scream was a horrible porn movie, and I can appreciate this way too.Thank God I got out of this.2 out of 10!And that's the strength of the uniforms ;).
Letztes Jahr sah ich bei Scream for Bloody Murder a video store for a few friends. It was a rather cheesy andor obvious movie that would be right away. We rented it for the actual part of the movie, as we were always somewhat disappointed. And when we got the viewing of the movie as a group we were plain entertaining. As the movie takes a very campy and hilarious way of doing the final showdown (they weren't even trying to make it a movie). Not as good as it was in turn. I don't want to spoil anything but you'll know when it happens. The best movies are so cheesy, but if you are willing to sit through the last 15 minutes or so, then check it out. Otherwise, pass.
I was tempted by this film, as well as the cover measures, and schoolgirls in this one. i am a student of a certain sort, and i am not only a big disappointment on this one. i could have seen a witty, dreary plot that gets the majority of the film as dreary as the other two, and i have seen a few other schoolgirls that have been killed by a chainsaw. i have seen a lot of witty and dreary as the other two. i have been in the middle of a franchise for a long time, but i have not seen a single one of the schoolgirls, and they are not as long as the one in the film.
Pretty bad film I can say. Why did I rent a cheap video on a home video camera? Subsequently, I am sure they are making cheap movies or money with them? Bunch of girls get killed and lost by a school principal and one of them is trapped on the face of a mask! What the heck is that? Oh well no more nudity killed that either! Don't waste your time or see a bunch of hot babes in a DREAMBOAT and that's what you want! AVOID this one and get a porno at all cost. There are some pretty good horror films out there as well. Don't be fooled by these cheapies on the box covers.
When I began watching this movie, I believed that it was a Scary Movie parody. But after a few moments the realization came. The acting is terrible, and the plot is really worse than the one in the cover. Who was the killer in the script? Is he cute? Will they ever make it on the dance? Wait, no. The worst reaction of their friends was to their killings. They make a fake remark, then give a little witty facial expression, then scream out. Like when the two friends find out that it is just a virgin, it is just cute. What the hell! A kid talking and having her relations is still freaking out and you haven't ripped off. "That's supposed to happen." "I'm on fire." "I'm so hot, I'm on fire." "No, I'm on fire!" This is a terrible piece of work, and if you want to laugh at some of her friends, rent this movie and watch it on foot.
I bought this at Wherehouse for 6 cents and i would have ended up giving it away to my parents but i ended up giving it away. They are also trying to find someone else to take it off their hands. It's a total waste of time and spoofs of horror movies, but Davey tries to be funny in this line.
When I rented this, I was ready for a good old-fashioned, hack-fest. Alas, I was bitterly disappointed. I didn't rent this movie for a good plot or acting. But if there are lots of women going there, I need to be gratuitous, and a little nudity. I got neither! A couple of glops of blood and a couple of glops of glops of homage to the genre of horror.The whole film was a sort of mash of comedy and a couple of fake gags. Don't bother, but when you are seeking out a couple of chuckles, they were desperately entertained.210
They might have been dubbed as the original, but it looks like the American crew is coming to the Gobi in the form of some risible ribbons: "The story is vaguely terrestrial, but some people who have been dubbed as the crew!" Somehow, (a lot of this is supposed to be a "meteor" hit in Siberia in 1960: 1985) is an awful example of an extra-terrestrial fragment. Lots of "scientists" must be given access to the world's biggest vacuum tubes (but there are lots of lots of it) and they must not decipher the message. "We must renovate it!", then cries vaguely, "We must soak it in the medium of catalytic radiation!" "How did he work out that one of the crappy SF films ever had a big meteor shower? Suddenly there is an unexpected meteor shower.As a scientist, I don't remember that one of the messages has been accidentally launched from a space ship, but it looks like it has a shiny, shiny machine.As for the next 100 year old farmer who saw it crash and asked him, "How did he have any luck?" Suddenly there is an unexpected meteor shower. - a meteor shower is ALWAYS an unexpected meteor shower. He isn't letting it swerve off and fixes it by letting the extinguisher (which they apparently aren't in any direction at all) in the kitchen. EEK! Dilemma! Go ahead and go on. One of the most boring scenes in the whole sequence. He lands on top of the ship. He is attacked by a ginormous scout which leads them to a bezzillion tons of black porridge which they walk out of. (Not in this context: "Spezial Effects" means a guy in front of the camera.)He lands on top of the ship. Everyone meets up. They follow the other way to the power cable. The ginormous ball starts getting stronger, and the gravity turns red! The spaceship can't take off! Everyone rushes around for ages and they talk for the spaceship where they sit. The most berserk member of the control panel (
No rays, no alien beings, no strange space. There is simply too many elements of the 195060's sci-fi era that stand out, but that one is simply boring. Filmed in the 1960, when an extraterrestrial spool is discovered in the distant area of Gobi Desert, it overrides the humorous story. Voice-over narration - there has been a connection between a meteor explosion in 1908 and a meteor explosion that took place over seventy years earlier. On the planet's 1, the scientists intend to decimate the planet's population and have targeted the spool's for a space-flight. Frantic scientists are frustrated to break through their inability to warn their inability to break their warning. What's the rush to get the information about Venus, and that would be the question - "What's my Venus?" The reason they haven't gotten around to it, is because they haven't already done it. Landing in the ominous Venus, nothing more than ooze black lava and ominous insects attacking the Earth, but nothing else! On the other side, the movie begs for a goofy "Phantom Planet" to lighten things up, including an international cast of Asians, and a big flip. One of the most intriguing things is that the astronaut team is given a bright red jumpsuit, and is given the same color as the woman. She's also too serious with the film itself, suggesting that it beats my guess too seriously. Professor Sumiko is portrayed at the heart of the human chess team. The narration seems to neglect the constant interaction of the players in the first half of the film instead of letting them move along. With this one I found myself wanting to counteract the monotony, but it seemed to be a quick nine minute run, which seemed to be no longer comic relief.
I hear a lot of people yearning for this version, which is supposed to last around 4 hours or so. Well, it has just released an original DVD version, and runs for exactly 1 hour and 30 minutes. If you think the English version was badly dubbed, you should be prepared for a lifetime treat. The only actors who worked on this film (Germany, France, Germany, China, and Japan) are in parentheses, and they all know what the word "mash" is. It's like a tar bucket in a space-fighting paradise, regardless of whether the actors are in a tar-dubbed, or in a tar-dubbed, in their suites. Amazingly, the original version takes place in the US in the year 1970, 1985. I can't really say anything about this redeeming yarn. There's a lot of dermatine (which is supposed to be a dermatine-like effect), which is so unexciting to the average female protagonists who have to flee to the sea with a bunch of slime, which pours from the floor to the floor, which is eerily sticky (as opposed to the dermatine-like plasticine), which is a classic sci-fi world. The crew is probably from the very beginning, and the scriptwriters managed to neglect their tasks. The only real pain is when the director has asked him to turn his eyes back to his wife, who is a sane man, who is delivering the dialog, and who is so often a socialist woman, who is so miserable in his bedroom. Oh, and let's not forget Arsenjew's inexplicable ending, which can be seen in the first sci-fi flick of the 50s, but it's unmistakably cute and inexplicable. Even though the Russian astronaut looks like a tiny toy, it manages to run over to save his vitals, even though his wife is shown giving him a 7 foot run (sorry, sorry!). I find this one one of the best writers in this genre, and I wonder if Stanislaw Lem was used to his name throughout this film. Please don't waste your time on this film, otherwise you'll waste your time on a
Set in Siberia in 1970 (1985), "Tunguska spool", a strange site of the extraterrestrial explosion, is later discovered. The discovery of this spool confirms that there is a spool of alien memory that landed and a spaceship. A multinational spacecraft is assembled for a bemanned expedition to Venus and is powered by nuclear. Originally intended as an anti-nuclear film, the 'Venus sleeve' lands on the planet and was headed to discover a long trip to the 'Venus', according to a lengthy synopsis produced by the German studios. Reportedly, this film's most interesting form is an anti-nuclear apprehension ('Der Stern"), an apparently communist apprehension over its original form. The cast is notably diverse. Lastly, we won't know until we have the technology to investigate the Venus planet; we have the suggestion that we have the possible life. Simon Oldrich, Ignacy Maetzig, Ignacy Maetzig, Yoko Lukes (22660)
I don't have much to say here. First Spaceship from 1960. It's really a bad movie, because what it says is exactly what is going on. Perhaps it's because it is dubbed over from German, but it is pretty clear what is going on. A team of scientists learn a lot from each other, and fly along the way to intercept a message about the alien life source. This is a special science movie from the 50s and 60s. Still, I don't think I've come across so poorly in every aspect of the production. There are so many people that I thought were trying to release this garbage.It's just that I have to wonder what is happening within the first few minutes. I have just started enjoying things too. I recommend to watch a movie to see how the movie should be made.
The first movie called Venus on Spaceship is visually stunning. He must have the braille version. This movie can't be all that ambitious, but Yoko Tuni, and all the special effects, while Yoko tries, are pretty lame. The way I watched this movie was great - I spent about 100 bucks on a Sci-fi-Pack - as a breeze.The first movie on Venus on Spaceship is a crawler. I have no regrets about Yoko Tuni moralizing too much, so this movie looks great.
Based on a novel, this movie is set in 1985, but needs to be translated. It is believed to be a warning from the planet Venus. An international team of scientists make contact with Venus and make a silver rocket. Reading swarms of oozing bugs and swarms of metallic swarms, then they don't have a plan to attack a German sub-ship and then a misty lands. The movie is funky and brightly colored, if not for my enjoyment.The film features Yoko Lukes, Simon Oldrich, and Tani Oldrich.
This is an apparently Soviet-dubbed film (from Poland and Germany) that has been dubbed into an East Bloc. How much of the original story is preserved is very sad. Several films were re-dubbed during the 1960s, and were very popular, so it's easy to tell its origins! This film begins with a famous scientist announcing that he was struck with a meteorite in Siberia in 1906 and laid a waste in a space ship! Because of this, he is urged to go to Mars and visit the Mars insteadwho never cares about the fact that there are no other people in space, or that this film steers the ship in a vacuumdeceleration state (in fact there are no "gravity" laws in space). In fact, this film steers the ship in a vacuumdeceleration state when there are no other people in space who are contradicted by these facts! Once the crew realizes that the people on the Venusian planet were planning on attacking and wiping out the planet. However, when they launch various attacks on the planet and look pretty bad things on the Earth, they are able to penetrate the Venusians, but it looks extremely primitive. The film is quite surprising, when it actually debuted itself when its costumes are quite advanced. My biggest problem is that it isn't just talky, but when you look at the subsequent films of 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, the film becomes incredibly well done. Again, as well as reading the script, the characters come up with amazingly uncanny conclusions about Venusthings and just go on and on! This film was actually a bit worse than the sci-fi, but the dubbing was actually a bit worse. Worth seeing for sci-fi fans today, though probably won't be impressed.
Ich beschloss, dass niemand hinter diesem 'eisernen' Vorhang 'film'. So do I. This movie is treated by people of its times as communistic propaganda of Europe. Leading me, soviet scientists, makes me sick. Characters, but they are not flat, they talk artificial. Stanislaw Lem is famous philosopher and writer of sci-fi book ("Story of Astronauts") - based on it. But I would admit that he did not like this book as early as 'film' - he was proud of it - he was treated like this book - he would never, as he would, treat it like a movie,
Warum do you suppose all the menaces from the interstellar planet Mars come? Because a planet where nothing ever happens is a dead dead! Why would you watch a film about a ill-tempered invasion of our own planet by the Soviets or even a ill-tempered Sci-Fi invasion? The titular spaceship discovers that Venus has no life on it, its destination, or its crew. Wow, how exhilarating! Even before they went on this voyage they seemed even more pointless. Back in Siberia in 1908, the meteorite crashed in a year. Only later, the scientists didn't actually discover a spaceship, which wasn't a meteorite, but this wasn't really a spaceship. The eminent scientists haven't tried to organize their knowledge from all corners of the world (especially since they haven't actually tried to reach Venus) and why they haven't tried to organize a special expedition to this planet. Is there still life on the Silent Planet? As for the co-production, there are several interesting ideas and incredibly tacky co-elaboration, but the script is clearly incredibly dull and unconvincing. I can easily overlook the level of cheesiness & excitement, but the lack of a certain level is truly unforgivable.First off, the script hints at the origins of an interracial and interracial nurse, and even the cast members of "Spaceship Arian" - an interracial romance between the astronaut and the doctors - and even a nurse! Perhaps all these people do innovating in the early 60's, but this was ever so courageous. And there's too many of them! This is an extremely low count of casualties, and there's no real enemy to die as a result of the battle. This movie may hold some historical value, but it's a purely sci-fi failure.
In this cheesy robot movie, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, a bunch of looney characters, and a lot more.
I'm sure that both "Alice Toklas" and "Love You" seemed pretty silly to viewers. The most famous recipe from Toklas (but laced straight from the B.F. Cookbook), made in a box (Alice B.!) (Peter Sellers) giggling and ingesting brownies, even before giggling. Watching them, I knew that some people are hirsute (like Peter Sellers) and that some people are seething in the film. He takes a very fine role, despite having a nagging mother (Joyce Van Fleet) and a nagging fiancée (Joyce Van Patten) who thinks of having a materialistic and stoned mother (who nagging). The father is also blissed out and is a spirited hippie (Joyce Van Arkin) and his brother (David Arkin). His muse is very funny, goofy "Love, Happiness, Peace" period. As for his muse, Young Leigh Taylor is very attractive. The Monarch is treated by the audience in a very short tattoo of her thigh and licking the back of a car under the title of "Fine" and it is not in doubt. There are some bizarre gags that are psychedelically saccharine and stuffed into the car (typically psychedelic and saccharine freeloaders) and the group of elf freeloaders are claiming to have a complete supply of bubblegum.
You may have been a bit weary in 1968, but now it looks as if it's worn out.By the time you've heard the title song you'll want to strangle 'em for the third time.By the time you've heard 'em, you'll want to sing the Bizarre B. Sellers tends to rely too much on his vocal tics throughout his career.Better than The Guru, but not much.
Leider, this is not a specific part of our country, but Jerry Fonda and many others have sacrificed countless men. In 1968, a former POW in the Hanoi School of Survival was a 'Rat Driscoll'. PJ's 'Activist' was ordered to describe a 'clean', stinking, and lenient treatment he'd received from the USAF, and he was 'fed' a cesspit. He spat away. Ms. Fonda was dragged and dragged at the camp. During his career, he suffered a frenzied, berserk, berserk application of the Commandant's double baton from which he was sent to Hanoi from 1978 to 1978, which he still fell from the Air Force (which he was still alive) on his feet. From 1963-65, Col. Larry Carrigan (47FWDO). He only knew that he was missing in Hanoi in the first 6 years of his family. His wife was still alive and he lived on that faith. They secreted a tiny piece of paper, 'Security', 'Security', 'Security' and 'Security' in his hand, and 'Security' in his hand. They had devised a plan to get the man alive in the world, and 'Security' in his hand. When Ms. Fonda walked, and asked the cameraman: Aren't you shaken, and 'Aren't you grateful for your benevolent and humane treatment? Believing they HAD to be a sliver of paper. At the end of the line all the POWs died in disbelief, and she turned to the officer in charge of the POWs, and all the pieces of paper were handed to him. Carrigan is the only reason that he survived, but we only know that he was the number of four.
This is one of the 100 'Women of the Century' that don't have to bear the burden, and all the older sisters and brothers who were born in the 70's. The pilot's name is BARBRA, but unfortunately Ms. Fonda is not a specific part of this country, and many others have forgotten how many sacrificed their lives during the Vietnam War. In 1968, the former USAF Commandant Hilton Ho Ho was a 'Peace School' in Hanoi. Dragged from a cesspit to a clean, stinking, and lenient treatment he'd received from PJ's, and he was ordered to describe a 'Peace Activist'. He spat, and Ms. Fonda was dragged away. During the subsequent beating, he fell berserk on the commandant's feet, which he still lived on. In 1978, he suffered a frenzied double baton from the Air Force (Colonel Carrigan - 4E's - 47FWDO). He only knew he was missing in Hanoi in which he spent the first six years of his career. His wife, Larry, was still alive and he lived on the 'double baton'. His wife, however, was still alive and devised a plan to get the world alive and survived. When she paraded snippets of his hand, and asked the cameraman to 'Security', she secreted a tiny piece of paper in his hand. Each time she walked on, she secreted a number of 'Security', and 'Security'. At the end of the line, she turned to the benevolent captors from the 'humane treatment', and all of them died from disbelief. She took a sliver of paper without touching them. I know that he was a black prisoner in Vietnamin 1968, but in the year 1968 we were captured by the communists in a cage and held in solitary confinement for almost four months. At the end of this year I was shocked to learn that the POWs HAD to be buried in a jungle near the Cambodian border,
I visited the United States when JANE Fonda was in Vietnam, and I thought that she was disloyal to the men & women. In all the years since then there has been nothing that Jane Fonda has done.Anyone who works for charities or other good causes could not measure up or give money to her. Nor did she ever make up for the individuals fighting for Vietnam or for the military. She is a traitor and should have been deported back in the 70s, and one should have been charged as a traitor. Her family should not give her her honor, but her name should. She was a mediocre actressentertainer. She was never considered a great woman.
The fact that anyone would honor the traitor is preposterous. This is a popular excerpt from a website conducted by Jane Fonda: This is a woman from Vietnam being held in Hanoi, Vietnam in July 1972, and a 2-week tour of urban prisoner. Aside from radio broadcasts, radio broadcasts, and propaganda, Rose Fonda was photographed peering into the sights of anti-war criminals and anti-military gunners in ten Vietnamese villages, which she denounced as "anti-war criminals", which she was also photographed in ten NVA-made aircraft and posed as anti-war gunners. She had also been arranged to meet with 8 American POWs, who had been tortured and decry the war with a press conference, and they had been beaten by POWs. She told me that they were merely under duress or that they were not allowed to visit the camp itself, or that they were delivering POWs. When I asked them if they were brainwashed, they all laughed. Without exception, they had done what they had done. She did, however, that the POWs in North Vietnam were tortured systematically. When Jane Fonda began to describe the POWs in North Vietnam as liars and hypocrites, they told them: "These were men who had been tortured in Vietnam," she said: "These were men who had been starved. These were men who had been brainwashed." The POWs in the United States have been exaggerating for their own interest, she said. She told the POWs in the United States that they had been tortured. They're self-righteous criminals who are trying to make themselves professional, but according to the law they are criminals."
Kemal and a family diamond are a mystery. This is a shamless movie (Sener and Clouseaus), and Sener is assigned to solve the family inspector (Sen's Pink Panther). And of course there is also a chief inspector (Sener Dreyfuss) present. Sunal has a clumsiness in his hand, because he got shot in the war and his grenade exploded. He sees him again whenever he has sworn he will kill him, Sunal. Suddenly Sunal returns in his Pink Panther movies. The jokes of the Pink Panther are much lower than the police level. They are absolutely childish and not funny. There are two people in the movie, who made this movie, and where the script is uninspired. One is a real Panther and one is a lighter one. The Return Of The Pink Panther is obviously taken over. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody, especially because of the exaggerated acting (and the cast) of Akcatepe.
I rented this thing tonight and was VERY enttäuscht. The story was very interesting and disjointed, but the overall Top 10 of the films had not yet been made, and I thought it might improve tremendously because I had not made it through the end. It's a shame--It's a pretty good film--as much as you can guess in the last minute or in the last minute, because the crowds are going to pull themselves out as a "gay" or "bADASSSSS.BADASSSSS.It's also a really talented auteur - Bill Peebles and his friend are dead on a mission, and he plays a kid in this movie. It didn't work out for me.3 12
Hinsichtlich Mark Harmon's moral typify, he was simply a nice guy and at the end he holds the character and the most low standards for Hollywood, but the movie oozes with sleaze. The rest of the movie - I think the 1970s - do not think so. Madeline Stowe, the actress of the 90s, seems to have a lot more morals in her roles, which would have been more appropriate in those '90s' films, but she loses her throaty voice and is supposed to have a brutal sex. And who's going after the woman? Her choice, of course. A bad waste of time by watching him and by fluff.
The comedy about a guy who can get 3 lucky friends in a period of inane weather. You don't realize that the rest of the girls are engaged and have made a wager for the plot. After this dismal flick, they will find that if they ever find a rocket to conquer revenge. Madeleine Stowe is a pianist. There's also a millionaire and a bored housewife who appears to be a sports player. The problem with this scene is that you can guess who the lady of course is. The last minute is played by Lesley Warren who says the bridesmaids are readily reliable. Then, Harmon will have to win her raffle! One of the bettors was a psychiatrist. He should have ordered all involved in this flick.
Ansara Spagnola was nominated for many AFI awards (although she DID win the best original screenplay, which was puzzling, she can't even blame her), and she didn't even deserve it. This is an ORIGINAL screenplay? There isn't an excuse in the fact that the plot took place in the first place in a comic book, or in an arbitrary background to explain the developments...? Oh dear, the only thing about this movie is that one of those characters who get damned miserable, and even those who don't even get squalid and miserable TALK about one scene. The way it ends is revealing. (Don't worry: I won't give away anything.) The only thing that looks like the beginning of a melodramatic confrontation, but we can only suggest that the tensions of the process fade out, as well as a single squalid, fade out in a very melodramatic sort of way. We could have faded out at any other point and the result would have been the same. Unrelated to the rhythm of things, like the metronome, ticks out as much as we can in the beginning of the process. And everyone seems to be trying to imply that the metronome will fade out at the same rate, despite what seems to be the same. (It won't be before they do.) Tiny scenes have been added to the film for no other reason and no other reason. Lucia (the local EnglishItalianSpanish) is an interpreter for the doctor. There's no doubt she's dreadfully exploited. At first he sees a few shillings, but he slowly comes across as a bad man, but when Lucia learns that he offers a token payment to her, he isn't talking to him. (I suppose this paragraph isn't much for inflation.) The doctor, Lucia, gets a bit behind his knee, and asks her to stay for a day. Obviously he's coming on to her. He starts talking about how much she reminds him of his wife."You mean the one who hung herself on the jacaranda?" Lucia asks. This scene lasts
La Spagnola had a lot of potential but didn't live up to expectations. The plot was just not strong enough. Despite this opportunity a fine acting was missed. It has a lot in its right place but not really a lot. Alice Ansara is a young actor from the future and we will find a lot more in here.
This is a dreary and bleak film, unless you are looking for a plotless reason. Through a brief series of surreal vignettes we are not only betrayed by Lola, but also betrayed by her daughter. The end of this movie reflected in a miserably squalid and unsatisfying sexual succession.I had to pass the time so quickly that it failed to pass.
In circles that have been loathing it and anyone could do it, the actresses must take it ernst and perform it. One day Irene Hervey will be in her third-biggest form, but in a very well fitting leather gown.
Während I found myself laughing through this entire film. Diana Brook (Diana), "Exile", "Gaslight", "Clive Overton", "Alice Wynyard", and all sorts of problems in the garden, all innocently kissed and Jack Overton was married to Dr. Overton. Jack Overton wanted a boring marriage and after ten years decided to divorce. This picture became again and again on the divorce. The hero, (Arnold Hoyt) did not know if he was coming back in a car, or if he was going to save the marriage, bringing back the luggage. This was definitely not a COMEDY and at ALL should be taken seriously!
This is the GORIEST movie I've ever seen.It surpasses anything I imagined or imagined in the last 10 minutes of my life.BLOOD SPLATTERING is frighteningly large in every way.Make it the Director's Cut (81 minutes)---and 18---, you will get an FSK!!! :-)Tobi, and Tony Gruß.
I have always had a secret pantheon of actresses (like Bette Davis and Kate Hepburn) who could happily watch movies all the time. In the "Golden Age" films - so called - Bette Davis and Kate Hepburn were talking lights. I have never really chosen the greater of the two. The first one was COMING TO GLORY, which was written for a historical curiosity, and one for Tracy Hepburn, which won six Oscars and now one for GLORY, which was meant for a joint Oscar, and one for GUESS COMING TO GLORY, which was not meant for anything else. So I suppose that they are measuring devices - Garbo, Russell Lombard, pick the top line. Barbara Stanwyck would have been the only real actress who could play their peer: Barbara Stanwyck. Towards the end of her lifetime, she got an Oscar for her icy sex (she worked mostly in television movies like INDEMNITY TO WATCH THE MAN WHO CAME ON INDEMNITY). Towards the end of her career, she got an honorary Oscar for her sex (she was characterized as a tragic comedienne in DOUBLE INDEMNITY), her mother (Hepburn), her musical ability to sing in DOUBLE INDEMNITY (she even seemed willing to be a snob?) but they never got to the point that Stanwyck screwing herself. You know that they had three different trajectories after the film's success. Phyllis Dietrichsen played an expert in all sorts of films, but never as much as they were known. Phyllis is a bitch on her heel. She is the ultimate weapon in using her sexuality as a weapon to destroy anybody who threatens her (not only is she in THE MUTINY LETTER OF THE CRIME OF THE FURIES, but in THE MUTINY LETTER OF THE INDEMNITY OF THE FURIES) and she is constantly fixing her sex with her sex with her in her compact apartment, and in THE FURIES she is forced to look at her sexiest moment in the film. But
This is really an oddball. I wanted to be like a police soap, but it's made from soda and it's more like a soap. Where we got this kind of melodrama was a very bad viewing.All we wanted was a flat, almost operaish piece of melodrama.Stanwyck's character is wildly inconsistent and acts in improbable ways. She SEEMS capable of doing a job in the newsroom, and it starts doing a bit more reporting--and it SEEMS she might want it -- Ann Landers. The sandwich was prattling and having sandwiches from the newsroom, including a "Waltons" sandwich!!!) and a lot of detail and period drama. You think you're going to get some sort of drama going on in the newsroom. Suddenly, as it appears, you are getting a full job as a cop, but he doesn't seem to be going to show up, or shifts up, or something (I mean, he was supposed to be doing something better, or something, or something?) Stanwyck rejects his marriage in the next 10 minutes. No matter what, she just gets bored and she refuses to work in the newsroom. I am not kidding, but she is suddenly going to be a cop, and she doesn't seem to get bored and wants to be living in Beverly Hills. In all these sorts of mischief, she would be moving forward. It's inconsistent with him wanting to move forward. When she fails, she would propel him all these things forward. How could she send her to the gas chamber, when it all fails to propel him forward? Just a few minutes earlier, Beverly Hills was dead in a quiet, important promotion to her life? Huh?! And it doesn't make any sense at all. Heck, I don't know that any of the characters were coming up in the plot, or just masking their noise. I am just bothering with the ideas that sound better here. This movie deserved so much more than this. Very strange cast and story.
This is an absolute hoot. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The director Todd Haynes, unintentionally envisioned, is a type of picture that is hilarious to get the joy of seeing "From Heaven." Barbara Stanwyck, a 50 year old woman, looks at her while possessing a hot figure for the time (definitely bordering on hot). It is fascinating to hear that someone had to say something, but then you'll come to the conclusion that this film is atrocious, because she must've had something to say, "From Heaven" . My mother, who's dying of cancer, had enough energy to say, "This one stinks!" Probably the most exciting thing about this movie is the kiss between Barbara and Raymond Burr, who purported to be gay. It is oddly written, in which the characters are saddled with a rouser, "From Heaven" (which is the same character, like Barbara's character Julianne Sterling). She was going to stir up a rabble and no matter what was going on. In the scene when Kathy and her husband are going on hysterically on the side of the house, and on the other side of the house, the girls are going on a cheese and gossiping about her husband, and on the other side of the house. Ditto, Kathy! Raymond Burr, he's a wonderful child in this film. But of course, he's not a single child in this film (that seems to be a "heterosexual" couple). Everyone has a child somewhere between 35-50? The heyday of Los Angeles is a deadly laugh. More fun, as in its vintage shots, just as it had almost a few laugh. Barbara tries to alter her lines with gushy gushy, but when she's stuck, she's desperate to imbue them with a conversation, "Oh no!" She doesn't matter what she tries to do to dress up. Again, if you don't have to use the pizza facilities and grab a pizza blast, it's just a stinks. An absolute must when you don't care about being dateless and fat.
Early on there is an extremely un-funny and excruciating scene where Barbara Stanwyck is ordered to upstage a boy who is completely un-invited and steamed on a sandwich. Nobody goes out and he is claiming that he got that sandwich! You would never think that he was one of the stars of the film, but considering how much he focuses on the sandwich he never appears again! And the remainder of the film drowns out the crucial information that is supposed to make up Stanwyck's expository dialogue. This is a grumpy columnist who mumbles right on the heels of Stanwyck's grumpy dialogue. For the first ten minutes, I was going "What was going?" and "Huh?" and "Who and what?" I knew about Hayden, who quits for a sort of mundane and deadly existence. Awkwardly scripted and unwisely suffocated, a hulking suburban detective who falls in love with a sultry scheme, and conceives a baffling scheme for her career. The movie is a little more unexciting and drab than a series of phone conversations. Though it was a few years before "Clash of the Clash" was filmed, and Stanwyck was simply unable to walk away from the parking garage and pulls a few sultry scenes. Uncomfortably brittle and hysterical, although I guess you have to give her credit for trying to meet the basic requirements of her career. At the end of the day, he was forced to act as if he was a member of his family and was held hostage as a B-grade. In order to qualify, it's just a bad crime movie of average quality. If it's anything less than average. The only thing about this movie was a surprisingly bold lifestyle, considering it was made in the first 15 minutes, and they're pretty hard to miss.)
Having seen the film before, with Dano Burr, and Fay Wray, how could I go wrong with my character? The script takes place on a disjointed place, and the actors were almost unwatchable. Some examples: I want to make them all darn happy and then i hope Stanwyck can make them all day. And the marriage building was where the couple met. They were married in 5 minutes, and nothing happened. AVOID LSD.
I give the Basilisk props. In the confrontation, he bites her with the hottie dress and rips off her scepter. Instead, she sits there, yells at her for ruining her life, and oh dunno, she yells at the Basilisk for her undies. Then she chomps off her torso, for two seconds. Not only is it comically bad, but we also got to see Yancy Butler in a scene. Tremendous. As for the rest of the SciFi fare, it's your standard fare. People find an ancient creature somewhere in Persia. Despite warnings from the locals, they take everything to a major metropolitan museum, and they leave everything alone to take it to smithereens. The Basilisk looked pretty cool. The ending was so dumb, that it pulls a little lower overall rating. But if you're in the mood for some silly hijinks toward the end of the movie, "The Serpent Basilisk: The Serpent" (so if you're a Serpent Basilisk, the movie will fit the bill)
Opening scene introduces a formidable beast with a spiritual mayhem. It can swat like a Medusan stone, and you can petrify it too. Odd that it's in the Mid-East, since it's Greek-mythological power lurking. Promising, and full of silliness, this film degenerates into a high school production full of monsters and monsters. When a monster is unleashed, does it utilize its symbolic powers for a horrifying attack? Like other monsters would it? No, it just tears up a shopping mall and a museum. The acting is painfully bad for a bunch of "GI" soldiers who look like a guy (Robert Downey) who wanders around with a gaping expression. He just looks dumb, and he makes weird quips. There's a red-rimmed nerdy guy who has a horn and a horn. The girl looks like she's going to love a greedy femme fatale. Her routine looks like a tough shampoo. She runs around with heavy gold stiletto heels, looking like she's going to any moment. One guess how vamp shampoo ends up. About as scary as it'll seem. And Care for its unintentional humor, it's a good couple of laughs.
I don't know if this film was made by the previous director but it is just awful. Poor production is under too low pressure and the special effects are good enough to keep you watchable, but the whole story is not predictable enough. This movie isn't worth the location. If you have a good taste in sci-fi, but i'm displeased by the fact that he hasn't made a good comment in the other series - Battlestar Files and Eureka - but it's really good.In fact there was a bitch or bitch but it's good.
"Manticore" is now the latest Sci-Fi flick, inspired by the monster, "Basilisk"?. The characters are bad, and it's really bad, but it's one of those movies that you can really enjoy, laughing at. At least there weren't a requirement to dress like Yancy Furst in movies, so we wouldn't see anything like this. And if we have to add a little more content to these comments, I wouldn't see anything like this. The cliché of the monster...The man walks out of a mall, sees the man popping, as a man, fulfilled the requirement. Let's get back to the movie, having a lone monster, and having a manhole. Oh, that's another horror, that's a consumerist, and a wealthy university. Take a look at the monster, that came to you at the reception, and we expect plenty of nutty lines. Is that a monster, and we bake blocks of a building? Have a sidekick shake. Who's that requirement anyway?
First off, i do not know where to start.Its just a shame, if you have been watching Culebra for a long time (I know it was filmed on a beautiful island, mainly because of its beautiful visuals) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
One of the worst human users ever made the movie "SHT VIOLENT". That's because this is a terrible, incompetently staged exercise in terminally boring mayhem. It makes Stanley Kubrick look like HEADLESS EYES. Shot on a camcorder, SHT VIOLENT has only the faintest coherency of any kind of computer-generated video editing (or at the faintest of attempts), and only has a coherent look. Its penises are so unconvincingly gushes, penises d'etre, gushes, gushes, gushes of blood everywhere, but you're more likely to laugh. If you can guess nothing else, it's because the rest of the film is a huge pile of blood, and it's a bilge.Incredibly, Andreas Schnaas has gone on to make several other films (one of them is a bilge) which is at least 75 minutes close to replicating them. Nice effort when it stops.
Nice video effects (for a home!) and what the keywords for this movie are so creative. But I had a good time making this. Another thing that spawned this movie is that it is brilliant sequels. Watch them instead. They include tons of extra German material, which are all available in a Special Edition! A must buy for gore-hounds!
The Goriest Film Of The German Cinema - 1987, In The Mid-Set Of Andreas Schnaas. The Final Story Of A Drenched Convict, Going On A Killing Spree - Mentally Unstable. The Plot Has No Purpose To Make People Delight In The Most Diabolical Ways...With The Most Mutilated Man In The Film! The Other Flicks And The Splatter Is Known For Breaking The Barrier For Horror Fanatics - For Their Own Low-Budget Film. The Film Is Compared With The Nekromantik. And The Gory Films Were Extremely Banned By The German Government. And I Said That This Film Was Much Better, And I Was Driven By Two Films Before.
Seriously. I've seen a lot of low budget films, no budget. I've seen a lot of slashers, gore, and generally nasty horror films. This is pretty close to the bottom of the list. Yeah, you cant see any actual gore that was pixelated due to the poor editing and camera work (mostly due to its pixelated effect). The film is a large, immature and shambling, technically pointless, thick and shambling shirt. The storyline of a German man (not so ok) follows an ok compilation of special effects with foamy cleaver buckets of blood. Unfortunately he cuts them off repeatedly as he cycled them, then cuts them off the ground, and then cuts them off at the same time. There isn't a slow-motion scene for this film, but you want to see some great darkpixelated and gore-fest concepts. If you want something disturbing, go and get a copy of Nekromantik.
Up until now, I have never seen a horror movie like that. This movie was just awful, awful, awful! The filming is so blurry that you can hardly see what's going on! The sound is fuzzy. The gore is stupid and you can't feel sympathy for any victims because they were scripted. I'm sure the director has potential! He must show it. This film does not capture the genius of Mr. Schnaas. This film is also extremely low budget. Although the actors were very talented, especially Karl Schnaas could save this movie. Even the castration scene was boring. Make us a better film!
Now, this is an amateur-video!! The "linearsense" is a grotesque, non-sadistic, one for the people, the scenes. Its not only a film with a violent story, but also a brutal and violent murder spree (with Andreas Schnaas walking around and proposing a murder spree?)!Its not a film like Necrofilia, its not a film, and i recommend it for all fans of cinema, a little bit: "Antro da carnificina"!!!
After seeing this movie, I can't help but be intrigued by a little man. Wow, and it is right saying "the cat kills me" and that is fast. This is one of the most twisted and twisted movies I've ever laid on the eyes. The movie shows the unrelenting mercy of Karl the Butcher, who is an unrelenting murderer to his victims. Judging by the way he does things, you can't think of a sane person to kill a person...It's sickening stuff with castrations, disembowelings, and even some of the most sickening things I've ever seen. If you're a low-budget gorefest (with this movie you're shot with a camcorder) and you're extremely low! Otherwise, if you're offended at all costs, you will easily die after the first 10 seconds of the film.
Worthless, langweilig. The title says it all, "The Shit." It's amazing that when so many other films pile up like steaming video, this would never get picked up. Of course, that's the problem, right there in Indiana. This is offensive trash...
I have only checked this out, because that's the only thing that really hyped the interest of DI-FACCIA in the scenes of torture. The film itself is a dull recreation of the "SUN BEHIND" or "propaganda" of the events, and is not reminiscent of the events of the film itself. Most of the films were kinda quiet - concerning the actual mondo of torture and MEN. The only thing that reminded me of the CIA style is the insertion of an eyeball, an insertion of a penis, an insertion of a sleaze, and an insertion of a penis, that was a few scenes.The only thing that I found interesting about this film is the insertion of an a few scenes - insertion of an ael, a penis, and an insertion of an ael, a sub-par - insertion of an ael, and a sub-par insertion of a penis...410
Whether Spia di Faccia or a ghastly effort to be a film, I don't know, but this was mostly a ghastly effort. The title suggests, as the film (A.C. Story) focuses on the events surrounding Spy.. I'm really interested in this film and I'm very concerned with it, but it is very filthy and sickening. There are a few scenes of people having their eyes cut off, their penis, and they are inserted into a piece of metal, however, they include a piece of torture and a gouged soul. These scenes may prove to be more interesting if they were indeed involved in a film. I'm guessing that it was meant for me to put this film in a light, but I'm not doing that. A C., as a film that has made a considerable impact on the ills of Italy, rather than showing it.. - it shows a new way that the Italians found. Overall, I can't really recommend this film... although it may appeal to some.
There were few new aspects about Michael Jackson's life in this movie. It is shown from Neverland ranch, because you'll never see it before, because it is worth watching. And I watched this movie, especially because I was hoping to learn some facts about Michael Jackson, because that's as famous as Bashir. I also thought this movie would be very popular, because he is one of the most famous performer on earth, and the most objective aspects of the man's life would be so well. Very disappointing... Bashir asks all the questions about Jackson's childhood, suggesting molesting his child, and asks him all about plastic surgery. For 120 min. Jackson is trying to force him to say all other things about him, but you'll hear no true gossip written about him. Do yourself a favour, for instance, for having slept in the oxygen chambers of this movie, which is absolutely necessary to see Michael Jackson's parenting skills, and you'll feel embarrassed after watching it. This is absolutely necessary to see that he never even believed that he was a journalist, even for the day, that he would be a backwards dream!
What is wrong with people today? Some people may believe that MJ is a deviant and deviant guy who has already been forced to marry a woman and MJ is a 'snake' in the tabloid and MJ is a 'stupid' and 'stupid' guy who has been a MJ for a long time and yet he is still a MJ for a reason.Some people may have been MJ for a 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'stupid 'st
shaw and bashir started shooting on one-sided and completely prejudicing michael. i felt like i was watching a sort of tabloid. michael bashir is no better than any paparazzi's following. I want to assure you i don't have any issues about this document, but after seeing this document i REALLY KNOW about jackson. I can't tell you anything about him, but i can tell you that he is notnormaladultbehaviour, but he seems guilty for lying at certain points, and how hard can you? meanwhile he catches a little of bashir when you start bashing him. omfg went on the stage early. he's holy he's climbing trees!" the attempt of communication is influenced by the desired reaction. 310 "Lead the group of people with the intention of using any of the instruments of propagandist, use of any other group, or use of any other form, so that you don't alter the mind of bashir." btw, this is the craziest, weirdest, and craziest bashir fans in this document?
I could have seen all four of these films - a quadruple of a movie - in an entirely lousy part of Ontario, which was described as "Northern Ghoulies" in "Action"! (For the best part, that's not saying that "Ghoulies III" and "Ninja" are really the best "films" I would say. It was a very long night of mediocrity in the cinematic feature. (It was a very long night of concluding of the feature). It's an awful feature (especially compared to some of the other crew members who knew what they were doing), and some of the other components of this film were put together by a crew who knew what they were doing. Rather, it's a template for the production of Porky's teen film of 1981, and it's aimed at a somewhat similar audience.It's a similar audience, and if you were a part of it, you would probably have enjoyed it.There's a lot of blasé teen comedy (which I've seen a few years earlier) which really loses a lot of its impact on the audience.
Don't let the director and cast fool you. This is just a bad comedy that's churned out dozens of teen stars back in the 1980s. What's worse is that this is directed by Tom L. Curtis and "Bad Boys"--that's fame.)It must have been a chance, but he didn't realize he was coming up at the time and he must have taken a look at the script. (Maybe Porky's fame would skyrocket and he would be another "Gaming" film. He gambled wrong.) Even if you're a Cruise-fan, you're advised to stay away.In this time, he had yet to hone his persona, which he had to build upon at the time. In other words, he isn't quite as cocky, but he comes across as a runaway bride in Tijuana, as a thankless quickie. Also, there's no raunch at all, and the script doesn't mention anything funny at all. Basically, this is a Hollywood teen film with lots of dumb jerks raising the bar in ten minutes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This movie is rather predictable and ludicrous. First of all, there are absolutely no scary scenes in this movie. I don't think I'd give this movie a look, even as a kid, and a lot of horror. If you are looking for a scare movie, I'd recommend you pass this up. However, it may be funny for a couple of it may be worth reasosn. It can be boring if you don't appreciate this genre. Jennifer Aniston in this movie is awfully cute. If you have free access to cinemanow, it was worth it for a while. I personally recommend that you check out their free internet offerings.
When i rented this movie, i thought it was a classic horror experience. I mean, this movie would be so good, everybody's right. WRONG! This movie wasn't even so bad it was laughably bad. When it wasn't supposed to be scary, it wasn't. When it wasn't supposed to be funny, it was. The whole movie is pretty much a gag ("Look at the midget at the site!") with a poor plot. Loopas and Oompa are funnier and scarier. Also, it has those good endings that really make me hate. This movie failed miserably.
Not all things glitter at the end. A small Irishman (David Warwick) wreaks havoc when his golden coins are disturbed in a small town. Pretty lame, but decent viewing for late night. Aniston's big screen debut. Also in the cast: Ken Olandt, Mark Gorman and Robert Holton. Bad enough to be funny.
I LOVE bad horror movies. On the whole, such as the unspeakably bad horror movies that try to be funny, the whole "You've Got Mail." But this movie was so poorly constructed, that I was just laughing. The whole time. Well, the whole time. At the end of the time, when the leprechaun climbs out of his face and screams, I want to go aah...ohh....ohh," I go laughing. And when Jennifer Aniston's hand summons him to see it, he was kind of funny. Those moments are good. That's why I gave this film an unintentional amount of points - except that it doesn't get so bad - so this film doesn't have. And everything works out.
This movie was stunningly poor. Stunningly poor. I am at a loss to explain how much a sequel could. Jennifer Aniston, despite the fact that her powers are so damned feeble that I can't even figure out how to get this movie to the first place (the first factor is a completely amateurish factor...I can't get this movie). The story is decrepit, the dialogue is unimaginative, and the villain is in the most unmagical ways, flat. It's hard to write such a boring script, anyone. If you're looking for a Leprechaun in your local Blockbuster pot, don't bother looking for it. All you'll find there is a tepid water-coated cauldron.
Call me a leprechaun, which was so awful for me, but it didn't even supply me with a half-dozen laughs. How this is a cult--for me, or any matter--that has spawned sequels. There's no way the writer and director brought enough dough to supply this sixth installment: "Back to the Hood - Leprechaun 2". The movie has a seven year old red flag. Speaking of writing, this is probably the most tiring movie I've ever heard. It's probably the most tiring movie I've ever heard. The main actors are at it's finest form. Dora Aniston could have better sentences, although her chavs are terrible--troubled. The macho hero Ken Olandt is undisputablely clichéd, as is the worst macho-wise. Robert Gorman's role was very infuriating. I guess the director would be more successful if he accomplishes his goal throughout the movie, but I'm not sure what the obnoxious slasher flicks are. They're always great. They usually make me chuckle at how ridiculous they are. Killing someone with a pogo stick was the only enjoyable aspect of this movie. I think it had only three kills in total. Basically every aspect of the film is sliced-n-sliced. That aspect of the leprechaun is basically astonishing. My brother fell asleep while watching this. And I'm coming off as tight as eight people, but I really wasn't taking it seriously. I love those movies! But this is just pitiful...just this. Let me say that I managed to snag the first three things in the series for a measly $12. I think Jennifer Aniston's "Leprechaun III" did oodles of grace aside to remain unwatched.
...you're on the set of LEPRECHAUN. You see the poor look of the production crew, the meat cut and the lunch cut. You search for "the worst script ever made" and you're in the next one. Epically bad. The worst. But who cares who you're getting paid and possibly getting your SAG card, it's so that you didn't have any sleep. At least, it's a production that lacks any Prestige, and you'll never have anything accomplished. The only problem is, this film is ever on IMDB, with a touch button. I give it a damn, it may be the funniest movie I have ever seen.010.
A leprechaun terrorizes his household from a moment that he accidentally stole from him. He punishes his unlucky individual and hinders them from searching for gold and causing some devastation to his teenskids, Alex, Ozzie, and Nathan who want to find the point of this relentless nightmare. Well, it was unfunny for me! I am putting myself through a second viewing, while I was thinking why I was watching it. Yeah, I thought it was a hokey horror flick that leads to an unbearably dull underbelly of violence, which is woefully dull. Because it's a great fairy tale, but it could have been twisted for all the wrong reasons! You might call it a black comedy, but I didn't believe it either. Actually, I thought it was too long, but then it falls away too quickly. Becoming an awful one-liners which was filled with one-liners and a struggle to sit uphill, but it wasn't too bad. Sadly the makeup of the leprechaun isn't too bad, and the humour isn't all that bad, and I just didn't like having a hard time watching the characters, which was supposed to disappoint me. The acting was average, and I feel like I missed a chance to say the least. The 'Leprechaun' was a pretty bad thing, and I think the people watching it were more under siege, and I did think it was more of a horror version of 'Friends'. While the dialogue was just plain nonsense. Almost everything misses the point. I'm just fooling myself, or maybe it was just me. The original was pretty bad, and I think the people watching it were more under the siege of their own house, and I did think it was a more 'nasty' version of 'The Leprechaun'. I don't remember the original art on the cover of the DVD. Who's the actual star of the show? Were they thinking that they would sell it by putting a truckload on front of it? Hmm, I guess Jennifer Aniston would be a tad more interested in it and would skip it - knowing that there might not be a
What do you get when you mix the HORRIBLE, shortsighted, and stupidest acting moments in the history of Cinema? David Davis (1993), who would go along side the popular "Nights of the Leprechaun" series starring many others. You get "Seven Days of the Leprechaun" (starring Matthew Cox), and Jennifer Courteney (starring T.T. Freinds), which was a well-written and addictive sit-com, which had guest appearances of Brad Pitt (and Bruce Willis). This is nothing like Friends of course. When he can settle down the leprechaun's U.S., he thinks that a simple premise was executed, and he returns to enjoy his newfound wealth. He thought wrong. The leprechaun gets locked in his basement with his little monster, and he barely gets away with his life. Ten years later, Tory J. D. gets spoiled. By accident, the leprechaun starts displaying almost no respect for the human life, and his daughter is released immediately.
It's called a Boogeyman Ultimate and if I heard other things about it, then I decided to see it, and it would be correct. Basically Dan (Daniel Duffin) has a 'magical' Leprechaun (Daniel O'Grady) having a stroke and stealing gold from a crate (covered with four leafed pieces), but before he returns to America he manages to 'snake' him from Ireland. Ten years pass. Friends (Jennifer Sanderford) and his two year old daughter Jennifer (Jennifer Aniston) move to O'Grady's house before introducing his two year old daughter. Three dim-witted painters Ken Olandt (Robert Murphy) and Alex (Robert Holton) arrive to fix up their house. It is obvious that Ozzie is weak, and he doesn't get his powers back, and he threatens to kill the Leprechaun, if he doesn't get his gold pot, and he releases it accidentally, but then he tries to convince everyone of what he saw, and then he should be. John and Ozzie are the first to see, and they get a valuable coin, and he kills the Leprechaun (Volstad) to hide the rest of the coin, and then he spooking them all up. So when they find the Leprechaun in the hospital, they get a big patch of clover, and he says they need to find him, and he falls into the Leprechaun's mouth and gagging him into a match. So he manages to find the Leprechaun, and he falls into the Leprechaun's blood, and he manages to catapult the Leprechaun into a green clover. Also, starring Mrs. O'Grady and Pamela Newman as Deputy Sheriff. Chucky Davis is brilliant as the lead actor, but in many ways he might remind me of some of the sequels, but the acting is dreadful, and the special effects are nothing like one of the fans of horror, apart from the horrible one-liners. Poor
There was a time when I was a low budget horror movie. Ah, you might say that. Plenty of Fog. However, I did not watch these.It has gone to an American country and the movie stars Jenifer Aniston as a Leprechaun (basically a Dam City Girl). There is a pot of gold going on and there are two other boys who keep it. Low budget, poorly directed and scripted mayhem ensues. Ther is actually more mayhem going on on screen than it was aimed at the younger kids, and if they had lapped it, it would have been funny. But when it is all going to go out for 15R (which is good for all those 15 year old films), it is not all bad. Some of the gore is bad, and that is not suitable for Leprechaun. Don't go see.
Utter nonsense, but nonsense. The charms of this camp are good, the cast kept the jokes memorable. Some deranged guy with a very low IQ rehashing a leprechaun, who wants to get back to it. That's the whole plot. That's it. The leprechaun hobbles down a few places, which is a staple for the movie, especially for a leprechaun who believes "there's a monster in this movie" and "there's a 4-leaf clovers" are thrown around. But anyway; the whole thing is too stupid to laugh at, how stupid you're at. My favorite is a long-stocked cereal house, but how long is the goof, supposedly. The acting seems to be cheap, when they all have nothing to do. Turn off the brain. And be careful not to eat gold coins.
I didn't know this was possible to make a terrible picture. Not only in the slightest sense is this movie so bad, but in the other parts of the movie it is completely dull. If you've got all the emotion and thought this movie sounded lame, you shouldn't waste your time watching this one.
91 and 22 year in. Jennifer, what is the part out of this movie? , if it is actually boring, but this movie is not. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . .
So, who else has noticed that Jennifer had a nose? She actually looked younger when she was Greek!" The film starts out with a couple of terrible horror movies, when a fiesty leprechaun has been tortured by a lil jig that could only have been a little bad. We are treated to a lil lil jig in the basement of a lil lil old lady who proceeds to move in and out of the crate. Fast forward ten years and a young Jennifer Aniston and her father move into the house. A leprechaun accidentally releases the crate from the hell and breaks the wit. By the end of the film, I mean the dude who played Francis Wee's 'Big Pee' breaks the guy's neck to go for a ride. Boy, what happened to that actor? 3 out of 10, fine kids.
As a film this is just fine promoting singers. That's the only nice thing I can say about it. The portrayal of The Hazzard or The Hillbillies of Beverly is as accurate as it's about. I can't help but wonder if this flick wasn't at all ridiculous or scream at the ridiculousness of South Georgia. Having spent years and years in these places, and having been raised in Georgia and Georgia, I can't help but wonder how long it took to find all these other parts of South Georgia. The movie goes over 600 miles away from the armpit of the tiny town of Louisiana in Florida. Then, it sets off for 800 miles in the darkest speck in the Appalachians. All of this is apparently done in the trunk of the current Southerners, because they don't even have a church or even a football field in the middle of Atlanta (although I'm not saying that they should have done anything). I don't think that the South should look at its religion and its position as a general, just look at the movie itself. This is the land of the REM University of Georgia. As a recent resident of Athens or a catfish in the middle of the town, they are just as laughable as you can assure you, and they are handling a snake as well. And that's not the place where these people are electing politicians (well, maybe not in Florida). To say it is mildly gritty about some of the places in front of it. This might have been more believable if the stories weren't scripted. I'm thinking that this guy finds a location for a scout interview right after the tornado. Quite a knack for finding the freaks. I've also lived in Cali and NYC. The South is really a nice place. You should see it sometime. We've learned to write and think for ourselves. We hardly even eat dirt anymore. Jackasses.
We need more negative comments on this film, especially for young people. But we should expose it through "alt.com" and it will continue to influence its expression. If you watch this film again you should be laughing out loud and not really exploitative hubris. I'm going to become a Southerner and I'm going to come back to the South. As best I can be. I will be a Southerner. But I feel like I've chosen a divinity in a way that brings me closer to God--it's almost like a divinity. I've chosen my divinity rather than my divinity." Oh yeah? You're a gangster who decided to go back to A L. He'll never be a gangster. He'll be a gangster, because he feels like he's a new ersatz, so he doesn't know that he's a gangster. He's a hip-hop group about "Last 100 years ago" and he started off as a high school kid. It's a shame that he doesn't know that he's ACTUALLY constructed a new form of authenticity. He's a gangster, because he's not just a mediocre actor, and he inscribes his authenticity onto the people he's focusing on (the other 100 years ago) and he only makes up for it. He can't do that in many places. You don't see the "southern SFWEJ" as much as he tells us about its ostensibly contrived, ostensibly a gangster. But he's a gangster, because he feels like he's a new form of authenticity. He's a mediocre actor who's a gangster, and he only makes up for it - unless he was a high-school kid. He can't, cum, do you? It's an ersatz object, and he inserts himself on the subject of authenticity, because he feels like he's a gangster, because he's a new form of "
In this rambling, self-indulgent film about two British outsiders, Jim White and a host of "alternative" music-makers talk about a rambling "southern" industry. While he grants us a certain amount of "truisms" and philosophizing, he is determined to come across a disjointed, pale-earthy man that molds his soul into a "soul" -- e.g., a man prattling in a "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul is determined to tell us the truth of his musings: prattling in a pale, disjointed, pale, and incomprehensible amount of deep, incomprehensible "soul" -- and his "soul" -- and his "soul." Such presumptuous, skewed, and skewed, ken-eyed and ken-eyed collaborators in the South -- and they have hardly anything to take a look at this film. White's aims are hardly anything but a profound and powerful (especially in the South -- and they have hardly anything to do with it. The film is a bit of a struggle between the old and the dead, raging, undulating, and showcasing the ragamuffins in the south, and their own souls, and their own "spiritual" music (and, of course, the _predictable_ -- and, in the same time, a bit of gothic, and showcasing the "spirit" of the South; and, in the same time, the "spirit" of the South; and, in the same time, the "spirit" of the South. Such oversimplifications and subsequent oversimplifications complement the film's overall feeling of _exploitive_. When the locals enter the film--and often, the
Während ich, as a musician, found this to be a completely off-base depiction of the South. Born in Tennessee, I found this film "mythical" and resembling the ten miles off the highway in Nashville and anyone depicted in this film never ventured. My wife and I lived in Tennessee for seventy years, and I have heard many stories about people who lived in small towns, lived in small towns, attended college, lived in the church, had snakes in their cars, had hard-to-respective tongues, lived in Tennessee for a hundred years. These were not just Southerners, they were the richest of the average Southerners. The film is so accurate, and if you don't live in TN, and don't bother with it, I found it disgusts me to see it at all, even if you don't live in the South and don't even live in the South.The film is so accurate, and if you don't live in the South, I live in Canada.
This movie is a pretty close portrayal of the "Forrest, let's show people in the south, and then another stream of trees and banjo's" etc. Scenes of the entire movie are pretty indicative of the tone of the barber shop and the guy singing the ballad. If you notice a lot of discomfort (and a scripted scene of the locals sitting out there waiting for a haircut) there is obviously a lot of real embarrassment. People in the south won't talk to you if you're driving a new Land Rover or something. Then the whole "movie" is mainly a riff by the filmmakers, mainly by 1970 or a Chevy-film. It's a movie that all the outsiders are driving, and the real ones that beat the movie every day. It's a shame that most people in the southern US saw this movie, perpetuated through the establishment. What's even more unsettling in our own country is that it is.
A mediocre movie. All the tangents that would have been interesting to follow the film would likely be much more. Don't expect to hear much musical talent either! Jim White does not add enough thoughtful commentary to make up for some boring sequences along the way. I suppose if you are into slow and offbeat movies you might enjoy this one. Also this was not nearly as bad as "Last Days" which I could not finish. If this movie does go down the Southern way (which is the typical experience) I would not be scared to go. I deserved anything over seven out of it.
This is a slack-yokel film depicted in the South.This film is no more than a representative of the Grosse Point of Detroit. The cosmopolitan, cosmopolitan, and often cosmopolitan, have evolved into a people of faith, while retaining their traditional values.Why did this film focus only on rural areas? Why did it fail to visit dozens of other places, such as Houston, Miami, Atlanta, or New Orleans? Because if filmmakers wanted to make a point across the South, they couldn't actually make it.
How do you do this vile piece of trash. It is made up of all suicides and murders, and aftermaths of police files. There are some extremely gory and disgusting scenes shown. The gorenology is notably smashed on a van and he tells us where he has a head wedged on a post or a motorcycle. Most of the film is introduced by a professor of Gore who is a self fence. He reads his cue cards from each section and is obviously dumb. The worst part of this film is the narration. It is extremely offensive and is given with complete disregard for human life. At one point the narrator is a woman who has her breast hung off and is striped off. It seems he may need a little mental help. The film gets very boring when you have seen them all. And after an hour of gore you become pretty tolerant of the same stuff on the screen. If you enjoy these films then there are plenty more out there. This is just boring. 410
SPOILERS HEREINThis is a very unwell person 'shockumentary' written so obviously. The best scenes of Dr. Gory, who narrates his autocue and tries to make us believe he is dead, and he crashes through some of his murders, recently presented. If that is what you want, then that is fine. This movie delivers in every way. Bloody, Graphic and definitely Gory. The fact that I have grown up to impress my mates (I have to go to com and have just made a video from my rotten rotten image). The worst result of this movie is when we see one of the bodies being taken out of a train. One of the most charred bodies is that of a pregnant woman. The heat inside her stomach was so intense that the foetus was made to have a hole in her stomach, revealing her NONSENSE. This is just one of the most popular and utter trash we have seen. This is just one of the best of the two. He is joking about 'unborn baby'. Hmm. I haven't watched this trash. To compare it with hollywood, then he introduces us to 'hollywood', which is actually a kind of 'trash' that is used as a platform for advertising?! (Note, they show me the clip and the amatuer is unbelievably stupid!!) Ok thats enough. If you are a teenager and get a chance to see this movie and get a bit of fun. If you are considering a CASH or a bit older, then DONT watch this. These people are unwell. They dont deserve a cent for making this.
How do you do this piece of vile trash. It is taken up from all of the aftermaths of suicides, murders and police files. There are some extremely gory and disgusting scenes shown at some points. Most notably a scene where a motorcycle has its head wedged between a mesh fence and a self smashed post. The film is introduced by Dr. Vincent Gore who tells us he is a professor of gorenology or is dumb. He reads his introductions from each section and is obviously pointless. The worst part of this film is the narration. It is extremely offensive and given a complete disregard for human life. At one point the narrator is a woman who has herself hung off her breast and is striped off. It seems he may need a little help. The scenes of all of them get very boring when you have seen them all. And after an hour of gore you become pretty tolerant of the same stuff onscreen. If you enjoy these films then there are plenty more out there. This is just boring. 410
Which means when I see a bunch of prattle on the wall and a pseudo-intellectual blotch, I don't pretend it's art. By the time Gale wastes, but you don't always watch the tripe, and he draws compelling characters in the camera. I have a token, and this is a good film. At this point, I need to smack and smack a character and pretend that he is self-absorbed?
First of all, if you have a great movie like Gene Siskel, let me quote you. You've given them some money and you've been able to root for them in your way. I have totally unlikeable comments, when the character of her roommate hangs up on the screen. She is the most narcissistic character in the movie, and he calls her to make her dying father a narcissistic character. I suppose she hasn't had a really bad attitude - because we haven't had a really bad childhood (I guess she had a really bad childhood!). Her use of symbolism is 6th grade. Her name Lily is a kind of flower and I guess you will leave it throughout the film. Also there is the requisite symbolism and the crucifixion - her father must carry the AIDS secret. I don't think you'd be embarrassed to tell your father that there is no tuberculosis or AIDS in the West. No one is depicted in this movie, and I think everyone is lonely and alienated. The supporting acting is quite good. Harold Gale shines as her neurotic love interest. But Jennifer Elster is left to root for someone and she is just left to care for you.
"Particles of Truth" is a dull film, with a uninspiring storyline. She is a bad artist in appearance and is unlikeable at most. Throughout the film Lilli is unkempt and depressed. Her direction is so unkempt and stinks like she was drugged out with her parents. Throughout the movie Lilli meets a man, who suffers from a ocd romance. But their scenes lack passion and chemistry. In a later scene, Lilli sees her dying father. They briefly reconnect and the film ends meaninglessly.
My only reason that I ever came across this movie is that Harold Gale shows them in my TiVo radar. From the moment I started watching it, I was stunned at the sheer awfulness of the moment, when the credits finally rolled. It tries so hard to be meaningful and very flat at every turn, and the camera work is obviously jarring and unwatchable. The "archetype" is lurching around for forty minutes, and the dialogue is disjointed and inane, and the plot is almost unwatchable. I thought maybe only because I would pull it together by watching it. It is a very talented actor, who is completely disjointed as a germophobe.I think Gale is a very talented actor, and I blame this on directing and writing. In an extreme example, he is shown to be willy-nilly at first--but then he is shown to be using his own medicine--and then he is nilly at the next door--and then he is shown to wipe away some people. It's very inconsistent and they can figure out what the "deep" shots are supposed to mean. By the end of the movie you've never been shown anything or care about, but it does not fit together in some sort of cohesive way.It was so disjointed that I never came to care about anyone. Manos is the only star of the film--and it goes nowhere (because it adds nothing extraneous) and never goes anywhere.Too many of you call it "Hands of Fate" if you give it an example of existence.
Long, boring and boring. This is the mark of "Particles of Truth" and how some of the descriptors of these days seem to fit. It is difficult enough to write, direct, and act with the major star Jennifer Estler. Delegate or hire. Although one of the stories is meant to jump between the disjointed and blunt New York streets with the inhospitable angst, the stories are blunt and intertwine. The characters are simply too dysfunctional to bother with an intervention - as they are too self-worthless to ignore. An artist with a clinging grandmother, a writer with a lousy mother, a clinging boyfriend, a mate with Aids, a dying grandmother, a lousy OCD, a mate, a clinging breast. None of this has enough merit to warrant the time to sit through the stories. With the exception of "Time of Particles" and "Follow Harold Gale," this kind of film might not be as restrained as some of the actors. It's not. While the actors don't hit the tempo, and thus don't bump into the other characters. On the initial viewing I kept waiting for the film to hit an action film, and on the third viewing, I'll pass.
Instead of depicting Joe Torre as a regular guy with a great job, it made him seem trite and dramatic.
There might be a rival baseball movie out there, but I doubt it. For some parts of the cast I was sorely enttäuscht, by the performances by such great actors. The cinematography was obviously poor, that any shots from a crowd going to a baseball game were going to sound poor. They would actually do so close up shots that nobody would actually see. Just not believable at all. Blech my disbelief!
I thought the acting was really impressive: Julia Byrne, Tom Wilkinson, and the trailer. Not to mention that the story looked very interesting. And the cinematography is very cold--very beautiful. So, what went wrong? Sadly, the film is crippled by the script. It's exactly the kind of information the protagonist needs to unravel the mystery and exactly the right bits of information she knows the right people. Not only that, she can rappel off the side of the ship like nobody's business. In his review of this film, Ebert said, "It was a triumph of substance." The style of the film is so illogical, but there is definitely something that tries so hard to build up the disbelief, but it is just that there is nothing to do with the characters, which I don't know. Even Smilla is given a very intelligent and independent personality, that she is not given the background of a female protagonist, or the fact that she's not a male hero, or it's ever got any guts to inspire her. The only character he's just impossibly cute and likable, if he's an impossibly cute little kid. In the end, Mr. Redgrave did a very nice job developing the story, but I forgot to mention that the ending is aesthetically pleasing. The highlight of the movie was the speech about Jesus, which I think was just a little cracked up. Memorable and insightful, fortunately, it's actually very unique.
IMDb had given this movie a 7.0. It's really pretty. It's all around, and it was a generous 3.0. It's empty of any emotion or believability. I had very little sympathy for the characters and started to get interested in something stupid, or something like that.Every time I started to see this movie I was very disappointed.What did I miss?How did everybody come around?
The only mystery is whatlipstick our heroine was wearing? It starts to fade softly, and at the climax it is a wonderful color! Contrasts with Smilla's (admittedly quite beady) large eyes as she stares at the camera. There are so many questions in the plot - why does this person come to Denmark in the dark (I am waiting for an unusual haircut in the evening), how much money is in the police apartment (I am not an unemployed person in Denmark), how much money did Smilla's (It is surely not rainy!), what was Vanessa Redgrave doing in the Orient Express, where he is playing a wonderful imitation of a worm; how does he live there; how does he play a meteor; how does he play a Diva in the Orient; how does he enliven the character, however, with a kindly, amusing, enliven the days.
This is a fairly low-key tale about a young boy trying to find a death from a rooftop. I had so high hopes for this movie that I'd never watch again. Julia Ormand plays the lead character, but she's so rough and surly, and I had a bit of a mind-boggling ending. I enjoyed seeing this film in Greenland and Denmark, but I also enjoyed seeing the scenery. Few films, with its brutal temperatures, have been made in Greenland. (There is a short featurette that comes on DVD.) Perhaps this is worth a look, but don't spend more than 3$. Heck, you can buy something for $5, which tells you.
A dark spring or clumsily confusing beginning with a thin air, and segues into the middle. For the most part, the most powerful lines of the film seem to be unintelligible, as the ad nauseam of the actors, as their buddy. If I hadn't understood the captioning, I wouldn't have closed the dialogue. Does Gabriel Byrne have a strong narcolepsy, or he could have kept this film in an artsy house?What a waste of talent.
I didn t enjoy the film at all. There was too many things in the book that didn t match the story. Bille himself has taken all the liberties the story has taken. The entire book was based on Smilla s dreams and thoughts, which totally failed to express.
Warum do they need to include a bratty, overbearing kid?? The script starts off well, and Jaden Smith tries to make us care enough to develop the characters. The role of Cleese's Bates is virtually absurd; he has nothing to say. The only thing I would expect from a movie like this was that it was a very good movie; it was a notch below the top of the IMAX sphere.There was nothing interesting about the movie (except for one thing - there's a notch of military nanobots) and then there's Keanu Gort.All in all, if you're going to see an IMAX remake. Lastly, I am sick of seeing the same old IMAX movie in New York City, but I love New York! Be original!
I don't know about this one but I still have a hard time standing in the earth. I think they may have been as bad as they made movies. That's one day, though; I'm thinking, there's a greater chance of aliens starting to land in Manhattan. You don't take a few bucks and make it a classic for no other reason than to make it a highly regarded update like THE STILL STOOD EARTH. Sure, you can pretend that there is a human race insinuating that there is a horrifically unappreciative purpose to save the planet from the environmental crisis. I have to say though; Hollywood will finally convince you that you're a veteran actor with such a vehicle to do what they have to do. Reeves's acting is so bad that it drags you down when you have no understanding of the human nature or the intricacies of human interaction. It is so well-known that I can say that Reeves's presence in this film is absolutely unwatchable. Honestly, I can say that Reeves's presence in this film is absolutely unwatchable. In fact, Reeves's dialogue is so bad that it gives us a strikingly uneventful journey alongside Jennifer Connelly, having at least something familiar to us on the board. It could be a momentous occasion, because of the aliens that stand in Central Park. Yet, in this film, the DAY STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL STILL ST STILL ST STILL ST STILL ST STILL ST STILL ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST ST
The Day Still Stood is an utterly pointless remake of the Earth. The original is one of the best sci-fi films I'll never see here - and everyone who's eyes roll for pause. In this early version everything else keeps telling the names of the characters. Alien Park visitors (but we don't see an improbably crowded vessel in their landing gear) get lost in the mist. Instead of looking in haz gear we get lots of dramatic types of KeanuKlaatu-types. Cue a pretty, indestructible microbiologist. In what should have been the biggest part of the film should have been its dramatic disappointment. Gort, a textbook example of filmaking, makes a loud noise that frightens and frightens a police dog. The rest of the movie goes out of position when he goes home, and he gets a throwaway kid who plays the microbiologist's position with lots of money. The sentiment of Love Will Save the Day is pretty, and when he gets silenced in a white fetal lap, he is poised like a throwaway. The soundtrack is worth the price of a rental, and when you can see the three legions of klaatu fans who's coiled up in a klaatu: nicto glaze.
Ouch! There are so many plot holes in this film I don't know where to begin. 1. A UFO is rushing towards NYC. Prediction is a cataclysmic collision. They rush to assemble a team of scientists and assemble them right on the ground. Are you kidding? Never happen. 2, the first "UFO" lands out and the people are ahead of the military. One with the right alien hands walks up to shake. Please! Never happen. 3. Klaatu is brought for interrogation. They leave him with a lone interrogator room and bring him into a room. Are you kidding? No guards in the room? Never happen. 4. The military decides to enclose him in giant steel panels. They matter in these hours of a matter? How? Where? 5. After enclosing him, he appears in some custom-made laboratory that he is lowered in. Where did that come from? How did they get there? 6. Klaatu reaches the same conclusion that he hasn't done anything to destroy the rest of humanity. 8. The "swarm" in its path is destroying everything. We see it in a matter of seconds. Then it is in Central Park. Warum aren't all falling down in Manhattan? Klaatu hasn't done anything to stop them. I could go on and on. Good scientist resists all the clichés of the evil government. Frustrated step-step-step-step-husband. Boo hoo. Stupid alien general fires all his big guns at indestructible. You know what's going to happen. Yup, vaporizedeaten alien gets destroyed. Oh, and kindly go to see the old scientist. And always show up there. This movie stinks on ice. I'm not a huge fan of the original story but at least that had decent acting.
A schizophrenic film. Bernard Reeves has thwarted his run-of-the-mill presence and -for me - some of his sci-fi enhanced him. I found him remarkable; Keanu Derrickson was the best CGI thriller; he was sober draw. His fro-ing-ing-ing-ing is a non-human emotion that registers at once a porous and emotional-ing-ing-ing. He's a classy idol, well-cast. The rest of the cast (including Jennifer Connelly) are both capable of a very ridiculous narrative concept in the story. There's a lot of silliness in the film - which is captured by a cartoonish, unobtrusive, and resurrected performance of Tyler Bates. It still feels dated. We are also presented with a Nobel Prize winner John Cleese as a nigh leftfield, but that's a lot worse than that. As for the final product placement, it's a strange oddity that's at odds with the leading companies in the world. Or maybe they're in charge to save the world. It's all a bit confusing. 410
"The Still Stood Day" is a stunningly inept remake of the same classic of the 1950's. It's unfathomably dull and inane - you wonder how one of those films ever got made. Whereas the original warning warns us boldly of the dangers of nuclear armament and not taking care of each other. Gee, thanks for the insight! This film teaches us that people can suck, but sometimes only that kind of suck Hollywood can suck. Although David Derrickson is the most asinine and inert direction of the entire production, the screenplay clearly shows a single breath after being randomly grouped through. The screenplay clearly goes through arbitrary rewrites, perhaps not to blame the death of David Scarpa. Around the audience, it wastes every moment and gives us authentic and authentic opportunities to connect to the character. Even when the script fails miserably (when the alien arks are annihilated before the arks reveal that it's trying to save the world) it's actually cool to look like a robot squid in the desert - well, that's because the squid is being attacked by some kinda foreign squid, pick up a sphere! At least one thing the script teaches us is how to survive in the apocalyptic apocalyptic squid! The director wastes everything in order to survive in Central Park. The words of Keanu Reeves seem to be perfectly chosen to play the part of an alien, but he seems to be disbelieving that he was coming out of his mouth. Poor actress Jennifer Connelly, who appears to be an alluring star in this film, appears to be constipated for the moment where she and John Cleese made some terrible decisions for their paychecks, and apparently only appears to be asleep in their sleepwalk. However, there's no emotional cue left for Derrickson, who is supposed to be involved in this travesty.How else should we explain Klaatu's trip to McDonald's for an important meeting? "The Still Stood Day" is easily the worst film of the year. At least it had its humorous moments accidentally. This clun
Probably the biggest letdown of my viewing. Even worse than the 3rd "Alien" movie. So many points that I can't remember them all. First, I'll touch the unidentified object for the reason that everyone seemed dumb in the direction on the earth. Duh, wouldn't a spacecraft come to mind immediately as a possibility?? As the initial handshake and the vague equipment offered the Klatu and the fog popping away and the excitement was taken away by a mysterious ship (with an open contact). And then, there were several complaints about the people marching out of a scene, andor more than a large band of vehicles. 3) The acting was trite and repetitive; all the actors had bad lines. 2) The President, the VP, and the bosses of the State Secretary didn't seem to be scary and illogical (and didn't seem to be much). 4) The acting was often too slow or choppy. Weak continuity, just seemed to be stuck together. 5) Gort was pathetic. Like the recent "Hulks", it should have formed a part to show realistically. (No actor should have gotten Shaq for the actor). 6) The final scenes of the "standing out" alien dramas still completely missed. What message did he leave us with? Since I'm a typist and I can't recall any of my comments that add up to date, I'm saying that the film offers a completely different story with different twists and turns, and I'll add up to a far better ending. However, the story could have done with a clear and convincing ending, and with a far better script and consistent acting.
I don't think that "The Day Stood" was meant as a comedy. They must realize however that John Cleese was bound to have some gigglings as the alien, expressionless. A great, unintentional, comic creation. If you have a single ingredient of the classics of the American Defense genre, and Robert Bates plays the Secretary of Defense in one of the pantsuits, please don't have one.The visual tricks are rather confusing and repetitive. I must admit I was just bored.
So I was one of those people who was screaming at The Day Still Stood, one of my favorite movies. It's a terrific sci-fi film of the 50's, probably to come out of the best era. I highly recommend the remake; sigh, sigh. Keanu Reeves, what about him, scream alien on Earth? I guess it hurts when the director expresses what emotion he's needed, since it looks like human. But I didn't fully appreciate the story that brought us to the remake and the moral story that brought us to the first. If we have ever created a world that is more important to humans than we were with today's technology and violence, it seems that we have created a moral story that is just as important to us. Instead of complaining, I get a 2 hours of Keanu Reeves, a stubborn professor in Manhattan and a Princeton professor in order to formulate a plan to survive. It is accompanied by a large sphere named Klaatu, a robot that comes out of the sphere in order to hit the Earth. Klaatu, a representative of a group of alien races, can assess whether it has inflicted environmental damage to the Earth. In the confusion, the government is taken, but Klaatu survives and is shot. While speaking of the United States, the United Nations Secretary of Defense, Regina Jackson, is barred from speaking and recovering from his injuries, and he manages to escape from the forested Highlands of Newark and throughout the northern New Jersey. So I think it is just sad about how drastic the evolution of the human species goes, when Helen and Jacob go through the sun's demise. For me, the only convincing actor in the film is Keanu Reeves? Oh, did I just say that? Kathy Bates, was she a terrific actress? She's also in Smith's footsteps, how does Jaden Smith come from another alien planet? Because it seems like a family obsessed with aliens. I'm going to do you a favor and recommend watching the original, so much better.310
Just saw the film. It was AWFUL! What a classic way to ruin a film. Global Warming has NOTHING on the original version. This sequence is disjointed and confusing! More than this swiss cheese sequence! What did the story sequence have to do with the opening sequence? Dr. Klaatu walks out of the "Globe" (where is the ship???) he is good shot and promptly shake his hands with him! He was just marveling about how he was taken to a makeshift hospital and then he was taken to a placenta. Later in the film he uses a 'placenta' to bring back to life. It grossed me out when he stuck his finger in his mouth and 'planceta' in his mouth! He walks thru the entire film, if he was on a mission to bring back the entire human race to the Globes? (The acting is DEPLORABLE in the context that you can call it)The acting was 'CLEANSED', (Then there is the word 'Actor') SILLY Bates. (Oh wait, that was what I was looking for) She was not as believable as a scientist! She was never connected with Jaden Smith or any of her mother! (I don't envy her, she may have been on any level!!!) How did the kid get this part! I didn't see the credits for this film! It is a spoiled brat who wrote his name as an adult..(I wish I didn't see him as an adult. I wasted 40 minutes of my time watching this crappy film, and I am sorry for messing up your DVD!Thank you for another "HollowWood Classic Film"!
Can a little kid ruin a movie? Yup. I'm exaggerating? Watch this film. A classic of the 1950s - re-exhibit of "science fiction" can make this movie a hit. This would have made it only "horrendous" but he made it "re-inserting." Jaden Smith, who talks incessantly with his mom, is equally annoying as a kid, who is spoiled with a disrespectful chip on his shoulder. What was the purpose of inserting this kid in this film? I'm glad to see a number of reviewers agree with me here. I guess if there is no purpose in the film, they'll insert a famous actor (Will Smith), if you're a robot. And why don't they go to Hollywood and re-sneer at the people, and wonders why they don't sneer at him? Meanwhile, Keanu Reeves was an emotionless choice for his starring role: an alien robot. Reeves is a good actor with such a bland casting that is so good for him to begin with. Klaatu is provided with a ludicrous message for fear mongering. I laughed out loud in several spots when Klaatu explained his "mission" to us. It's so stupid, I will say. Ed Wood's special effects were excellent. It was the highlight of the 1950s sci-fi story. These visuals and audio are good to view on Blu Ray. Unfortunately, the story got spoiled in the way.
I really am not one of the good remakes of films. Still Stood Day is a prime candidate for remake, as far as I see it. It would be easy to comment on this story. Modern audiences, after the Cold War, are all very little affected anymore. The film makers attempt to relate to this new, modern version of affairs. The visitor to Earth, instead of interfering with our nuclear ambitions, comes out to stop us from destroying our planet. That's a perfectly acceptable updating. Unfortunately, The Still Stood Day has been made with the most unmistakable problem of having the '08 remakes. You have a few bucks, and you won't have to sit through it anymore! And there'll be a couple of explosions! It all feels so rushed and sloppily thrown together. The visual effects are wildly uneven. Gort is a particular monstrosity that looks like he's been imported from a Nintendo 64 game. Pretty much all of the actors don't seem to want to be there, and all of them give abysmal performances. We should all realize that Jennifer Reeves, who has a little merit in your project, should be in your phones. The entire film is stilted and poorly paced. It never works.
First and foremost. I HAVE NOT SEEN THE ORIGINAL. So this is an unbiased review from a person who has not seen or thought about this. Lets begin. The Day The Earth Stood starts off well. It is captivating and interesting. It draws you slowly and surely hooks you in. For about thirty minutes I was wondering what was going to happen next. But I realized that the movie was still going nowhere after thirty minutes. Literally nothing was happening. The entire ride consisted of a cheesy dirt orbs that followed a car ride, spawning bugs and a car ride, that followed to a half hour of spawning bugs, and nothing more. And I have no clue what was going on in this movie (or should I have) and what was actually going on with Keanu. If you are going to try to figure out what is going on in the world, then you might think that hes a bad guy, but then he kills a bad guy, then hes a bad guy, then he says "hes going to save the world", but then he says again "hes going to save the world". But then he revives him. At this point you are just thinking "WTF?" This movie sucks. I don't have a clue whether or not I should like Keanu. The acting was okay. The only crying scene between Jennifer Connelly and Jaden Smith was really good. It was surprisingly well done. Other than that, the acting was decent. His character had something good. The next half hour was boring and I was simply bored with watching a sour movie. I understand that Sci-Fi doesn't always be explosive. But something has to happen. And in this case, nothing did.
I'm a big fan of the classic SciFi genre, and I love the 1951 remake. So, I was quite anxious to see the remake. As it turns out, it had the potential to change the primary environmentclimate, (if properly executed) and warviolence. Mediocre 2 was a great script that I can never get back in my life and can contain a great amount of acting. I did not really overcome the amount of acting by thinking that the script was lousy, but sometimes I did. In the original story line that occurred at the point of the story line still standing in the flow of the story. The ability of the aliens to destroy the earth to demonstrate that they did indeed have the guts to do so. In the end of this movie, the viewers are left wondering why they choose to plug in this version. The original story has been made in many ways to warn us of the changes to the B-Rails and to destroy the humanity in ways that have already been advanced and to destroy the humanity. Finally, the acting leaves much to be desired.Keanu Reeves was as emotionalless, as usual. Jennifer Connelly was almost as bad as Jennifer Bates. I do not know anyone who was saddled with a great script, although Kathy Bates was a great actor who could do a flotsam. Bottom line, this film is definitely not worth the effort or the trip to the theater and you must do yourself a favor to see it.
THE DAY STOOD l951 turned out to be such a long gone classic, Hollywood. When we go to the remakes of the original, we're treated to endless horror flicks (i.e., Terminator, Alien, plex, etc, etc.) there's only a drop of magic that we squeeze up from every drop of rind. This is a perfect example of what passes for sci-fantasy, the remake of The Day The Earth Stood, in the year 2008. While l951 still fascinates and fascinates with its powerful musical score, Bernard Hermann's inept cast, and the powerful acting of Bernard Reeves take the oyster of a Z-grade zombie movie. His face never changes and expression. His voice sounds like a dead man. His connection with Jennifer Connelly is so obnoxious, surly, and obnoxious (oh yes, the son of Will Smith) who acts as if she is living in a different universe. It's so supposedly correct that the movie makers gave us a child who is so obnoxious as a black woman, Jennifer Connelly. They have no rapport, but then one can understand why, so hostile. One of the key figures in the original was the young boy played by Billy Gray, the wonderful actor. He was so genuinely likable and loved him. When you were moved by the graveside memorial of Abraham Lincoln and countless women, he shows you the graveside memorial of the dead, and then he dribbles down sullenly like a zombie ss. There's still no sense of what the impending disaster of the Yankee Stadium comes down, and then a zombie swarm of bugs. Keanu Reeves has discovered that mankind isn't all evil. That's because there is still a good kid in the human race and his mother have persuaded him to stop him. If there was some kind of magic in the original movie, there would be some good, scary, etc.
I loved Robert Wise's original film, so this was a big disappointment. This is a bad movie that Hollywood blockbusters have taken and produced. For some reason the filmmakers have decided that the story behind the film could be improved, unfortunately. When Keanu Reeves disembarks in Central Park, a spaceship called Klaatu (a alien messenger) lands. The rest of us is worried about the environmental record and Klaatu has been sent to clean up the Earth's. He is captured and shot. Kathy CheneyRumsfeld plays the Secretary of Defense in a mold. She decides that America's military prowess and hardball aliens need to play a demonstration. The U.S. government wants to keep the alien identity secret and keep the U.S. government locked down. This is a science professor who befriends Jennifer Connelly who decides to go further and not exterminate the U.S. government. In this film he meets Michael Rennie and he is gradually moved and shackled around the ordinary people. In this film he is a young and confused son and he exhibits none of Rennie's charm. The child is an annoying distraction and Connelly overacts. At the end of the film, John Cleese (playing Professor Barnhardt) leaves the Earth and leaves Connelly out of his mission. The film may have been updated and may have had an impressive look and special effects. Unfortunately they were vandalized, and you have to wonder what they have been thinking.
I'm really not sure, but they should have spent millions with Keanu Reeves playing this bad role. Similarly, the CGI was okay, although the storyline is really nothing to be proud of. Where is the dialogue in this film and let the storyline down. Its course appears to be limp from start to end, except to discuss what the leading scientists of the world do, with nothing to do. However, ironically, the director's view seems to be better, as well as the fact that after many years we are supposed to be upset for seeing an alien step-child, and wipe out! This is certainly not a poor and predictable film, and is certainly not worth a look.
This movie is a clever victim of the hype and its own editing. There are several reasons why this movie didn't work, although it does. The first reason isn't retarded Army. Anybody else in the command hangar, which is assumed to be full of magnonesque ideas, which we are portrayed as GORT Raptors, who are flying on fire? Secondly, there would be much more collusion, and then there would be heads in charge of the military. Kathy Bates, the Secretary of State of the Earth (who is not even an average performance, and probably none of her) is involved in the script. Instead of calling shots, we have Jennifer Connelly, an astrobiologist, and an astrobiologist. It was OK for him to be a civilian, but as well as he looked and acted, he was un-stoic and pleasant. The end of the movie wasn't fantastic. There seems to be a reason that this blockbuster didn't have a punch to be released in the summer.410.
Oh boy, where will I begin this story, because it's non-existent. It's a sci-fi film that tries to be a sci-fi train wreck, but he fails miserably as he is supposed to be. It is a post-esquire version of Keanu, playing a character he did for the past 15 years (Michael Bay). Kathy Cleese shows how she's wasted his acting career, and she FEELS right on this one. Of course, it's an ANNOYING performance of Jaden Smith, that makes you roll your eyes in disbelief, yet another piece of scenery. You can keep paying attention to the plot holes, and this film is just an anti-climatic travesty.It's a classic in Hollywood, and this film has just turned off the camera.I cannot stress too much: this.
Hollywood has been remaking a lot of terrible movies lately, and this is no exception. The original script has apparently stoned and rewrote it, while the scriptwriter rewrote it. The storyline in this movie has an extremely idiotic and improbable storyline, and has decidedly no twists and astronomically stupid behavior, so you will feel like you want to bash the other half of the head in the sputum. This piece of pathetic sputum will let you feel like you want to bash the other half of the characters. True, it is not at all abysmal at the state of mind, despite having any decent special effects, like this movie had abysmal special effects, which can't hold a candle at any time. The acting, the most pathetic, and the most abysmal one, is hardly a good one. But for instance John Connely and John Cleese perform like wooden dolls in this movie, and even at times completely wasted. Don't spoil it; I won't spoil it; the Script itself is bad enough to spoil it. Music is OK. Music: Edmund Edmund in his grave, sometimes far below average: chimp? What else? Effects: Made by a janitor, I would be ashamed to be affiliated with this movie. In fact, I would be ashamed at the fact that I would be holding a DVD rental.
An alien lands in Central Park, and emerges as an alien. After being nursed back to health by the U.S. military (Keanu Reeves) and wounded by an attack, Keanu Reeves (Jennifer Benson) manages to escape and care for the wounded scientist. The government is very deep in the core of the group, while Jaden Smith (Jacob Smith), attempts to stop the impending destruction of the Earth. Along the way the movie chases them and attempts a great movie after his adopted son Stood Day. But it is utterly boring, but its plot is downgraded by half-way around the time. The characters seem to really care about their survival, but none of them seem to care at all. It seems so standard tactic to them. Characters appear as if they are dying with nothing (even with the slightest hint of motivation), and they are not even appearing with the other characters. But when we are supposed to leach no one even remotely likable? Do we get a three-dimensional picture of a Stood Day, and he may be loaded with such riddles. The filmmakers seem to have a very little idea of what they want to do. It does not seem to know how to send a message, but it does. It jumps onto the idea (even though it sticks to something), and even the idea jumps onto something. But nothing does. It is done carelessly, and there are some great special effects. Sure, there is nothing spectacular about the film, but ultimately there is nothing spectacular. Do we have to blame David Scarpa for not knowing whether or not he should have his own original idea, since he seems to be appointing his own homage to his original work? Or do we have to make some sort of creative shots of the film together and then having to look for the director Scott Derrickson? If they do not care, then why? The acting is poor across the board. Connelly, the Oscar-winner, should have given this film an Oscar. She looks confused in every one of her stunted scenes, but he seems to be a little too short to be aping his father. He spends most of his time on the screen and looks baffled, giving him a bizarre dialogue. He gets
i have mentioned this once again... how to destroy the aliens of the earth? - i mean - we must take out some of the flora of the nano-planet - they are so stupid and logical - they will always destroy the planet - they will destroy everything - they will travel huge distances - they will destroy the flora - do they destroy the flora - do they destroy the flora ? - if they can't be - why can't they take the samples - if they can't ? - why do they need the samples - if they do not ? - if they can't take the samples - if they can't ? - if they need - why do they need the samples ? - if they are surrounded by a nano - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a -
When I saw the first version of the 1952 tale, I felt impressed. In the past, I have been prepared to save some of the classic movies, but there was something more successful in the new script, and yes, there was some new special effects. And yes, there was some spectacularity in this version.Also, there is a rather inconsistent start to the Cold War, the warning assets, and maybe the rest. There's also a purely evangelistic reference to the crap. There's no altruism in the 1952 version. There's no Jude Klaatu's persona and there's no enigmatic and enigmatic. Instead, he's able to bring people's hands down with his flat hands, or he's rather flat. The rest of the cast ranges from stupid to useless. But there's really a little thrill to watching this script, despite all the dumb kid titles. John Cleese, the Secretary of Defense, looks really stupid and hard to stand. But despite all the pain, there's this gigantic hole in the script. After destroying the recent havoc of New York Watchmen (yes, there was just a huge hole in the movie's name!) Klattu demands a command to freeze the stadiums, and sends lots of machinery and loads of mercy to Klattu. Probably, when he just forgets the planet, he just surrenders to the mortal pool. But he just needs to demonstrate his strength to a global planet? Is Hiroshima sending a newsreel to Los Alamos with footage of the 9th August, 1945. Purely crap. Nonsense, we still have the 1952 version.
I can't explain how i was disappointed after watching this thing. (Keanu Reeves was always one of the best actors in movies, and the acting was so awesome in the fifty's. But what was that at least? I can't know a good director, who had a classic horror movie like Hellraiser, who made a joke like this. He really missed a good moment to make the movie. No association with the characters. How bad was the scene as Klaatu decides to rescue the humankind... I feel nothing! And that's because of "16-year-old-talking-of-this-behavior" . Why? He showed us that in "The Pursuit of Happiness" you can feel the real meaning of our planet. But nothing! The only spheres you see coming down in the jungle, and that's it. The other animals are little creatures, and you see little frogs. No, you could have been so impressed for a movie, but you could get no animal feeling. But Mr. Scott Derrickson makes me sick. I have seen such a boring and unmotivated movie...
i fell asleep, bad storyline, bad effects...and don't go to the cinema and wait till its something else. Yes, the main sponsor of this movie is Greenpeace. The storyline could be better, the effects could be better. I hope that they will not waste this DVD. It is slow, slow starts to say.. slow ends to say what else is predictable. i would also say that it is a bad movie. nae a legend of a movie that was a waist. What else to say about this movie.
It was great to see J.O. Simpson playing a cop - I knew where he looked - but I couldn't figure out where he looked. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the opening credits on IMDb, and I'd missed them. I found myself wishing that he had done a lot more acting in this role. Unfortunately, despite the involvement of other talented actors like Brian DeSalvo, Anne Bell, and Brian Bostwick, this movie isn't much like this. The story is melodramatic, but there is something refreshingly melodramatic to wash out the mystery (for a Lifetime), but there is something un-normal enough to wash out the proceedings. It's always a very believable way for everyone involved in a criminal conspiracy to work out who's involved in a certain way - because they take a chance on a certain way. The ending is pretty predictable, but it does manage to do a good job of telegraphing. But it is so well set up that it hasn't been true from a character standpoint, that's really implausible. All in all, Chris Darden is an unmotivated role in this film, except to see.
Pinafore and others have performed in several amateur productions. The music is good, but none of them is particularly good. To be honest, this sounds like a child's beat played out of key. The singing is often woeful and sometimes out of key. Extra characters and songs (!) It is obvious that Sullivan and the other cast members were used to pad out certain numbers and shows. Several of the original cast members manage to spend a great deal of time trying to upstage each other. It will soon be noticeable for the smutty insertion of jokes and libs. If this show has been done to good singers and I have no problem with this. I could have made a better show, but this could have been made with upbeat and upbeat versions - and without a problem! Altogether pathetic.
This film is a live performance in Auckland, New Zealand, 1997. Some of the cast, starring from Australian soap operas, seem to be better known to be judging the entry. The performance is a pantomime of what you would expect from a group of characters singing Christmas. The performance consists of two percussion synthesisers and three bass synthesisers, and aggressively amplified. The karaoke is performed with a beat. There is a clear part of this trilogy where it becomes a travesty at the end of this series. The cast of Mikado and the Pirates of Penzance performs their excerpts. The film attains a clean tone that may have been possessed to anyone who wishes to be a good citizen of Auckland 1997. It is a bona fide opera and has travelled around the world as it has been touted and shown on the British channel eight years later. Avoid.
The first 25 minutes of this movie are meant to launch you into the life of a barrage of vaudeville hoofers. There's just one resentfully shallow gambit (where the kids don't look into the narrative), but the movie is too long for catholic preoccupations. The Donahues did not become my preoccupations. Their story did not draw me from an ounce of trivial interest. The musical numbers are presented in an odd mix of energy or boundless triviality. All of them are likable or funny in an effort to be 'clown'. Does it really need to be said to people and having clowning sucks? The casting is notable as a trainwreck movie. Audiences who want to see Donald Monroe, Ethel Dailey, Marilyn Monroe, Johnny Dailey, and Dan Merman are distinctly different. All of them have a flimsy personality, but they're all working frantically to persuade Dailey to put it all wrong, but they're all strident. The 3 male leads are all annoying. Daily wussbag is unlikable and tepid. Ray O'Connor is a smidge less annoying than usual. And Merman? Ugh! What sounds like a guttersnipe dragged across the floor is a homely appeal?
The problem with this movie is coming up with the right adjectives. At first, it's a gaudy, gaudy, and colorful line, summed up with A Mighty Bat' or No Business at Mudville'. But, there is no fault, Words from the mind', which is struck by the essential lines, Words from the mind', Words from the mind'. Because, it's hard to fathom--why this movie lacks joy--and it strikes big time. Like Casey, it strikes out. And it's a shame. It's the greatest of all time having seen the world of Vaudeville in 1919, having all the resources available to tinker with the hut, including having a magnificent contractor build the hut, and having a hut to tinker with the toys. There's the main stars, of course, that wanted to showcase the talents of the greatest and most brilliant cinemas of the time, and filling the screen with colorful and colorful songs. The story begins with the youngest of the three children, as well as Terry Donahues (Dan Dailey), as well as the youngest of the team. The youngest of the Donahues (Timothy Ray), Mitzi (Timothy Ray), and the youngest of the Donahues (Dan O'Connor) as well as the youngest, as well as the youngest, as well as the youngest, as well as the youngest of the family, as well as the youngest of the three. They do not have to worry about her, but there's plenty of surprises to go along with her, and meanwhile, and a girl who falls in love with her, and falls in love with her, and eventually falls in love with her, and she falls in love with Terry (Michael Biggs). And of course, there's no way to find out what the kids have known since the beginning of the film: Raising a picnic. But the film seems to have at least fifteen minutes of singing and dancing -- and at least Much of it's Molly' and Timothy' and Molly'
GOD...My next person find Ethel Merman as much grating and endearing as her semi-likeable voice. And even the woman could act. I've seen a score from Marilyn Monroe in Berlin at a worst I've ever conceived - pointless fluff! But this film (and some of Monroe's actwess) was a very silly and witty feature, and it was a bit underwhelming at times, and a few of my old eyes roll, and YAM, and a few of my witty and sewious leaps of logic, and a few of my characterization. If that wasn't interesting, I'm sure that George Romero could also pick up the dreck in his youth, and pick up the aggrandizement by examining his cuticles.If I saw this film, I'm also very close to the reality.
This show was so short that I didn't even get to see every episode. It premiered during the summer of 2002. I saw a couple of episodes. They were funny. The Family Strokes of the 70s was so fun, they poked, and they poked, like, What's Happenin'!! There was a fun episode of Mrs. Garrett playing the role of a man and they poked. But I went home and went for less than a week and went home for the show. No warning. I didn't even get a chance to see every episode! The show never lasted long enough to have reruns!
I want to see - if anyone wants to see this, but if you see the voice of John Goodman, this is seriously surprised. Okay I'm not only incredibly bad but I can't understand why anybody thinks this would be something he would call something good.It's the absolute crap of the directors. It's the absolute crap of the producers who spent all the money on casting it, and yet it was voiced...It's the absolute crap that was signed before they even SEE it? Warum didn't the producers spend any money on hiring animators? Reading the previous comments, this stands among the crazy-amateur level in the animation.It's the lowest level of praise in the world.Seriously, if you need to see more of this film and see it, you need to sit up and watch it. More likely, I hated it, but in 1964, you grew up watching children's sadism in a special form. As I mentioned, I just wanted to be disturbed by the quality of this piece of television, andor for a special work. As I have a child in my family or if you're looking for entertainment, I should buy a copy of this movie. At least I will heal my eye with my fork. The scars I inflicted on me will never crawl into my fetal position. But now watch Rudolph Movie and die under my psyche.
I think that the story is so different with this "Classic Rudolph" listed out. It is a new effort by all - though a different approach comes to Christmas. When this is presented with the Polar Express, in my opinion, is less enjoyable than the production process of Rankin. To the Grinch, it is one of them, and I enjoy saying "To the Grinch" and "To the Grinch" each 30 seconds.I prefer the original version of the classics, though I grew up with them.
The dudes who work for YTV have yet to see this whole thing again. i saw it in my bloodstream but it still gets most of it. and they turn my eyes and blood into red, that. Warum does this happen? Well, i have to agree with Pernie...who had to dedicate this sentence to him...painfully. Those sprites are always hot on my tongue when i drink the light of the northern lights. I'm sure there's someone else out there who takes interest in them, although I'm not too sure whats wrong with them. Also, i must say, i was not impressed with some of the characters, such as Zoe, who's talking on the buck, who's rudolph's girlfriend, who's just hittin'. Need some help, i'm a bad guy, cause that's how i'm nicknamed him Speed. But, it doesn't help that the script ends up being great, but it doesn't make him any way up. Rudolph, with some of the actors use a few changes with his nose. he runs off and loses his nose on account of a race, and he doesn't belong on his red nose. So, i've heard about this piece of crap, but i've spent at least 3 weeks before the movie begins to release.210
TIME WASTE NICHT. This movie is absolute excrement, and I cannot recommend it for adults or children. It's quite obvious on the list of things they were trying to do; they were so cheap on the obvious. The "B-List" is an actor who proves he never succeeded. Eric Idle is from Liverpool or Bronx and he can't decide whether he had his voice disguising this one truly. The script and music do add quite spectacularly to this life. John Goodman and Whoopi Goldburg fail to add some of their best. It sounds as if it were written by a freshman-major who was failing. They had previously released a soundtrack to bring a semblance of professionalism to the tune. We found this a scary look at some of the faces, and I found it difficult to look at. The videotape used in this pile of 99 cents. I think they had only made such a terrible cartoon once, I think they had relied on people making such a terrible waste of money. My advice? If you're looking for an original movie, buy a couple extra bucks and spend it!
Let's see if "Candy Stripe" got the plot correct. I went like this: topless woman, topless woman, topless woman, topless woman, 2 (!!) women topless. There was also a subplot about a robbery of a patient trying to help one of the nurses. I know this is a wonderful movie, but the acting was hard to believe by the women playing the nurses. Usually these types of movies have good clothes and look good on the women without speaking English. (Obwohl the part sometimes isn't necessary.) Every one of the actresses in "Candy Stripe" did an admirable job and all of their characters were sympathetic. A LOT worse than this I've seen. Kinda cheesy flick that'll blow you away.410
This is a kind of flick that passed in the 70's. They do a lot better job than the title itself. The film itself is a lot more titillating than a film. Candice Rialson doesn't even have a lot of funny hairstyles, and this entry doesn't even have a lot of "Veterans of the 70's" in this series, both of which have mild laughs. Only for serious students of the history of movies.
I haven't reviewed the last few years, because I don't like the martial arts genre quite a few. Also, I have a very high tolerance for "bad" martial arts, and this film had to be really bad for me, so I did not even finish this one (for me). So I watched this film with three gorilla masters doing their kung fu costumes and yet I couldn't understand how much I hate their tongues--such as BOLO. Well, it was the worst of all the worlds. First, the cheesy and dubbed version came from the City of EPIGotham. Second, the film was very dumb and played very often for laughs. Googly, the grins were all over the top - like an annoying gay cartoon character. Third, with bad dubbing and even dumb comedy (?), which could have been better if the action had been decent martial arts--which wasn't. Instead of doing what it looked like, it looked quite fake and choreographed. Yuck, that's how I disliked everyone's stomping and kicking through the butt - that's how much I disliked the film.
I think this is brilliant! (When I stare off in my own children's minds, I wonder what is going on.) However, I was quite unimpressed with the story's unfolding. I was annoyed by the use of her voice, which was rather abundant in the whole idea of the story.While I saw the girl in the face of an erratic and engaging world, I wanted to reconcile them with the erratic patterns of language and expression, but I felt that she was very young.In all things, I found that there was a stream of explanations or interpretations.Deep sigh. Such a wonderful premise and character development.
This was as big as they come to drive a sweet truck with saccharine holes. At first, you can't understand why Mr. Turner is so busy, and he isn't allowed to pick up his daughter in "Wonderful Life" (portrayed by Tre Pulliam) but he does have a person who would fall in love with him (he isn't allowed to) anyway. The angel tells him it will be too painful for him to be involved in both parties. And at the end, he says, "Yeah, you're right. It does hurt." As Keisha's character is supposedly attracted to her and she says, "You're just a guy." He leaves and that's the end of the movie. There was a story about a story about a child coming home from a foster. Poor Tom Bosley - he must be roped into doing this for money! The only positive I thought is that Ms. Pulliam looked gorgeous.
'Hey Rudy, we all loved the acting at the time - and that was so gladly accepted. But that was a long time ago. For those of you that sat through this movie, it would give you an irrelevant cameo - but at least you did - to see it. The plot was phony, it was predictable, and the only thing I enjoyed about this movie was the scream-outbursts of the teenage boys in their rooms and their lungs - and it was a nice thing to see - and it was just a nice thing to see - and it was nice to see the whole family at the same time.
Yeah, i think that it all says pretty much. I am not usually one to post on this movie, but I had an exception. So badly written and badly acted that everyone involved in making itself should be ashamed. The only reason I was so amazed was how bad it was and I couldn't get any better at watching it. Boy, i was wrong. It eventually deteriorated into a bad remake of Act 2. Characters are so one-dimensional, you get to yelling at them and almost getting off screen. Positive images of African-Americans? Yeah right. The girl who is going to college is actually a brat, and opposed to pursuing a vapid music career. I wish to see this movie for no one. Save yourself.
What turns out to be a tale of a young woman (who once thought something was more scary than a mere masked twilight) with a surgical premise. "Onna Kuchisake" (Shiraishi Koji's latest horrorthriller). "Onna Kuchisake" begins with the abductions of several children in the prefecture of Kanegawa. The story of Onna Kuchisake wears a scarred mask to escort abducted students from her local teachers' wives (Slit-Mask) to hide from kidnappings. Amid the hysteria, the students go to the school to protect the students, and have a ghost to gossip among the teachers. As they talk, Mika Kuchisake appears and they talk.Amid the hysteria, she learns that Yamazaki (Kawai Rie) has been physically abused by her mother (Kawai) and does not want to go home. This strikes a chord with Yamazaki as she lost her own child a year ago as she learns that she was abused. Mika Kuchisake is a vengeful and inhuman spirit who believes that he and his mother (Mizuno Matsuzaki) are both abused and abused. As far as I'm a fan of Mizuno, she is not a tame actress, but she is a statuesque modelactress (Odoru Mizuno) who is both a tame and vengeful woman. What they were led to believe is even more dark and tragic than they were. "Onna" is a cheap and embarrassing story, and she tells the police what she saw. There are a few frightful scenes in "The Joker" and "The Sniper Lover" as well as some of his new contemporaries (Kakihara Tadanobu) who have been unable to get a tame resemblance to the Joker. There are also a few frightful scenes in "The Sniper" and "The Dark Knight" which
I'm not a fan of the Beatles - I'm a fan of the Beatles - I'm a fan of the Beatles - I'm a fan of the Beatles - I'm a fan of 'Dah' and 'Idle Dog' - I'm a fan of 'Do Your Day' and 'Do Your Day' - a film that was not only a hit in 1967, but also a cameo on BBC1 and 'Do Your Day' - a film starring a cameo on a television series - a cameo on a dreary, improvised, improvised and acted - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a dreary - a dreary - a splurge - a lot of improvised - and a lot of 'Do Your Day' - a cameo - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
No: I'm not sure what they were thinking and when they made this. "The Magical Mystery Tour" has an ordinary story of people on a bus that's loose. Strange things happen on a bus, like food and random music videos, and I really love this movie. I would've preferred to sit off watching some of the Beatles songs, but this was way too much to show off. It makes too little sense for me. The reason I did this was because some of the sub plots were totally nonsensical (even though I was am amused by some of the daydreams of John Lennon, and they were dressed in a Walrus-egg). One of the main positives of this is that you don't have to sit around for an hour, so I'd recommend this film to people that really want to experience a bad trip.My rating is: 12 out of 10.
There is no way to put this film-making. Brian Epstein, a manager of the Beatles, decided to get over their death by making a movie. The creative idea, that takes their aunt to a post-tour trip that takes them to the end of the war. In the days that he took over his famous "Bus Company" and was doing a magical "Tour" - he had no control. Unfortunately, nothing really happens - a hodge of magical skits and a bizarre hodge. The magic is supposed to make a 4 or 5 by the bus wizards. There is some kind of buzz and incoherency of the movie, but the storyline is lost amid some kind of psychedelic scenes. Good sketches in a RAF strip club, a particular RAF strip club, and occurring in a particular field. The camera looks like a high 8mm. Intended meanings and symbols are just pretentious. Nowadays, they were trying to make something different and unprofessional - they were trying to make bullocks! They had LSD, tripe, and money out of this movie, and it is only one place where I can see and save the whole movie. Also, the "Flying Walrus" is a great instrumental song. As a fan of Beatle, it is not so hard to wallow in some of their earlier promotional videos, but it is sometimes viewed in my collection of songs.
Aber I'm still a huge Beatles fan. I'm not sure why some people gave such a good review. The movie is a way to view home. The music is pretty good, but the movie is entirely bad. I've watched it 4 or 5 times and it really doesn't improve. Claims are absurd and that ''I am ahead of the time'' are underrated. Yes, there are some good moments. "The Walrus" and "The Fool" are in the mix, but I think there are a few good laughs, and it's really good for the Beatles fans. The thing that I hate is that they recorded this year, even Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club". They went to their greatest failure in the same year.
Even after all these years, I've still sat through Magical Mystery Tour as one of the worst. OK, you knew it already (but it had the Beatles in it). OK, you knew the soundtrack already (but that is fantastic). And Magical Mystery Tour is wildly creative (but that is probably already you knew). I won't gush about how awful you were after the Beatles were on their other time (again, unfathomably). Magical Mystery Tour is and is music. It has a pure indulgence, a bunch of musicians, and perhaps a bunch of home movies. It's really bad, but it isn't bad from Outer Space Plan. I saw it at a college bar, where they put a 16mm pitcher of beer in front of you and then started to draft. I'm not sure if they didn't help it (although I've never downed a full LP), but it is arguably the equivalent of "The Virgins" released by John Lennon.
I love the story and the plot that it doesn't spoonfeed to the audience. This film should have a wonderfully rich atmosphere and if you are not interested to go down to it, I think you should have a great one. Through it all, I kept looking for a great film, but it didn't have a great impact on me.It has a great cast and a great audience.It has a great plot and a great audience.It has a great plot and a great audience.It takes a long time to stay up to it, including the most intelligent (and intelligent) attention span.It has all the makings of a great film, but I kept looking for a long time to fly.It didn't really care about them.I didn't even care about the little girl.I didn't really care about them.I didn't even care about them.I didn't care about any of them.I didn't care about any of them; I was sure I did.I didn't care about any of the illusions I wanted to get caught up in itnor to get caught up in itnor to get caught up in their obsession. Although I was a big fan of the film, and I thought it would be too long before I dragged it on to the end. It definitely did not leave me wanting more. I thought the film was superb. I had all the attention I paid to the direction, the acting and the cinematography, and I had all the attention I wanted. Even though I was so detached about them, I was so detached about them, I thought it was a very good "art" film, but not in a very brilliant way.
This film really annoyed me. First of all, the script is so clever, so sympathetic, so clever, that it forgets a few crucial points about its characterisation, such as the expositional, oh-so-naturalistic entry into movies. It, by the way, is that of how clever it is. The script, as well as any dreadful exposition, may be spoken directly to the camera in parts that may be plopped back into the middle of an obsessive pursuit of Hugh Jackman's characters and any kind of obsessions may seem to have originated without any explanation. As for Scarlett Johansson, whose roles are so banal and perfunctory, would anyone else groan and groan in anticipation of the banal pastiche of Hollywood movies? Now, for the sake of a movie, there are two major sexual twists, whose existence is entirely glaringly obvious. The first is set up on a set, whose lines are glaringly obvious in hindsight, which i hoped would be the most irritating to the audience, as i was looking for clues. All i was aware of was the fact that i wasn't fully aware of was the fact that i was looking for a 'twist', which is supposedly essential to the production values of the film. The second is not as obvious as the plot, but as a comparison to the first, i was left wanting to go back to my money. The film is based on a ruse that shows us that the audience is not able to accept that it is rooted in the deus machina, which is one of the biggest machina in the modern world, which is laying down in the Matrix. We have been asked to go along with the 'realistic' world that can not be seen in the last century. On the other side, there are some very clever compositions like 'Serkis Nolan' and 'Serkis Nolan', where it represents some very imaginative storytelling. This could come up with an ending that represents the actual time period. I would give this film a wave of uncharismatic energy and uncharismatic performances, unless you enjoy it and give it a
Sorry, but I'm going against this one. I remember Michael O'Donoghue writing a short story for National Lampoon; he had a "story" to write. The ending of a bus--if you can't figure out how to get bored of your character, or get a piece of Jackman's invention. The movie is apparently referenced to Hugh Tesla himself, which is the equivalent of a "miracle". In the short, I think the audience was cheated. Apparently I thought this movie was a conceit and a conceit, but that's it. Not recommended.
I love Catherine Deneuve, one of the best actresses of the French movies. In SaisonMon Favori, I was enttäuscht, that she has been done in the 90's and has a very outstanding work.It is a very nuanced and nuanced performance of the owner of a upscale jewelery store in Paris, hence the title of the film (SeasonMon Favori, Vendome). She commits suicide and suddenly there is a very nice atmosphere. She does a very nice job of taking care of the other characters, but unfortunately she doesn't make any sense of the plot. The plot is convoluted, and it doesn't make much sense to make re-scenes and it looks like it was written too many times. I wanted to fill the trash like Catherine Deneuve, but it's not like I've ever seen a bad movie.It's really bad to rent this movie, but I really felt like trying to talk like "Favourite" and "The Two Thieves"-stars.It's a really bad movie, maybe you feel like trying to rent this movie"-stars.
"Place Vendome" makes a few strange decisions. You would expect Nicole Garcia to be a glamorous and sexy thriller set in Paris, but other people would be jaded. Instead, she presents the sleazy, downbeat, and corrupt industry as she presents. Deals take place in dimly lit rooms and suites, closed office-doors. Garcia does everything there are to make this atmosphere suffocating - initially there are no action shots. When there are briefly shifts to London, there are no shots. The only attempt to add to the English milieu is that we're no longer in doubt. It succeeds, but at the cost of the draining interest of the film. Catherine Deneuve is yet another mid-noir noir, aimed at creating interest, yet another low-key crisis. The main role, presumably with murky lighting, and instead, she is pro-like. We're introduced to various characters, yet they seem uninteresting and mysterious, when they actually work. We're off-screen, yet they are. Much of the film is set in a wintry landscape. Following that, the tension develops a little too late. However, this seems to be too late. This is a wasted opportunity.
If this movie had been a lot more likable and 3-dimensional characters and it would have been better. As an average movie, it is. But the pacing is slow and the snail crawls like molasses. But Catherine Deneuve's character SEEMS even slower and unlikable, given that it is underdeveloped. It's a shame, as the plot was improvised, but it was just a sort of rushed production of a good story -- like it was. And, like Deneuve, who isn't a drunk person, but it's difficult to know who is. Regardless, the film just seemed unreal and pointless. In addition, it was shot with shaky camera equipment - it abounds. I'm sorry to the French, but the stories are so much better than this.
I couldn't get it out of my house before I bought it.It was so horrible that I bought it from my friend who gave me a DVD to finish it.It was honestly one of the worst viewings he had ever seen. None of the "special effects" is a straight look out of the head of the actors, and they're doing what they're doing in 1994.The script is gimmic gimmic. As soon as you're watching it, you realize what you're doing.Its like no one wants to be sticking around at a party.Thumbs down there and there was no fun.
I'm all with lots of gore and actionhorror movies. Unfortunately, the entire movie tries to be more unbelievable than Le Pacte des Loups. After a short setup, the film starts with a pretentious religious imagery. Two strangers arrive and save her father and then some MAGICAL POWDER - HEALING FOR GOD'S POWDER (ONE HAS TOMAHAWK AND A kicking ass of a Native American! YEESH.) The main hero is a dashing and daring stereotype of the other two characters throughout the film, which should be noted throughout the entire film. In fact, it's not all that bad either. The acting is pretty much all one-dimensional. Onto the plot: The film is wrapped by a royal intrigue and a horror film. But the imagery is mainly mentioned in the film, since the other stuff is just pretentious. Especially when you consider that the main character is resurrected. (Also, there is a point in the film where the Native American character is spread out in a room with a crucifixion spread over the ceiling. Hmmm.) Anyway, the plot and imagery is unbelievable, and it is filled with gothic and stupid. None of the action scenes would matter if the film was a brainless film. Maybe some of the recent films (e.g. Crouching Tiger) were pretty lame. There's a lot of slowmotion and dodging. There's a lot of spectacular kicks. A guy who suddenly shoots a FREAKING FREAKING GUN at people and a guy. As I mentioned before, the movie isn't scary enough to justify being a religious actionhorror movie (because it's scary in the middle of the movie) because it's scary enough to throw a procupine suit. Oh yeah, the plot is always good and the imagery of the Native American character is a lot of gore. But I'd say that this movie is utter crap.
Since I'm a big fan of Vincent Cassel and I was looking forward to seeing "Les loups". Unfortunately the movie was a complete letdown.Started out more ridiculous and then got more interesting story. It seemed as if they didn't know what they wanted: action? horror? romance? drama? All in all nothing. The coolest thing in the martial arts were not quite fit. In the end I was glad it was over.
The title says it all. It is actually so ridiculous that I am disapointed for a bad film and I am not paid for it. There is probably one thing that makes this movie not good. If you want a good laugh then see this movie!
If you're 18, and you have no brain, and this movie is definitely better, and you have blockbusters on TV. You'll find everything you need: absorbing, absorbing, absorbing, and so on; all of the glorification of the filmmaking, all of the scenography, all of the oh-sophomoric scenography, all of the sophomoric scenography, all of the sophomoric glorification, all of the sophomoric scenography, all of the sophomoric scenography, all of the sophomoric scenography, all of the scenography, all of the scenography, all of the scenography, all of the sophomoric scenography, all of the oh sophomoric scenography, all of the oh sophomoric scenography, all of the oh sophomoric scenography, all of the oh sophomoric scenography, all of the things digitally filmed, all of the time. A long and directed movie. You wouldn't have noticed, the movie looks exactly like an over-the-top commercial. All the actors are treated like Lucas's films, even more than the props. "Matrix," "X" and "Matrix" have no clue about what's in the first steps of a character, and what's said about the technical abilities of the filmmakers (climbing, climbing, etc.), and in comparison to what's said about the first steps of a character, you have no clue what's in terms of what's said, and what's said. Instead of focusing on the "cool" visuals, they focuse on the woman's struggle and fear. Just like in a video game. All humanity is lost. Frightening. Frightening. I'm sadly not surprised that this is a long-term exercise in a country like France, which comes from a utterly senseless, utterly formulaic, utterly mindless filmmaking, and utterly utterly utterly
Obwohl my whole comment was based on what people said, it couldn't stand it much. What's worth this movie is an ocean of (maybe) boredom, but the fight scenes are overly twisted, and the characters are not in the plot, although I manage to keep those in interest. Rating: 310, they don't comprise the movie's length (30%).
This isn't a medevil film, it isn't anything else, it is a crouching tiger. i guess if you have seen many of them you will immediately recognize that this one is not a good one. gimic language, a gimic film, which relies on a gimic style and therefore is not too long and gimic (as they are shot on a occasional film and therefore the story is not too long) and the camera is boring, because the film is not too long and the story is not too long.
As an appreciator of many Gallic films (and this is utter bunkum) I can never say that. Whoever thought it was evisceration and wasting on a fine Codswallop deserves it.
Seeing this movie was a terrible point to tell, and I was hoping that everyone will find it. Downright terrible. And the reasons mentioned in the first review were not surprisingly surprising. I thought he deserved the rank, but upon seeing the movie he rebuked him, he might agree with what he said. I am quite ashamed to say that the movie lacks the same depth as "Wow-looking females." Let me say that there was definitely some depth in the first review. My musings about this movie can hardly be considered a good movie. If you're looking for "seriously good sci-fi" movies, you shouldn't necessarily watch good enough.
This is really one of those movies that should have been better. First, it is worth a jiggle for what it is. Given that, all the shots are bottomless and that you see front of women (I guess, if you see that version). The two leads, Ahmo Hall and Landon Height, are both well suited to this type of movie. She reminds me of Cassandra Boyle (from several years ago) in her second role. She is clearly concerned about her performance, but then again, she's been around for a while. The basic lovemaking scenes are unmentionable, but then the movie itself is too bad for the set-up. Why bother? Height's romp is a good example in the inn's kitchen. Rather than going with her 9 12-year-old female hog, and their displosal on the counter (Grind Taylor). Many of them, but they couldn't have done something more (they have a definite attraction to them), then all the other cast turns up to do something interesting with them. Given all this, it seems to be a waste of time.
One of the differences of the book, I finished reading at 6pm yesterday. Usually, I am a little bit disappointed at the differences in the movie, so I waited a bit longer to see it. One of the pieces I can buy is a book.The movie gives a perfect example of how a screenwriter who mistreated a movie, and then lent it to a screenwriter who should have kept it, and then mutilates it even more.I am angry at how it mutilates the story. I don't know how many important characters were left at the time, how many of the characters were inserted artificially, how many of its necessities were changed, how many of the characters were changed at the meeting, how many scenes were twisted in order to come from Hollywood, thus changing the story. But this is always a horrible story to be put into the screen forever. My first book, POWER OF ONE, was so eager to break every 513 pages. It was my story. The book is not about teaching people about apartheid. It's about eight punch combinations. It's not about a mule named "Doc Peekay", who abandons a singular character to "Doc Peekay" at the first time. It's about a person. A person about wimpy. The character that is given a chance to change the name of the book is totally unique and clumsy. In the book he is a powerful protege that sticks to his mom. He is not around the figure of Mrs. Peekay's father. He has a pure innocence, love and love for all those characters. They have no need to read the movie and have read the book.How cheap.How low the presence of the actors in the movie was wasted.The movie was made with such a tiny, useless and clumsy character.The movie is a superb example of the kind of character that they had read. Hopefully he is not a boxer (who has to be an athlete in the school, and he has to be a "Tadpole" (the author of the book, Courtnay's "Tadpole") and he has to be untouchable. They must be unafraid to be present in the
WARNING: This movie isn't the original, but if you've read the book it's almost completely unrelated to Bryce Courtenay.Full of spoilers, but if you know the characters of the book you've included in the movie. For the most part, it might be okay that it comes from a book. Also, in the movie, Piet, a coloured coach, who appears on a train in late boxing, was a "Geel".Then, in the movie, a "Geel" was a "black man". The movie portrays him, however, as a black man. This movie tends to be more related to the retaliation of Peekay's death and the nanny's death, if you haven't read the book. Some of the biggest influences in the movie include the name of the geel and even leaving the boarding.
This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.The movie was excellent but the story was completely changed out.Unnecessary parts were added to the movie that were detrimental. Could have been much better made.
The movie was excellent, but the theme was greatly distorted. The book is about Peekay. Not a political agenda for apartheid, but that is the theme that you can feel again through the book. Somebody has a axe to grind and they have a great process to the book. There were many different sources of human suffering, and heartache. They came from the period of multiracial and multiracial fanaticism, and many religious interventions from the government of nations. There were many parts of the movie that were very engaging and make the story much more important. Do yourself a favor and read the book and appreciate what a great story it is.
Just the aging process didn't survive. Poor acting, messy story and all in a sixties film. I hadn't seen him in many flicks before, but then again with him as bad as this one. I was surprised to find this film as high scores, as it is beyond me. The ending is highly unsatisfactory, like a lobotomy. Maybe I need to understand the greatness of this film. Not funny, not good. Go do something useful instead! (410) (I must admit the remaketribute was much better 2003. Completely different story, but as shallow as this one)
This is the moral of the Italian Job. An hour of illogical stuff precedes the final 20 minutes of the movie, but it is a must to see if they can go anywhere.An hour of cool minis (with a random ending) is a good feature and only 20 minutes of good stuff, but it is illogical to go wrong!An odd movie? Characters (depending on whether they were introduced to them or not) disappear from nowhere for at least 5 minutes, or they appear to be cheering or shaking their fists. A lot of us seem reliant on these characters, but we don't know what to do! It's a case of quality over quantity. Tragic actors are fine in the quality department, but they don't get a chance to demonstrate themselves. Even Benny Hill has about 3 minutes screen time! It's a great example of how to turn a 5 minute ensemble into a jumble of random bits, that they have to do within a minute. It's a great idea, but it was executed in the 60s. It's a great cinematography, especially for a firing squad. When you know what a good film looks like, you don't need to burn off the money provided for wrecks. The most awful stuff I could give it was the first hour, turn it off, then watch it.
I hated this movie, but maybe it's something else to my age. To summarize, Charlie (Michael Caine) wants to rip off a gold bouillon in a 4 truck security truck. There were so many characters involved in the heist that we didn't really see what they were, but he managed to get the best jobs for himself. We don't get to see the rest of the movie, but we get to see the genius of Benny Hill as the guest and he goes through a lot of trouble, even when the guy goes through his disappearance. That didn't sit well with me at all. The ending seemed to do so miserably well, but they failed to add some comedy to his name; but the whole thing seems to be brilliant. We're just pretentious garbage that's going to be done (even if you don't hate it) because I wouldn't even tell you that the rest of the movie was going to be done. I love the ending in this genre, especially in the sixties and seventies. And I looovvveee Michael Caine's work. But this one should be left alone. It was terrible.
Here takes a job from an old friend (Caine) recently released from jail. He assembles a gang and hindered a crime. The goal of a big shipment of gold is delivered in Torino. And how are they going to do this? By the way, I thought it was very good and I saw the remake of the 2003. Naturally, I wanted to see the original sequels and remakes, as well as the prequels, as well. Now, as my living expectations may have been close to the original, I didn't come close to the original. Now, I think that you should only watch the new Italian Job? First, this is my opinion about a heist movie. The goal of the movie is to see some fantastic complications coming along with the way of coming out of the way. But then it just went silly. The preparations were outright silly, with the exception of some silly attempts to be funny. Then they just went off without the slightest complication, the actual heist. Big disappointment. I can't be sure, but I could give a lot of examples, but there are a lot of unmotivated facts and a lot of unmotivated scenes. They just seemed to give up because the criminals seemed to be very suspicious of how they could drive out of a church (in addition to a suspicious mafia boss) seemed. And then there were just a plot from the mafia. And then there was the fabled car-vanished. The police manage to tag a police car and maybe after three minis, just one police car. And there is always one police car behind them, so there is always one police car behind them, so they always do whatever stunts to avoid. That is the exception when they get into the big motorway and load the minis. Then there is absolutely no traffic going at all, even at the other direction! (And why did they throw the minis off the tracks? And the way it was completely shadowed by the stupidness of the movie, but I guessed it was a bit of it. And finally, there is an ending that is completely unnecessary (we don't get to see the gang braking laws), the most ounce of gold they stole. So you know you should have died. A surprisingly weak movie
Charlie Cane (in Turin) and the leader of the Croker gang. We try to steal a 4 million dollar gold truck from the imprisoned men, including Michael Bridger and the mini heist itself. The Coopers, I have to sympathize with this one, but they didn't get off the backs of the mob. They weren't all likable at all. Add a couple of dreadful carchase times at the end of the movie (and the pace of the carchase wasn't enjoyable.410, and the presence of the Coopers are really sweet.
I watched this film for the last time (on the 1st day of the television) on 2004. I hope it would not be the last film I ever saw! I think this is the most rated film I have ever seen. With two exceptions, Michael Vallone was disgraceful (and his acting was far from his best) or his. The dialogue was not very funny and laughable. Difficult to believe that Troy Kennedy was trying to be funny! Those scenes of Mr. Coward's sexiness and the whole business were probably considered silly in the 1960's. Big ludicrous to the extreme. It was not a waste of talent and they were given a whole gaggle of actors who were truly incapable of rising above a rubbishy. Altogether I laughed not once, I winced. Altogether a pretty poor show! I know that these plots should not even take you seriously as a joke. Derek Bexhill-Bexhill on Sea - UK
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I was shocked at how bad it was. One of the stupidest plots ever made, ie, it was so hard to get away with the police with all their intricate situations (ie, no sense of plan?). Act like Michael Caine - it just seemed like the whole time was wasted. Plot went nowhere - the girlfriend just disappeared halfway through the movie, just to be seen again. What kind of movie were they trying to make? Comedy? Crime? Wacky farce? They couldn't seem quite goofy at times, ie, there was lighthearted music at the clubbing (ie, it was quite goofy). Massive quantities of illogic were at the end of this movie that couldn't make up for the enjoyment of Mini Coopers. Watch it instead - it's vastly better.
Being one of the best English films in history, I watched this film, but I was wrong. It was so boring I couldn't stick through to the end. Its acting is very good and Micheal Caine's acting isn't as old fashioned as it says, and I really couldn't get this film. I prefer the way the action sequence's are executed, but after 30 years of making the film, it was probably better than its predecessor, and the action sequence's are more doable.It is purely a remake, so there is still a little bit of crap that is clouded my judgement.
The British Job has the buoyancy of all the TV shows of the sixties. Think for instance the Avengers. Except a 90-minute movie with a bona-fide action show, you can enjoy it while swinging and enjoying a movie. Now it's a failure to watch in the sixties. In that respect you'll be not disappointed. In order to get a sense of suspense, you'll be tired, you'll get a sense of depth, where nothing else has been used, if you're looking for an interesting movie. On a trip to the movie you're looking for an interesting characterizations: in a nutshell: it is a nice way to put everything in a 007 cartoon with a tilt. To put it in a simple way, it suffers from the nonchalance, but that's OK. How can you have a proper caper and if everything is not so important, you just have no fun? Suspense is simply sidelined, it doesn't exist. The only good things go on in the story. In the end if you're a sucker for a very poor sixties movie.
'Urban' & 'Urban' have been hacked, so it's just one of the usual locations that have been wasted, giving the plotline so one-handed avenge to the old age of the city. Acting as a cliche, the film exceeds the limits of swag, swag, and swag, but the surviving comrades, who are all awash in grey celluloid, and donning a swag, get avenge his pal's surviving comrades in the church, donning a cliche, and donning a grey swag. It's not just the first time that the film was done in the pre-WWII period, but also the masked man, Robin Hoods, and Robin Hoods, who go off for desserts during the sunset. Here it is a revamped opus for druglords vs. - Appearance vs. - Appearance vs. - the screenwriter couldn't really get anything done, but he opted to stretch it up to the standard 30-minute stretch, namely the lone lone lone lone lone lone lone loooonnngggg, and then he needed to do anything to get it done. Unfortunately, he opted to stretch it up to the lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone lone e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
One of the most powerful drug dealers in New York (Michael LaPaglia) is a drug dealer who takes revenge on his partner (Anthony LaPaglia) who was killed by a drug dealer after eight years. Unforunately, this one turned out to be a bally and engaging drama on a single-handed level.Unfortunately, this one is a single-handed drug dealer who is willing to take a dangerous idea to the hell. But if the plot is muddled, the plot offers at least some more intense action sequences, which tries to compete for the attention of other parts, which is not equal to this plot. That little guy's foster partner, Rene Russo (the agent's wife) is suddenly killed when he and his wife (Rene) find themselves to be the guy's wife. So, we really should have done much more in the way of getting revenge on the drug dealer, which is the reason why they were going to get this movie even remotely interesting. Viewers won't have much to watch this movie, even at this point. Prior to that, there's really nothing to command your attention. You'd think this guy would be a powerful drug dealer and he didn't even seem to be working with a drug dealer (even after he threatened to send a couple of goons alone), but this would've made an intense story. We have to sit through three minutes of trying to bond with one little girl. Who cares?
This is a suffocatingly mawkish screenplay that could have only been granted for a logical result; instead of taking a deep dive into the terrain of conflicted morals that the following man wanted to accept. If you're just thinking about making a big claim about illegality, but you're driven by a desire to be utterly boneheaded and trite, then you have to forget about this film. It's not too trite, but we'll suddenly try to get some of your colleagues to try to get onside, doe closeups? That would be a dupe for a lone man, but instead of a lone man, it would be a lone dupe for justice, which seems to be a whole, after all. "Good Cop" is suffocatingly mawkish. Were it used for a teledrama, it could easily pass for a full fledged talent, and instead of a dreary teledrama. It's a bland snapshot of our life and how it works, but it is nothing more than a depressing and bland way of trying to convince us that the movie is nothing more than a faux.
This is definitely one of the worst movies ever made. There is no plot or plot, it's just footage of Van Nuys on CA Blvd. If you saw this film every night and day, you would think that everyone had sex with, and you didn't actually live thru the 70's. In this film, people get a nack hat! Not only does this film show how nostalgic it was in California back then, but I'm really complaining that it has no value. Today, there is no matter that Van Nuys is run down and there is no matter that there is very bad acting in the area. There are lots of scenes in the film of fast car racing and you will probably feel disconnected as if he was in the role of Al Gladstone's son and spliced together. But if anything, I am really glad this film was made on Van Nuys Blvd.
Caught by accident; this could be one of the most satisfying endings on TV; although it was difficult to feel any emotion about it.Looking at the Bible, which teaches us that homosexuality is so wrong, it is moral authority, and it is the ultimate point of view. That is, if she is "depriving" her mother of a child as far as she should go or "how far should she go". This is obviously so hard on me, but if she was involved in a homosexual family she could have blew a child so fast... but how could she have had a child on earth??? (Assuming the rape was not due to the first few minutes of this film). As if this is a major plot flaw, I would have missed the first few minutes of this film, but knowing this is no way involved in the rape. Children are brought up in a family unit and it's very dangerous to have a child in the mother's interests - it's the father of the mother and father of the child - and it is no matter what the father of the mother or father has decided to act and to procreate a child. Children are brought up in a family unit, and it is no matter what the father of the mother or father is responsible to have a child. They will be able to understandeable and indignant at the attitude of the mother and the grandmother - and he will be quite indignant at what he thinks is the child. But, unfortunately, the title of this film is not only difficult to feel, but it is also more difficult to return to the real plight of the child through bickering. As it occurs in society, albeit not through greed, greed, corruption, and paedophilia - it is not only necessary to take stock of it - but also to make us feel more vehemence on the level of the bible - that's fine!!
The story here shows one of America's weaknesses. Vanessa Redgrave plays a woman fighting for her mom, but sadly, without a moral immorality, and a dad fighting against a. A lot of this movie made me sick, but thankfully, there's a victory! Overall, it wasn't really a very short story to show what's happening and what's just wrong with each side of the story. One day Vanessa Redgrave's character was born in England, and then moved through two times as an explanation to her British accent? Uh i doubt it. Anyway, i give this movie a 0 out of 10. It's a shame that we live in a world that gave us a true story.
If you know what you can expect from Jing's work. Silly stories are always over the top. And a way to get a movie like this is a sure way to get enticed. Somehow there is no connection to this movie even when they gave the subtitle "Hard 2" to this movie. But when you use a title like that it does raise some expectation concerning the action. And since this site neglected the description of the action it is very clear to me. It is nowhere near the level of "Hard Boiled". How could it be? That is one of Woo's best action movies ever made. Most of the action scenes consists of "Blood" and some decent hand combat scenes. But they are short and not impressive. There is one chase sequence that showed promise. The main characters follow their bad guys into a crowded subway station. Now there is a setup for bloodshed and mayhem. And the director Andy Lau is goofing off throughout the whole movie. There is not even a scene where he is pointed at a gun. He used to do this in those days. But again this movie is a big proof that you should approach an action movie more than a comedy.
"The Next Door" is a plotless exercise in extreme gore. Certainly all the action scenes are gone (the lighting, the visual effects, the budget), because the other aspects of the gore (atrocious, technical, miniscule) must have. It's really hard to watch though, because it doesn't even mean that it runs at 80 minutes. ()
i cant select a 1 out of 10 because i felt compelled to say a modest sentence for the actors. i have never heard of such a film before, but i am a fan of romero and raimi and i have to say that this film isn't as good as some of the original romero movies and i have to be a little embarrassed to be duped. i rented this film for a little over 80. 000 dollars and i had a chance to view the cover and some of the rips, but i had to wonder if he had been trained in raimi and raimi jr. romero was a complete homage to a carpenter but i was so disappointed that he had made this film so shamelessly because of the constraints of his directorial flair. i also noted that it was tatty and tatty that i was. i had no idea what was left of this film, but after years i was completely left to register the abomination of romeros - this was a piece of romeros - this was a utter abomination. if you don't want to waste your time on re-watch zombie classics (or quadrilogy) - don't waste your money.
It's not all bad, but by the acting and the effects, you can tell that the movie was actually not bad. The guy in the movie was so cool, I got mumbling and chuckle when I saw this movie, and it reminded me of Wes Craven's gore, and when he got bitten in the throat of one of his favorite police officers, they made a remake of "Hills of the Hills" which was a kind of funny scene, which reminded me of a few times when they got bitten. To be honest, I'm not really over done with this movie, and I promise you, if you like horror movies, you'll like it, but if you like zombies and gore, then check it out. So check out this movie free to check out.
When I first approached this genre, I found the ode to be mildly crude and inoffensive, but this was not. Something about self-humour, which I enjoyed in the selection of tapes, g.e. a plethora of other things, such as 'The Living Dead' and 'The Night of the Dead', a particularly frequenting choice of zombie fans, and a tongue-in-cheek mocking of its choice, such as 'The Evil Dead' and 'The Living Dead', I particularly enjoyed this choice. Other things like the satirical and satirical cult of the dead, which becomes a cult of un-human fanatics and the cult of the dead. As for the acting here, Jack Nicholson, Jack Nicholson, er, ... and all of these actors try to make up for their lack of characterising, though I do think that these are the most underdeveloped of all, and I do try to make up for their lack of gumption. On the other side, this movie has a few good moments, such as 'Creeps' and 'The Doctor', which is a rather boring account of a couple of years later, which is a bit too much of a sport to pull under the rug. The story is really good, and there are quite a few good scenes, which are just lying under the rug, and there isn't a lot of gore and squirting of blood. Also, there are some limited special effects, such as Sam Raimi's body twitching, which are done in the aforementioned aforementioned 'Night of the Dead' style. Overall, as you can expect, this is a fairly decent outing with its own character development, and you can expect a decent amount of time and effort to save it from being smeared with chuckles. I can't recommend this movie to non-horror aficionado's, but I can't recommend it to most non-discriminating goers.
This film is an alarmingly bad piece of cinema and an utter disgrace. I've found that some of them (if not all of them have produced a string of redeeming feature-flicks) are completely devoid of anything positive, though. Its heinous self-awareness with characters such as 'Raimi et al' makes it even more 'Zombie', as it stands out as a landmark. This film stands out as a more mundane, crass, crass, and z-rate filming. The only element of this particular feature is that it does shed loads of gore - and it seems harmless - that it is vaguely rousing. For anyone who may be curious to watch this film - this may simply be a parody. Riddled with a terrible plot, a terrible sound bar, and a truly atrocious acting (it would seem that it was inserted with a crow!), and special effects. As another reviewer commented - this film is simply bad. A sheer waste of time, effort, and money.
I had fun browsing through the "Budget" section of this movie and i read numerous reviews before buying this cheesy horror movie...but this one was not made and i went through the "Horrendous" section and it is a ty cheesy horror movie. Basically the plot was stank and a few of the young actors will never go home and feel bored.I would recommend this movie to anyone that made ketchup and ed.
Depressingly awful. Looks like a typical porn film, in the lead roles of a truck mechanic and the resultant cast of the waitress. I've seen more 8mm movies in my father's home. Even hardcore horror fans will find this to be anything - pressed bottom feeder. It's a classic to be cherished at the end, if a "Collector's Edition" is tagged as "making" and a documentary. Hopefully the director was able to get his job back at the factory - capping the bottle. Nobody should see this movie.
I can actually give this movie a star, but it has a lot of extras in it, and it has a second set in the streets. One-out-of-a-kind, this movie simply turned out to be a star. It doesn't take place in the basement or the director's house in the woods. There are also several special effects, including beheadings. If you want to give a movie a chance, and stay awake. On the other hand, it's a terrible story of Bookwalter. It's actually much cheaper.
'The Next Door to the Dead' is an ode to all things. A great homage to Tom Romero, Sam Savini and Tom Raimi; nothing done to the next zombie king. Shot and edited by J.J. Bookwalter; looks and feels like it would be entirely written and edited. I found it to be as entertaining as it could be about the storyline. Zombies running amuck. Scientists trying to cure them by running 'Day of the Dead' (which ends up being much like Romero's 'Day of the Dead'), but this group of "Zombie Squad" is a little too leftist, and they appear to be trying to preserve the rights of human beings here. Haha. Not too far fetched in this day and age. Anyhow, this is a cult of zombie worshipers outside of Akron, where a farmhouse is inhabited by a Rev. Jones-Jim Jones-Jones, which leads to a problem of a zombie cult, which is now perfected by a group of doctors and a farmhouse, which leads to a problem. So, what it is is a dark-tongue homage to Jonestown. A terribly low-budget, ultra-cheesy gore fest. By my standards 'The Braindead' is still a zombie flick of my godfather; but still having a few pints of blood squirting out of my mates. Enjoy this film. 4 out of 10.
1st on 752009, 4 (to-watch): Complicated manga, based on a popular series of Shisuke Kaneko. In this second book, the main character is given a godlike ability to make people die. Note, if you haven't seen the first book, the storyline is basic and you are able to write the names of the people who die. Each of them has a companion named Misa, who is a kind of person who sees and worships God in their eyes. The second book is a TV star named Misa, who is also a detective and carries out these deaths (although he knows this one is called "Light" and he carries out causing deaths). At this point, I think they tried to explain everything in the movie in a way that really lose interest. At this point, they try to cram in too many twists and turns. Also, the first movie is very quirky and he's introduced a "Detective" character and he's definitely more interesting. All in all, this is a new experience that isn't as long as the first movie.
I've been a fan of the Anime series since the 1st; and the death note wasn't fast enough coming out. Note the story is great and the overall concept of Death is intelligent. I was shocked to find that 75% of this movie's story was not from the manga. Light's dying girlfriend right from the start? Takada TV reporter? Where did they come from? Kira says he's from the 2nd part, and he's openly more intelligent from these points. The acting was also poor and the direction of the movie was also predictable. Ruuk spoke out loud every night of the cinema - but this was the strangest part of the movie. If you're a fan of manga; don't bother watching this movie.
This is an absolute embarrassment to the piece of garbage. They are so much worse than the acting and cinematographyeffects, that it may not be called death. These adaptations are simply horrid, and it boggles my mind how it has a 210 overall rating. Do not assume that a 10 year old who've never seen a 10 year old's anime can live a terrible adaptation of this. Ironically, this movie does not do justice to its name, and may be considered evil by all.
GODAWFUL! Not sure how they would be scared of this part. e.g. The intro of this Anime was alright and even God was removed from my friends. Don't see this movie unless you're looking for such a creditable masterpiece, since this was ever called. I mean, there were so many goofs, special effects, and everything that was unthinkable about it.
This is simply rubbish, as I have lost myself during the entire anime.It cuts out the plot and adds a HUGE amount of plot to the plot, and I don't think it would even exist at the beginning.It goes on and on with several jumpy characters that I don't think exist.Near Mello and where were the men? And when were the men being chained to a L? I found this anime just as good as it can be.These are just a few examples of the way I hoped, however I don't mind wasting your life on the floor.If you want to watch this film, don't even bother.All of these will be more exciting than this film.
This movie works more than a review. Note if you're a fan of the series, stay away from it. And I say it's superb from the beginning to the end! I thought, after watching the preview of the Japanese manga, that it was at least as good as tokusatsu, or reminding me that it was wrong. The characters in the manga are all so distorted and lovable, that I don't want to lose them all, that it forces you to watch them.I don't like this movie, but I can't see a reason to do so. I just gave it a 2 out of sympathy for the series.
I was hoping the first Death movie would be better than the second. Unfortunately, this movie gives not many differences than the previous one. It's a shame that a good director such as Kenichi Matsuyama made such a good movie into cinematography. Last Death is the only thing in the name: brilliant. As a suggestion: if you're a fan of manga, this could be a better movie to watch live.If you're not curious, stay out of this movie.
Seriously....I thought this movie was an utter waste of 2 12 hours! The only reason I stayed out of this movie was because I was in a cinema on a date! If you like Lord of the Rings and let it go for 3 hours, that's great. But if you make a movie like this on 2 12 hours, it annoys the hell out of it. It was painfully draggy but I thought it could've finished 1 hour earlier! Unless you're a fan of a comic (if you're even a fan of this movie), stay away. I saw the first scene where God appears in a scary horror movie where i burst out laughing. You have been warned!
To me this is a quite unique way. I bought it for a year ago and it seemed interesting to see it. Twice I have tried to finish this movie without being able to do it...and it gets hardly bad no matter how bad it gets. And I've seen this movie in Las Vegas because it is the worst part of the "Loathing and Fear". My experience for watching this has been about an hour and a half. Then it flattens out. It doesn't really get old, and it's just that it doesn't get moving after that. After an hour it's about an hour and a half I get the feeling that it's not moving fast enough! "OK - I will have a lot of different effects with drugs, you know?". The acting is good, and he's always a good part in those movies, and yet he's mystical. I'm sorry to say that I haven't been able to keep this movie rolling, but I'm still a Depp fan. My advice is to see yourself. The movie is unique to say the least.
Since I haven't read Gonzo Hunter's book, "Loathing Las Vegas" and "Fear of Gonzo" I can't judge all kinds of problems, but I can't give it a 2 or 3 star rating.I can relate to the characters from Benicio Del Toro's and Johnny Depp's writings, and even though I don't give them a good score, I could give them an even lower rating, thanks to the occasional black-and-white narration (even though I can relate to the characters from the 60's).The characters in "The Piano Teacher" and "Isabelle Kohut" are also uninteresting, but I won't be completely fascinated by any sort of character, if it's a study of a major cult or a druggie lifestyle (which I will consider to be the most unlikable of them all), I can't relate to them personally. People who enjoy "Trainspotting" and "Easy Rider" (which was portrayed very well in my opinion, but in a very dull and uninteresting form), will enjoy this movie very well. That said, if you have an empty lifestyle, you can dig this movie ... but if you love "Trainspotting" and "Dennis Hopper's Trainspotting" (which I don't think it should be called a tea cup) then I definitely don't appreciate it all.410.
Somewhere inside the 114-minute film, Bullitt is desperate to get a 90-minute overlong. But it's nothing as serious as it is to sustain it. Many of the long running shots come up with indulgent goose-shooting scenes. Bullitt - he's actually killed, he's a thin informant about what he's trying to determine. The Mob - though I honestly don't see how a few minutes later I managed to see an hour later how he's actually killed. A token of the way the bureaucrat (Robery Robery, the local politician who didn't really want to do things) is standing in the way of getting killed. But exactly WHAT exactly happens in this movie? In 114 minutes almost almost nothing happens! Instead, we're treated to a scene of mystery-solving, and clues - after all, we're treated to the 'car chase' of the police (or any other car chases) and he hangs around with his girlfriend (played by Jaqueline Bissett) for dinners. About 80 minutes of this film - I don't think it's all that much of 'car chases' or 'car chases'. What exactly is 'Bullitt' credited with? A calm and cool sense of being collected, and it doesn't turn into a repetitive plot. Don't consider me a philistine who has been brainwashed by someone from all eras - where we're guaranteed a five minute explosion. But it's not just Bullitt, it's certainly not overrated. A real disappointment.
I wonder if "Bullitt" has the slowest pace in the history of American cinema. Of course, "Bullitt" was a tremendous hit when it was released. In my opinion, that was mainly due to Steve McQueen as a major superstar, who had exploded in the late 1960s. The cinematography is fine and the locations are shot accurately in San Francisco. The stars, Robert Vaughn and Steve McQueen give the whole cast remarkable performances. All of those slow surgeries, much of the movie is incredibly interesting. However, the pace of the story is so excruciatingly long at the hospital, although the various episodes are notably not so exciting. However, at the best of the scene is the snail-snake scene in the airport. The airplane arrives at the terminal. Then McQueen stares silently looking for the bad guy... People get off... People get off... Bullitt stares slowly... People get off... Bullitt stares in the whole scene, then he walks slowly toward the Apaches' attack (I say this for the sake of cool). In the meantime, he has forgotten what the heck was he doing for the purpose of the investigation. All of the behavior of Bullitt is highly unprofessional. But at the end of the movie, he finds that the policeman is just stuck in a taxi, while he is taking a long time to get off the car; then he gets a taxi; then he gets a taxi; then he starts a taxi; then he walks toward the parking area; then he starts a long time after the movie. In the meantime, he has forgotten what he was doing. In the end of the movie, the idiocies of Bullitt are just unprofessional. But at least in the late 1960s, the movie was considered a number of cool movies (for the sake of disobeying the authorities). And what is the point of Jacqueline Bisset? Her character seems to show that Bullitt is just sexually active. Did anyone doubt it? Of course, the film contains the car-chasing chase anyway. Certainly, in my opinion, that was disappointing. I've always thought that "The Thieves" couldn't be surpassed. I was wrong."
Steve McQueen is one of my favorite actors, but I was so enttroy with my time. The movie is so slow paced, I would rather call the action thriller or crime movie. I waited in the first half, waited, and waited. I can't say that I got exactly bored, but. In the first half, it is just Steve McQueen, with no visual action. The movie runs by him, but it never came into the second half, I don't get it. And then the car chase itself is pretty cool, but it is unsatisfying, because it takes place in a few minutes, and unfortunately, it is unsatisfying. Yes, the movie is cool, but the word that fits the movie very well, because it is not cool enough, but ithe said it was not engrossing. In the second half, there is more car chase, besides the car chase, that's all afoot. Therefore, don't expect something like this. The movie is not engrossing, but it is not stylish enough, because it is not engrossing, and it is not enough of a lack of suspense, but it is engrossing. In the second half, there is one car chase, and that's a car chase. I haven't seen some of Bullitt's car chases, but I am sure that there are a few more examples of car chases, but I haven't seen the best car chases I have seen, or I might ask. These are my favorite car chases: Terminator 2, Terminator 3, Terminator Reloaded, but too much CGI and showy, again. Supremacy is my all time favorite car chase. And Ronin is my all time favorite car chase.
Any correspondent of this work, having always seen the unintended similarities between Emir Kusturica and the Gift, sees that the result must be supremely awful. I have seen many of Kosashvilli's films in the past year, but this one is sloppily directed and poorly acted (I had the misfortune of being able to construct one of the most annoying pieces of muck), and the plot is poor. If they had been a good outsider of Tel Aviv, they would have made a good film about the stereotyping of a racist community. As it is, we are invited to laugh at the constant humiliation of women and even a merry strand of sexual sex that is particularly offensive to the young millennial bride. One wonders how much he has gleaned from this film compared to Scorsese du Cinema; he has only churned out ten years of turgid hackwork.Another friend of Kosashvilli has not only gleaned positive reactions to this film; he has a third rate. A lot of the characters are coming from the cinema, such as Raphael Elkabetz's Femme Gitai and Ronit Nadjeri's Avanim. There is a lot of rubbish about Israeli cinema such as Nir Bergman's Broken Wings. Avoid.
A very strange movie indeed. The opening sequence of Enigma is played by a very numb British officer, only for it to have a complete escape from the Germans. Even "Gay" is based on a lot of wartime gags, as it is later assembled on the screen. LeBlanc rescues the enemy, and takes him undercover to fill in the whole thing, and his direction shines a good Englishamn humour. Good gag: LeBlanc and his hapless gents are constantly forgetting about the hapless and tough stuff! The Germans look like some of the various workbenches of the carnival, and some of the rows of workbenches look like Nazis! The work doesn't work for the love and interest!
I can't believe this film with my friend. I don't pick movies that are intentionally crappy. It's just that I like some crappy actors in movies. I'm mad at EI and bought it at the moment. In an ATQM factory where he's also a queen of German women, he's also a drag queen of women that's so he's able to steal it.The only one who looks comfortable in the dress is Eddie. Although I don't think his color is brown. There is a multi-lingual film, but if you're not a fan of Luc Birkin and Luc Picard, it's a good thing to show off his legs.
Nun: Tony Parker, lesbian, Eddie Izzard, it's actually more than a man's body moving. Well this is an a bisexual film. Izzard is a great tony, you mind, but a bit precious. A bit tougher than the British Officer Joey LeBlanc, when Nicolette LeBlanc was out of the mind. I can't see him as a guy in the Bridge (so, i actually)
I mean, but it's not the worst film ever. I picked up this at Woolworths for £ 1-£1 and I can honestly say it was not worth it. That's pretty much the only word to describe this disturbing movie - Le Blanc. You could have made millions of complaints about this disturbing film - but if you want to forget the message of the Queen's Izzard, you could watch it. They are really funny, and I really expected it to be funny, but it's also about the rest of the films - it's about the war, but it's also about the men dressing up! If you want to see a funNY film, go see Izzard. If you like it, then maybe it's worth watching. If you don't like it, then watch it, watch it badly. And if you want to see it on television, don't watch it, but if you want to see it on online, it's only £1 or less. Trust me, it is NOT worth it.
All of Ruzowitzky's "Queens of the Celluloid" is even worse than one might expect. The screenplay is unimaginably stupid, that's not even one character in the script, and that's really no surprise. How could anyone have ever thought that this film was a good idea to spend money on? It seems like Ruzowitzky had a "stupid" idea from all times, because he had no idea what a "stupid" film was, at all unintelligent, a "stupid" comedy. The film is just a waste of time and vfx (and looks cheap) to be funny. It's suspenseful! DON'T WATCH THIS FILM, it's not a crap piece. One can only hope that Ruzowitzky can ever make another film. Same line goes above and above for everybody who worked on this abysmal rubbish heap.
I have met Eddie Izzard, the best comedian I have ever seen, and I have even met him live on DVD's in recent years.But I think he is very funny, he is very funny. But when he gets in front of a camera, he seems to go wrong. He is very funny, and in my opinion, he was very awkwardly scripted and he comes across very uncomfortable lines. It was awful, if not at all, yet the actors could deliver it (or not) so badly written comedy. I think he needs to take his seat back, but I managed to stand up to the hilt.
I presume you can only discover this film due to your curiosity, or uninvited existence of Le Blancs, as you popped up on cable. I believe that Le Blanc is an American, an American, and a transvestite officer from an Enigma factory set out to recover a troop of AQM soldiers during the World War 2. That's absurd as much as anyone needs to know about the plot. Everything about this production stinks. Imagine, if you are coming across a bloody road, a body strewn with parts of the body, which can kill yon if you are coming across yon. The notion of a story is so preposterous that he wouldn't have saved a few years ago; he is so adept at slapstick and humour that he bears no resemblance to any of our contemporary actors, and he is so miscast that he is hopelessly miscast. You haven't seen anything like this for thirty years, and he is so adept at reassemble the beast, and he is so miscast that he wouldn't have saved a few actors. Thats right, a Blimpish army officer.Also, who's playing the 'Avengers' and Eddie Coogans haven't improved his acting skills since 'Izzard Night'. It has its moments of bratty, bawdy, and sometimes tearful.It has its moments of concocting the storyline of 'AQM'. It also has its moments of 'Jerry Talbot', 'Herr', 'The Way' and 'The Way'. It has its moments of 'Bawdy'. So, if you like a film like this, stick to the stock grading. So, if you do prod with this film, it kills you. Otherwise its a stinker.
Obwohl Eddie Izzard (a notably competent comic actor) a dud is being featured in this film. Warum? Because they couldn't decide if the film should be portrayed as a comedy or a comedy at the beginning of the war, but a moderately contrived and amusingly contrived scene. With Matt LeBlanc playing THE MOST UNCONVINCING DRESSER IN THE CINEMA? You can hear the unconvincing sentimentality from the final scene, where the team of German commandos are desperate to get out of the plane and get straight-to-seal.
How could someone make this awful movie? Gee, that's all funny, it does smell funny. How could some German men and female staff have their noses dressed as enigma--nor would anyone have a real enigma in their enigma. It's neither lame nor terrible, they stoop under the dramatic setup of this movie. Not even Jerry Lewis tries to skewers for a comedic plot--which would fail, for one or two moments. Either you're going for a farce, or you're not. Don't like that tone switch.I'm dumb, but this works nothing. Eddie Leblanc didn't work in 'Lizard' or 'Joey'. Both ten feet older than this stunk. Perhaps this movie can go on a new mission and see unsuspecting actors steal new dross. Now that is a worthwhile mission.
There are so bad elements in this movie that you can't see the actual plot but you can't skip it. He proposes to her and turns her into a crazed bride. This is obviously his fault, she does what she does, and she kisses her fiancé away (which, of course, drives her away). She actually notices her sister and her mother, but she doesn't talk to her once. When her fiancé comes off, she is clearly centred in the most clichéd films, and let's see him go on to act more of these kinds of engagement. The protagonist has to be at least able to empathise with some of the key characteristics that will be a movie to end. Hannibal had a style and culture that he had made. When she decides that she wants to go to her guy (at all) and falls apart at all. When she has a complete btch because she has a btch? What she actually decides is, when she will go back and look for any of the problems she will go. At first I hated Ben and she will go back to her, and then she'll go somewhere else. On top of that I wanted to settle with her.On top of this film was the main character who wanted to be a very unhappy idiot. I assume this was a comedic waste of self-obsessed romantic comedy and I suggest the writers to be completely obsessed with the concept of this woman-to-doormat.
I was watching this film for a while now, but when I got older I was totally confused and I thought it was impossible to watch.This is a film that I have never seen before, but when I was younger I was able to hide under a bag and watch it for myself.The plot was just as unbelievable as it was when I was a girl and I thought it was a good thing to watch this film.
Boring or Stupid in a shorter way: I can't describe it. Acting? What is acting? All the actors are laughing while reading their lines??? when they stopped laughing or even smiling it was the most dramatic moment in "TV history"! The "plot" was one of the most predictable plots. Sam is a total lut as a lut, but not as a lut!! I remember she was hot in American Pie. she is so damn ugly here!!! these bags are full of puffy face or whatever. The ending is happy and the poor viewers are doomed to tell that no?? he took her back in American Pie because he was very hot (he will soon drool because he used to drool over the internet, or topless pics??) He will soon start hiding from him, but wondering if she will ever start seeing him. He will start seeing the guy who kissed the other guy and how he knows. (there is anyone who didn't know about her??) He will start flirting with them, and then he will start kissing her, and then kissing her. She will then accept his own poison and kiss them again! B..the actors can't act so weak. The plot is so weak and the plot is so predictable. Bride and Groom being selfish and utty. Groom being an idiot for all the swearing hole. for the 3rd person.
This movie made me laugh partly because of the theme, and partly because it is so cheap! The plot lines are bad, the acting is silly, and the budget is cheesy. The only thing that might scare a lot of young children is that the clown is really a clown, which is done properly. A grumpy and macho cop who thinks it's a hoax, and the residents are shooting with cotton candy and wrapping them up.Fun if your brain is switched to standby:-)
This isn't a cult flick: it desperately wants to be unpredictable, flies, and a classic. It's a small, uncreative, and predictable ripped off object in our 50s town. We meet all of our worst, ODIOUS Girlfirend, GoodBad Cop Relief, and Old Girlfirend. Scary Klowns sucks, and you're all high up to heaven. It has many Klowns calling the show. They're not. They're Skary. They have no personality, and never say anything. Maybe it's a clown's show, but if we had been repeated over and over again, we will get something of that kind of clowny. This movie was not made, despite what you might not hear. That's nothing more than twenty million dollars. That's what you will have to admit, but it's original crap.
As a good 1980s Horror movie, Killer Klowns is pretty good. A lot of the other surprises went into the execution of the Killer Klown, the Blood Candy, and the Slurpees of the Evil Human. The puppet show was just too sarcastic, but not too funny. As anyone who has ever tried to do puppets knows it is not easy. Especially those clowns with stubby fingers. At one point George Washington had a scene of Klown crossing the Delaware. Now that is funny and sarcastic at the same time! Killer Klowns is one of those movies that you really lived in, and if you don't get to explain that there is no way to get to Killer Klowns. But aside from a lot of non-Acadets from the Police Academy, what you would expect from a movie like Killer Klowns is a non-typical era. It gives Vernon Klowns a lot of credibility, but his talents are wasted in this movie. Killer Klowns is not a classic horror movie, because it is not scary and lacks any real suspense. The special effects are good and it has some interesting scenes which are not filmed without any surprise to the audience. Killer Klowns deserved a shot at a circus, and some kids loved clowns.
Yes, the DVD features are actually pretty good. But what is all about it from a lame angle; it is a B-movie. You may not like a DVD featuring a boring look - but this is my home!
After seeing this movie in the microwave I made some popcorn. However, this is a huge disappointment. A 16 year old student is not memorized at acting and all the lines are obvious. There are also no facial expressions. For example a man speaks about the same volume as the other guys. As a result I couldn't bear watching this movie anymore, but it's a terrible low budget.As a result, this movie ruins what it deserves 0!
Reading this movie sounded like a decent action flick but it wasn't. Poor script, bad acting and directing. I was really enttäuscht, and a good cast who could have given this film a decent budget and a decent cast. It could have been a really good one even without those big budget films. The camera angles are terrible and the acting was really terrible, thats a shame. The stunts were bad, the food looked awful, and the stunts were done poorly, at least it wasn't too bad. Begin to watch this film as it was rushed and spoiled, then it became a bad intro and then putting me close to sleep in 20mins. After 30mins I could feel it, putting me to sleep. If you have some time to watch this film, then its more entertaining than you have to.
The premise of the movie seemed so interesting. Unfortunately, the acting was so horrible that I couldn't focus on the movie. This movie will probably stay in my "10 worst" list for a while. Warum? The acting is almost all bad - the actors exhibit awkward emotions in every scene, delayed, or incorrect. It couldn't figure out whether they wanted a bad drama, comedy, or directorwriter mixed with a bad plot. It's really funny, it's funny, but it's not. Some movies like this are short, but it's not funny because it's so bad we've watched this movie. If you want to see a movie with a bad plot and directing, you would like to watch this movie. If you want to be entertained, however, stay away.
Maybe a new person can really make a movie, or a synchronization with one of the old movies, where he (or she) begins to make a "scrap" or "scrap" form, where he is not too bad? Is it a secret to make a movie - there is certainly a top-secret award for this.Is it really a movie with dialogs and what is the matter, and what is the bomb attack? Even the first graders have a better vocabulary. But you can't stop watching a movie, because you can't really believe what it has to be.
It will mean something as "A Clay Brothers" lists. Who are you? I'm not sure. One, according to IMDb, was a movie in which Clay Brothers, a groomsman in Elizabethtown, and a co-director John Vu, was a groomsman. His credits only seem to be this brother's movie. Neither the computer programmer has a big plot for this film that they'll be getting stolen anytime soon. The key thing that I think was the plot was that the terrorists were getting stolen. Low budget and the directing is the key to the film and the performances might have been better. The script is so imaginative and modulated that the weapon might have been better, and the script might have been more imaginative. The film is incredibly silly (as I've seen in recent times) but there is no indication of whether or not it is a good film or a professional looking film. Take the scene where John Clay is grilled by a policeman after a mugging. Adding to the insult is the performance of the actor who seems to be playing the cop. Clay Clay isn't much better in front of his head and reacting to what is going on in front of him. Actually I was not sure if it was needed for a rapid exit or tension. This movie is just a silly movie. (Its a mess with all the friends of the Clay Brothers being changed to a home. Its a film that feels like "A Clay Brothers" and I'm not sure that there will be another part of the movie that will be glorified.
In fact, anyone who saw this was skrupellos, silliness. If they see this film, they can be mocked like nitwits, and then pay for cash...If they see this once - nitwit. I agree with all the comments - cheap acting, bad plot, bad script, bad plot. As I said - Americans have to waste some time. Yes, I agree with "Don't Bother, January 17, 2009". You must rent a DVD for Clay Bros., who had huge money to sue for his "Movie". (Sorry, I had to use my translator for my grammar)
I had been trying to nail down what this film was about. Then I read about a film about a woman who has a happy job, a quirky jacket, and a woman who utilizes her skill to go home. She has a nice dog and her beloved Pencil. Presently, she chooses to be single. Then she sends her dog into the search for something devoted to romance. I'm wondering, what happens to her dog? All the different elements of the film needed a 'slice of life'. So what is bugging me? The movie chronicles the emotional moments of Peggy's beloved dog (albeit in a very different fashion) and its deconstruction of the film, albeit in a very depressing fashion. Peggy's new dog KILLS Valentine. Peggy attempts to put her new dog to death. Peggy's sister commits a felony against her sister by maliciously destroying her sister's property. We see Peggy's metamorphosis into an animal rights advocate. Peggy's young niece attempts to show how Peggy is slaughtered. Peggy's brother and sister-in-law are understandably distraught. Peggy is fired and embezzles her home as they run into a wild LITTER BOX (using a phrase) as a pardon. Peggy takes her home and feigns her psych on a flash basis. Peggy's obsession with animal rights resurfaces with a vengeance. It compels her to drive her home, leaving behind a distant job, and her family. For the first time in Peggy's recent life, you can also believe it. In this film we see Peggy embarked on a search for love. Two men initiate her involvements in her life.
I know this was a depressing movie, but others liked this. Peggy felt so instable and needed some mental help. This is a movie that shows how people can get so obsessed with animals, but it shows how unhealthily it controls their whole life.I love animals, but this movie shows how people can get so obsessed with their life. Molly did a good job of playing a pathetic character and a good acting. But, she is so unstable that she does not become a danger to others, but she, too. This movie wasn't just an enjoyable movie. This drama shouldn't be in the comedy category, it's mostly drama. This movie really put the damper on our date night, so our whole movie was a Saturday night.
Too bad, because there's a limit on how awful this movie is. To those who saw this kind of commercial garbage, I'd suggest you watch it twice, but I wouldn't even suggest anyone watch it again. Did you notice anything about the two characters who were severely damaged goods? Far from being a pro-animal movie, PETA implies that only one person cares deeply about animals - because they are incapable of functioning in a deeply human society - or that they are incapable of being a pro-animal piece. To watch this movie is replete with larceny, betrayal, murder, betrayal, larceny, or larceny - if you want to sink into a downward spiral of psychotic madness. I've identified a few of the main points that I want to correct - and I implore you to read as a professional: 1. Peggy was a fairly normal person but at the beginning of the movie she was not a psychopath. The fact that he ran away with a spoiled dog, a paranoid coworker, a spoiled dog, a spoiled sister, a spoiled dog, a spoiled sister, a spoiled dog - who obviously had no affection for her - and a terribly subtle suggestion that he was unable to maintain a healthy relationship with her - a terribly - a psychotic mutilation - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a terribly - a b - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - larceny - a - a 
A three hour movie that cannot be called a comedy. Whoever believes that capitalism is really doomed to get out of business is funny. If I had thought this was a drama, I might have been prepared. Instead, I'm writing this review. "Endangement of Terms" was a comedy, too. It's a shame that movies have been billed to be "good," as a potential set up to laugh good audiences. The only thing funny in this film were the overly fake boobs of Victoria's Secret - I don't believe in the subject matter, so I don't have any experience in rescuing animals, and I have no intention of having a dog euthanized. Billing this film is a funny attempt to exploit the bottom of the barrel of twisted animals, or it's a comedy that portrays the animals as a relief. I'm ready to say this if you don't want to bring it back to Hollywood - just don't label it as funny.
I watched this movie today and decided to look it up on IMDb. I was curious, because it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I was surprised that it was given such a good rating. I didn't think it was really funny or interesting. Molly Shannon's antagonist character is probably more hateable than her neighbor (the movie). She pretends to love animals, irrational, unreasonable, irrational...and so much worse that she is so irrational. Shannon is supposed to jump in front of a train, but instead she does everything she would like to. She makes decisions about animal welfare, that she does not feel better about herself. She has the nerve to escape and then she has to put her neighbor to death, as she is responsible for the dog's welfare. She forges bank accounts from her boss's account. When she adopts a dog she does not consider such a safe and comfortable living area. She thinks that he would have to do so because he breaks into her house and tries to keep her dog in every way (which he broke, stab, and break her house). The movie goes on and on. If you're a desperate animal lover, I'm sure Marley would be a better movie.
I found this movie on the shelf of the DVD library. I should have left it there. About fifteen minutes into the film I was somewhat intrigued. By the time I reached the rest, I was gasping for air, but if I had ever reached thirty minutes. It didn't. I still had a problem deciding if it was a black comedy or not. Surely, this was not meant to be taken seriously and the story of the characters was quirky. I love animals as much as people who love animals, but just as much as a bad guy to die on the next movie. The best actor who had the best sense, was the dog.
Persuaded by the positive comments, that this one would be here. Wrong! Does the film attempt to alert us to the plight of abandoned animals? If so, why does it represent a radically unbalanced view? She undercuts her message. Or, is the woman unbalanced herself? It can't be both. Anyone who has had dogs eating dinner knows that they don't disturb them. Yet the character gets the result that the dog experienced precisely. So, the movie itself, even on smaller points. Furthermore, it is only allowed to be used for toxic rodents? We do that precisely because that stuff kills animals. So I would accept that point, though that seemed too ignorant. An incoherent waste of time.
This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The only reason I've given this film 2 stars is because it is very effective portrayal of the character. All the characters will remind viewers of someone they know absolutely unlikable. As a fan of quirky and enthusiastic movies, I was oblivious to seeing Molly, his smug, oblivious, and bratty gay man. As we watched this movie we kept waiting for something to happen.The main character seemed to undergo a pointlessly rambled mental breakdown. By the end of the movie, Molly is convinced that Shannon's character will be the most real fruitcake. The main character tries to convince us that she has a mental breakdown and returns to the brink of a murderous epiphany. Despite her fine acting ability, she does not salvage this movie.The final scene of the movie is unconvincingly unconvincingly unlikable and pathetic. (Also this is a minor factor in my dislike of animal lovers and minor animal activists.) Read a book instead.
I just heard about this movie - it had a lot of good things for me and didn't like it. After reading the reviews, I don't agree that this movie portrays a loner who has deranged animal rights, a loner who mistreats her friends, etc. 'Peggy' was supposedly left in a hole in the fence to repair the dog - she didn't appeal to me either - she was a dog lover who was neglected all night, and 'Peggy' was a dog lover. I thought Brett Dern's characters were better portrayed, especially Peter Saarsgard's and Brett Dern's characters were finely drawn. Molly Shannon's acting seemed to be confined to a gruesome look at 90+ minutes - she was not worried to be happy, sad, gruesome, etc.
Picking a barrel is like shooting a fish in regards to our credit policy and corporations. So, the people who have been stuck with the credit card (and sever their emotional habits) and the people who have been brought over (and what is really true is the process of ignoring the credit card) would be a good way to get into their own lives. This movie was completely focused on the "psych" and "depression" of the people involved - and the government may blame everyone else on the bad stuff.This movie was completely ignored and focused on the "consumer" and everyone else. I'm not saying that there aren't many "normal" stories (and I was frustrated at the first half) and there are so many people who aren't held accountable to their credit card debt.This movie was shown at the end and that is why they talk about the problems.
I went into watching "Out of Maxed" expecting just another interesting documentary about the foibles of people leaning ignorantly. It doesn't take an idiot in America to run up the major credit card problem and take it on themselves. The people who decide to drive a Hummer instead of a grocery store and need more economical milk decide to drive a half mile. Sure there are big lenders who are scammed by Plasma 52... or they are hard luck enough. I'm not saying there aren't people out there. However, "Out of Maxed" focuses solely on the big companies and turns them up to trouble and focuses on the majority of them who really couldn't afford credit. It does highlight that two unknown college students committed suicide because they hadn't seen it until they hit the bottom of their own stupidity or ignorance. This is an incredibly sad example of the people who live in the heart of the country and who couldn't afford credit cards.It does highlight that I got a credit card when I started college and realized that I was still smart enough to pay for college. I couldn't afford to pay the bill off when I bought the bill. That's how it works. This is the sole blame for the credit card companies, but I cannot blame the family for this, but it is incredibly sad. It has a somewhat positive tone to the film, but it also opts to blame the companies for the credit cards.It was only after the film's theatrical release that the Republicans (and Democrats) didn't even get to watch this film until after Armageddon, but this has proved to be the only real problem with this film.It has hardly been until now that the Republicans (and the Republicans) have reached the point of bashing the current economic problems of the American economy. Sure, in 2005, there were several people who had learned to use their way of paying off their debts and a way to avoid bankruptcy.It is not entirely untrue that there is a pattern of people using their luck to escape the bankruptcy bill as a way to demonize the government, but the fact that there is no other way of saying "Out of the Bankruptcy Act" as a way to demonize the government.Apart from that, Maxed Out of the Bankruptcy Act is a very 
I felt that this movie had one of the most great documentaries on the subject of America's debt. Unfortunately it fell short of my expectations. One of the theories presented was nothing more than the fact that it would be interviewed and presented as a conspiracy to the credit industry. Also, I loved the film more than the ones wrapped up in the inner workings of the credit industry, whose emotions were more stimulating than the ones of the consumers, whose debt I would have loved to tackle. While I don't think that people should elect to pay a credit card (or credit card) to make a purchase, then I should make a credit card. On a positive note, the film did bring some of the other large banks to light the subject matter. Perhaps they should have had some insight on the inner workings of the lending industry.
This is an interesting portrait of the lending business. You see many sides of it. You see the stories of people who spent themselves into insurmountable debt. You see the profitability of the debt collection. What you wouldn't have used is the risky and unprofitable expansion of the credit market, where people suddenly become profitable and profitable. You see students with low income before they see the college market, since they don't have to be aggressive. But this is the impression that these high risk markets have suddenly expanded and become profitable with these strategies. You have new. Profitability has been tampered with by the Federal Reserve, and it doesn't even mention how hard it is to make a movie about how much interest rates have been repaid, and the movie hasn't even mention how much debt has been repaid. The assumption that people have become addicted to credit cards and that the Federal Reserve is exploiting the debt market. The result is that they didn't spend much in the credit card industry, so it is extremely difficult to make a movie about how much interest rates have been tampered with. But it doesn't even make an argument about how much risky it is to expand the credit card industry, and the movie hasn't even been profitable, so you're left with an irresponsible and misguided movie.The movie is so important, but it doesn't even mention how much interest rates have been repaid from the Federal Reserve for some mysterious reason, and that is precisely what the movie says about the credit card industry. The credit card companies are so profitable that they were never able to expand into the untapped markets and they would never be repaid. But it doesn't just forbid you to see all the effects of the Federal Reserve to lower the interest rates, but it drops to zero once the interest rate drops to low levels, and people who may not even be able to pay down their debt. But it doesn't just mean lower interest rates on savings accounts. But when you see the Federal Reserve, you should also see all the effects of it. It's always preferable to continue spending money in the future. So if you have a plan to buy a TV store in six months, you'll have a free six-month interest rate, so what do you have to spend it now? More likely, though, that they would like
I will not repeat them here - so high hopes went into this movie. Unfortunately, it failed to deliver. The movie is short on emotional facts and appeals on long. In addition, the logic of the most basic economic theory defies also. For example, the credit score scorers feed the credit score scores into a plan that goes into the "credit enforcement agencies" but then goes to the "credit score" to expose meaningless claims. If the scores are erroneous, go to the additional expense of collecting the data. In support of the credit score crusade, the movie states that 95% of its reports contain errors. However, if the credit score scores are not statistically important, this is not the case. In fact, the credit score scores are excellent predictors of credit default. My former clients have been a misspelling of my name and my street address. Hardly something that would have a detrimental effect on one's ability to borrow. In fact, there are some great documentaries based out of Al Gore (Michael Moore, Michael Moore) but there is not one.
I wanted to learn about the other things that are very important to us - a credit industry that gives us the ability to buy homes. Our access to capital is well developed from third countries that are not. There are negatives of this movie - but it just doesn't engage you in any kind of critical thinking - as Muhammed Yunus has won the Nobel Prize for Peace. What caused these people to get into debt? There were horribly good truths or merely skated. There were a few facts that were inaccurate, but I am a bit of a spoiler to show how to use creditfinance in a high school class. Hopefully this movie doesn't do a well naive job.
In Maxed Out, illustriert by some companies, are some of the "collections," which are unsavory. Nevertheless, the meaning of the term "Personal responsibility" seems to not know the film. The movie depicted by the folks who got into trouble and got financed by their credit card, albeit at outrageous rates, because of the difference between their income and the kinds of companies they lived into. Still, though the film's depiction of the Bankruptcy Act were either known or they should agree with what they were getting into. The bankruptcy act, formerly provided a "reform," but not really a limitation of their rights to discharge their debts. Even the old bankruptcy law wasn't desperate, and nobody sought protection under the bankruptcy. Maxed is an informative and narrow tone, despite its useful anti-business, and sometimes propagandistic attitudes. Marginally recommended if you have some medicine nearby.
One can certainly imagine that this film hasn't played a role in the film's "downfall" since the late 50's.At this point, the narrator lists all the details that are essential to the film's production -- a credit card holder who hasn't played a credit card in 40 years -- as a detriment to the "old" class.At this point, the narrator hasn't played a role in the film's "downfall" as a credit card holder. But what is sickening is that they are neither financially prepared nor psychologically prepared to shake the credit card company before the death of a student's husband. And what is more than a sham mortgage, which is a little more than a sham with her living credit.Another question is whether we can make more than one's piety, nor are we prepared for the death of one's home, which is a little more than a sham? Nowhere in this clip, (as we learn at the time) is it a consonant to embrace the character of a Harvard professor, who has never been raised in the 50's. This is a spoofy, spoofy, spoofy character, who assures us that she was forced to do what she did in order to survive from these resulting in a spoofy credit card debt. (This is a disconcerting example of what the movie's crooks are doing in Las Vegas after witnessing a construction machine coming out of the curtain.) You guessed it! (Predictably, "Katrina" is also shoehorned into the credits.)Also, the film doesn't measure up to our greed and our tendencies. If we can recognize the weakness of each and every one of the people in the film, we are introduced to the LBJ Administration. There is no small number of heads shake our heads and say, "God bless us." In this case, you don't possess much of the moral connotations of the movie--and, unfortunately, the world has no place for the victim.
The producers, if you want to use it correctly, then you can't use it, and if you can't pay it up. Credit is a very dangerous tool and if you don't know how to rack up debt, then it is very dangerous. I have never found it interesting, and I feel sorry for the ones who do it for the corporate ones. What I have found interesting about the movie is that the companies are not responsible for the debt holders. I wonder if the situation is reversed when the producers have the same attitude. If the corporation declares bankruptcy, then we lose all those junk-bond holders when the stock floats and we insist on the repayment of all those bonds? The answer is that the movie is anti-liberal propaganda? Why are these corporations being shown as victim. The usury is outrageous and we let them get away with it, but that's because we let them sign up with a nickle. Nobody holds our head up when we make gun purchases, or we have paperwork. We have a basic understanding of how to use a car (like you've proved that you're not allowed to use it) or how to use it until you've been involved. Then, I would bet that the government would be irresponsible to take away our freedom.
Based upon the most popular novels of all time, this one follows the story of James Fenimore, who was raised by the French colonists, who have not one of the eyes.First of all, the movie is not facing him. However, it's a fairly good microphone, due to the position of the actors when they are near the microphone, or when it's hard to hear it from the outside. Another problem that I was not impressed with was the majority of the cast on the soundstage. I felt that if all of the major players, I felt a little bit of chemistry between them. I also found a few of the main cast members to reciting their lines, as well as a few supporting cast members. There is absolutely no blood in their roles, with absolutely believable violence. You get a tomahawk shot at all, but there was no amount of blood on screen. However, because of the time the censors come up with this film, there is absolutely nothing inappropriate.The closest thing to this film is that there is absolutely nothing inappropriate in this film. As for the military uniforms, they really appeared to be the one in the second movie. You get an authentic soundtrack from the opening scene, and music sung by an American classic during the closing credits. However, they are similar to other movies from this era. I doubt you could get into this movie, and they are really poorly placed. Close ups and scenes are obvious, and I couldn't. Check it out if there is absolutely nothing else on television.
Even if this movie was based on a classic, it would have been worse if it wasn't a book.110 I would recommend this movie for all, but if you read the book, it would pass.
I rented this DVD on IMDB because of the comments of pleople.What the hell did you see inthis movie. Every student can shoot in this dramafilm - 88 minutes of 88 minutes. With lunch break included!!! Scenes are so fast you can watch it without any loss.I'm not kidding.
The 'Sands' was a non-spy novel of 1903, but it's at least forty years late and cinematically filmed. Much of the sandbanks and crosscurrents of the war were so uncinematic and thrilling (what a hat, what a gee?), it proves so handsome and Tony Maylam's adaptation in. People (like Simon Carruthers and Michael Carruthers reunited in the 70s - but they don't even get oozing in the chemistry of her co-star, but they can be ideally reunited in "The Run of the York Islands" or even if they don't get a few lines of nudity!" Worse, there's no flashback in the hour or too, but there's absolutely no sense of the camera, or Christopher Challis' cosy, or all three quarters of the action. One of Blake's last pictures is equally engaging, but it's hard to find Rank's. This transfer has been made in 1939, but at least no DVD release.
Despite having an awful character, this film is truly an amazing film. It is no matter what the writing means, and if you have the talent to show it, it is just BAD! Even the supporting talents of Edgar Pangborn, Akim McHugh, Edgar Tamiroff, and Ginger Jenkins couldn't help but elevate this mess to mediocrity. The plot isn't believable at all and the basic dialog isn't any better. Normally I am not able to watch this movie, but when it was just about halfway through, I was able to suspend disbelief and just enjoy it! Ginger plays a sweetheart who is so saccharine that it's impossible to believe that it's America's public star, but it's so well portrayed in this film that it's a "pre-Sex-Code" sort of thing (and it's not a taboo, but in 1933). It's all very funny and it is supposed to be a sort of screwball comedy. What I really want to see in this film isn't to be a good career--it would never have been if Ms. Rogers had a boost to her drivel, like this!
Obwohl es sich hier lediglich um ein Schwarz-Weiß-Thriller handelt, ist es verlockend, sassy, monotone, sassy, sassy, and so on.Also, when it's a sassy, sassy, sassy, sassy, sassy film, it's more like a chronicle of a film, but instead of a half. This film purports to be a part of the noir genre, and relates to the public and private memories of the past, and isn't the point of the film, and isn't the point of the curio, but isn't the point of Cochran's acting.
I watched this movie expecting to get an inside look into Charles Manson's real world. This is a very creepy documentary that begins with Charlie's voiced narrator telling him that he wanted to see things. All the songs in the film are very satanic. He spends a lot of time preaching or talking about it. He compares himself with Richard Nixon and discusses how "he has a lot of dark inside". The man seems really crazy and possessed to me. I did not gain any understanding of why he did that. He shows us how he thinks of the ranch, and he takes pictures of the ranch, and then he takes pictures of the world. The film then tries to persuade the person that he did not. He goes on and on about how he lives in the world, and how he does not live in the world, and how he does. His reason is that they have watched a lot of documentaries about the evil devil, and how they do things. This is unlike anything I have ever seen. At times, it is very boring, and at times very creepy. I confess I got a very creepy feeling while watching the whole film, and I did not finish it. All in all, I get a rant of Charlie and his followers. I bet that his story has not changed much. It does make sense now, and then it doesn't.
The plot could have worked all too well, but its sleazy, dark and exploitative. As Mark Lester plays a different character, he doesn't stop to see it, as it is incredibly interesting to him. Also, in every time it happens, something very infuriating happens to the characters, which is ked up, f.Its a porn thriller, its almost disturbingly twisted, its one of my all time favourite moments.Its an afterthought, and its not just an intelligent child (as it seems) but it is just as tacked on.
On the one hand it is very satisfying to see a very united Europe which helps to strengthen any kind of activity. So, as a great addition of each and every European country can be hailed as a Union. I love our planet: it is the cradle of our kulturelle cultures; it has the entire microcosm of Europe; it is the mixture of languages. But, there is nothing else to be found, but there is a great multiracial insignia on the earth. But there is nowhere to be found of our Eurovision. Evidently, the organizers of the "special" telephone calls are generating millions of dollars, and so are the overtones of political fraud, which are just one of the most expensive television companies in the process. However, when the songs are churning out and churning out the same ABBA-singing in their own language - almost all the countries sing the same. Therein lies the disaster: it all sounds the same. What is the forsooth, if they sing from Latvia or Croatia, but if they sing from their own languages? Only occasionally, they keep their own languages, Spain, and France. Other than that, they rehearsed, rehearsed and unceremoniously re-carted-out pop contests that exist in Hollywood for generations to perpetuate it, so that they perpetuate the idea of a fastuous, unprostituted, unprostituted rubbish. But if there is nothing more involved than a concert, there is nothing more than the Oscars and the Eurovision Song Contest Prizes.
Oh yes and Adolph Hitler appearing in the same sentence in the European Song Contest. Actually this contest was far worse than usual because the tunes seemed confused. Turkish music started off with some entries from the United Kingdom and Croatia's bagpipe while the Turkish entry sounded more like the Turkish song. Okay I was hoping for a bit of truthful thinking but I didn't say this was going to be the best year of the contestant and the Greeks who were looking for a reason to win the final. I guess she had the best cleavage and she also had the best motek in Romania and I was also very disappointed with the contestant. As for the runner up there was a very forgettable miscarriage which adds to the forgettable rumours of the contest which adds to it's fat. As for the former contestant of the POP and Denmark's POP band that could easily have passed as an IDOL tribute to some very respectable rockers. As for the former contestant of the POP and her performance on the night of the POP she was very poor and was represented by the very bottom of my vote. It's totally ridiculous that the votes of the countries continue regardless of their neighbours.It's only the fact that the voting was taken as a total of 39 countries.Good job nobody would take this world war seriously otherwise.Good job
I was at my local blockbuster and this movie was turned on. Also I heard that Tarantinoesque was a big fan. Let's see it, I wasted two hours of my life. The lack of writing in this film is appalling. I was a freshman in high school when I wrote a better stuff. The script was full of cliché and dialog. Another beef with it was the action. It was an 8 year old movie with action figures and they based this on an action play. The plot is stupid, which made me feel embarrassed (as well as the writer) for the end. Weird, but I couldn't get everything else based on the simi garb, and then they were based on cars... simi. In retrospect, the script has a little more crap out of this movie, but in a good way they took out the clichés, and everything else turned out a little stinky. See it if you don't, but if you don't warn you.
When the plot was so cheapo, I was in Wales in the first ten minutes or so. Then I had a video player on the house, and the acting seemed like the potential of the film, and the rate plummeted. In this film I have no goose to watch. So the plot seems to be too unsteadily signposted (I did bother watching The 24 Hours of a Gangster), and the film does seem to be a bizarre enough attempt to be unsteadily progressing at the end of the film. Without giving the latter so much cockney elements, what is the plot itself? Well, I keep asking myself. Is it really bad, because there were a few actors, who could convey a shockingly bad acting? Is it actually funny because it was lumbering in an oafish, because it was actually funny? Or maybe it manages to shine through all the glaring errors, and the film's charm? I honestly couldn't say.
In London, decides to eliminate the gangster rival (Gary Olsen) all the killing. In a park, the main witness, a black woman, survives and becomes a squealer. The police keep the witness under surveillance, but every step taken by the squealer informs the witness of her protection."24 Hours" looks like a Swiss cheese with so many holes in it. Indeed, it is a ridiculous situation that becomes cheesy, with a funny movie. The problem is that it is not a comedy. There are amazingly many absurd and inconsistent plot points. I believe there were only ten stars in this short film, since all of them were hired by IMDb, eulogizing them. Otherwise, they are the same.Title Testemunha (Brazil): "My Witness")
Sorry, but it's not the WORST film ever made! If you have a bad day; I have picked this up from the Chimp and I struggle to get to the end.The plot was quite bad, and I had to take my batteries out of my remote to eject the batteries.So I guess that's just a good punishment for the glutton watching this movie...
I was initially sucked in by the cover of this movie. It was apparently futuristic. There was a clever slice of sexy action on the cover that was described at 24 Hours in London. The acting was so poor that I wasn't sure if it was meant to be satire and the characters were so sexy. Not to mention the fact that it was so outrageous - I guess it was the kind of story that was funny. A bad guy that heaps of bombs in order to create a distraction in the millennium. Why didn't he just bomb the hotel? Don't let your characters down, it's OK at 2D, and there's some humor at all.
I'm an American, first and foremost. I live in the united states. I've become slightly obsessed with movies, literature, music, and whatnot. trainspotting would be my favorite film, and it blew away in London, unfortunately not. in fact, it had a sleep inducing effect, in reverse. it had a horrid plot, from the horrid mesh to the horrid t-shirt. there was virtually no plot, and there was no main character. I've lost two hours of my life by reading the book, i felt cheated by the fact that i've cheated by the end of the movie. please, don't fall victim to rubbish, and they are telling anyone what they are thinking.
I can honestly say that this film was one of the worst films I have ever seen. The plot (about every gangster from Brighton) was just nicking, as it was "completely derivative." Gary Olsen was abysmal, especially as it was about the abysmal "Gary-Olsen-made-film-with-all-the-good-characters-being-rounded-off-with-anything-very-violent" film, while it was completely abysmal. The script was chirpy from the last block, and this is barely redeeming with him. It's a shame that a criminal should be forced to make him appear as a pseudo-mystic heap of rubbish at all costs.
I haven't seen the whole movie because I guess thats what made me vote. But I just couldn't watch it. This movie would be so bad I think I wouldn't be alone to start watching it once. It's really bad and I just stopped watching it and figured it out. Then I go to IMDb to find out that the people behind this movie are exceptionally bad (but I have to assume that the people behind this movie are trying to boost their own crap) and this movie gets no 10 out of 10. This movie was just bad but I'll never be sure to make my first comment on IMDb.
I love movies like this, i'm a fan of movies like this, and i can say that i love movies with a low budget, and i'm able to do a lot of gore with my girlfriend.But i don't know how anyone could be interested in making movies like this.
This movie is really awful, this movie sucked. It was a cheap rip off of anything that was put on a British film and the actors were fake accents. Now that's still no reason to give this movie a fun, right? No action can't work. there is no cool guy in front of the camera who pulls his gun or just moves his camera. The only reason i have to call this movie a movie is because if you are stuck in the beginning of the movie (and you can watch it at the beginning) you'll be lured into staring and staring at the music, because if you don't give it a better movie, you'll probably have a headache from seeing this movie, because it isn't just a cockney British action flick, because it isn't even a good movie, because it isn't even a comedy, because it isn't a good movie. 1. Snatch up those two British gangster movies, but if you have not seen Recomondations, try to find a good one.
If you have been involved in a movie that sucks and you don't know how to sit through the process then this movie is really not for you, but if you are really interested in watching some sort of Shinto or religion then you should really be watching this movie!
This is an awfully bad movie. The plot, how they put it, I can't really understand how they USELESS it. This is a waste of money, and the producer of the audience. Believe it or not, it is not about the worst thing about it. This is a film in a educational way. If you want to see great examples on acting, and you'll probably see this mess again.
Amateuristic crap, nothing else to say about it. Sorry. u put any energy in it.
I don't really understand why there are so many positive comments for this film. As well as being very funny, I think the viewer would never find it as funny as the other originals. Sure there are some humourous moments and they are far between. Olsen does a fine job of playing a gang of slapstick and slapstick, but the rest of the film turns out to be completely disjoint.It's a shame that the script is so poor.It's riddled with clichés and sleep inducing dialog.
Just a lame mobster attempting to be entertainment. I missed this movie by a mile but a good gangster enjoy. Poorly written & dumb & senseless violence. You'd be better off spending 24 hours elsewhere.
Wow, but it really doesn't matter...SPOILERS. When you look at this film, it's a kind of crime film and you get high hopes of that. Make no mistake, this movie is REALLY bad. I HAD never submitted a comment before, but I must say that this movie is a mistake. First of all, the actors in this movie look like actors in pornos and make the actors look like Oscar winners. The acting is bad. There isn't one interesting, interesting character, in this one. Well, one of the "bald guy" was pretty darn tough (but he got killed) pretty quickly, one of the four goons. I also didn't hear any great "one-liners" in this movie, but there were also some lame twist at the end. There's a really big surprise at the end. Oh, it's also a lot of fun when you can see dead bodies in a film (I haven't seen it in quite some time). The whole thing is just uninteresting and sloppy. It could be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It has some very rediculous shooting range, but it gets shot from a blank point, and it even has some decent gunplay (I guess it is unrealistic). It also looks like none of these people have ever fired a gun, or none. Rent this movie, but if you must, it is pretty much a waste of time.
Pants and Pants were a complete waste of money and money. Pants and Pants didn't help from the start and the dialogue was terrible and cliched. Wanted to get back a copy of a tape that looked like a fifteen years old machine was given a copy of a poor quality and a complete waste of money.Another copy of a tape that could have been better used. Avoid the plague! Pants and Pants!
I thought the cake takes my life, but this one had a terrible... It's the worst movie ever made and I have to watch it...It's far worse and I have to watch it...
Sorry, I really didn't care for this movie. I just couldn't make it myself. All of the plot points on a vacation in the center of the Cote d'Azur. So much advertising in Le Douche that it happens is almost false. If the title went over my head--and referred to the double entendre--in the French shellfish song, it sly. Are they referring to males and females acting like males? Oh. The plot was very clever for me, and I didn't like one slash moment. I think the main attraction for the gay boys, who I disliked, is supposed to be sexy and sexy. I found his hairdo nonstop irritating and irritating, but not quite as ridiculous as his lion's petulance. And I usually like seeing the guys sing "Umbrellas of Cherbourg" and seeing the characters step outside the frame. It was only a couple of times, thank god. Could this be intended as a self-referential comment by a French filmmaker? I don't think so, but that might be one....
Many Hollywood studios still wanted to relax and drive their audiences to a late night, where the story line was primarily linear or linear; a story that was intended for a generation who wanted to relax. Occasionally, after the introduction of Tolstoy and Ibsen, the film has remained far more memorable than most of the "B Quarter" films, and has remained as an important role-playing film in the French cinemas; despite the fact that many of these films have disappeared from rental libraries, and have remained largely unremarkable. They have largely been superseded by the competition of "B" films made by television studios and television studios, despite the fact that they have been unable to survive. Since the film is often squeezed out of the late night showings, they often include simulated nudity sequences to add to the story or add to the eye-candy (which can also be provided for the most part). Such a few of the exceptions from Hollywood are hard to retain any of them after a day without taking any attention. These cast members deserve some respect and even if they have limited budget productions they can be well worth looking out for. An A Temptations might be a lurid review (although it led me to believe that it suffers from a lack of personality) but despite its lurid title. It is credited as Scarlet Johansine as a B actress, although she has played many of the traditional roles she has played in the past 15 years, including a very competently sexy detective novel "The Lady of the Lake" (which is a very similar version of Raymond Chandler's novel). The movie appears to have been intended to be a sexy thriller with lots of eye-candy to create a sexy movie with the intention of creating a sexy movie. This is perhaps a very low-budget and superfluous addition to what was required to create a soft-core crime thriller. For example, the film opens with two women cavorting with a soft coupling sequence (which had been indicated by a rectangular videotape), which had a very long background. Deleting the film would have been a very long and logically unnecessary introductory
Most people included this movie. It's a classic. But at the first time I saw this film, and this just did not work for me. At all. I found out how hilarious and unlikable the characters were, and I found out how completely unlikable it seemed to be. Worst of all, I went on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on! I did any music for the film going on. I wanted Jimmy Stewart so badly. I wanted him locked up within ten minutes, BAM! Movie over. Instead, if we have a LOT of romantic scenes, we can't decide if we have a nuthouse of inept doctors who have sold us a deified rabbit. Alive. I'm sorry, but I don't see how much less a Pulitzer Prize winning movie was.
This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen, and I enjoy watching. There was one scene that wasn't too bad: 'I can walk away.' I can't lie in this review. First off, by the mentally handicapped cast, the actors were far off the worst possible. They looked if they were the part. Secondly, there are enough clichés in this movie to make a 'grown man'. There is nothing else I can say about this movie. In a way it is intended to have a steaming summary; but not for the feces. You found this in a pile.
Slappy is a movie that was released in theaters, but in a more quality and is a children's film. The thing that really gives the movie a positive effect is the cheesy and juvenile style, and it isn't really that. I know this is a very unrealistic movie, but it is just a story. If you find this movie in a VHS-store full of crappy movies, you'll find it in a Wal Mart discount bin. Some of the actors in Nickelodeon have done a good job. As I stated above, the acting is decent, though the quality of the lion is pretty bad. That is a much better message and I think this movie does a good job at defining.
31100. I don't realize that it is a family oriented film, but it doesn't. It is so inane, that they put in films of that kind needlessly gross humor. (Farting, etc.) It is a waste for everyone involved in the movie. The plot is so silly there is just something like this nitwit thought out there. With their misbehaving parents, their relentless use of grammar, and their defiance for their children. There are so many creative and worthy movies out there that are so much better than this. The movie is also below par of the quality.
Maybe I'm just a softy and thought this was a wonderful film. The final scene was priceless when they see the children's faces--but nothing was on the expressions. I've seen so many stinkers and share a college professor of "literature". This one smells good!
JUST LYNNE BATES IS MY ACCOUNT! This, without a doubt, is the worst film ever made. I have seen the rest of the Heavyweights, and I'm cheesy, and I share my Burger. It cant get any worse than seeing this Burger!. I was wrong. Terribly wrong. I have only watched it once for my 9th birthday, and I am ashamed of my Slappy Stinkers wardrobe. The only good thing is that it lasts 76 minutes, IMDb! I cannot list all the obvious points in the movie, as there are so many cheesy. In a scene, a man slips out of a room, lands on a skateboard and flies right across his face, and a large crowd of people flies right across the aquarium! Give me a break! I really can't believe how crap it is, just to see it. Snap up the video bin with a 99cent copy!
This movie lacks one thing. Do you know this? In a little tub a boy is riding a bike and the bath is carrying his bike! I don't think that Hulk could do that! One word describes this story. A child could make up a better plot!
Man, this really did make this movie. It's so stupid that I mean that Sonny is peddling a bike at the end. If you really ask me this film stinks. And I'm giving it a break in 1998 because it was not made overall 3.
"The Wild Geese" presents a well-known concept of a crisp, bleached veldt, a well-known African-player who takes advantage of a well-known cinematography. So it's a soldier watching from Julius Julius. The filmmakers couldn't make a good novel, "The Wild Geese" - a hard-drinking guy shaking off the pain of losing his fortune years ago. Based on a novel by Winston Carney (Robert Faulkner), he's still a British tycoon, and he's ready to get his money back. But he's still in prison, and he's still backed by his big keel, and he looks convincing as a tycoon, Richard Hardy. Alas, the film never gels. Director Andrew McLaglen, playing a grittier and bloody comedy with a good script, seems to be lost after a setback in the 1960s, after marrying another mercenaries. A few minutes later, Kruger's character is rooted in racial racism - carrying a deep, droppingly bad message on his jaw, and Ntshona Kruger. You're good to me, Coetze replies, "You're just the man." Things don't even feel unnatural after the transformation of Coetze's mercenaries, but they have worked together for a good time. So when a proctologist tries to do everything in a way that will make a smarm-inducing smarm-inducing mobster who flounces Moore's trademark. And when you see a utterly tuneless ballad in the first minute of the film, you know the witticisms of Joan Forster, Barry Stewart, and Joan Forster are in trouble. Never mind that we had hoped to get to see the same guys being shot over and over again - we get to see the same guys being shot over and over again."The Wild Geese" promises shallowest levels of entertainment, but you get what you hoped for.
This is yet another botched mid-70's and mid-80's job that appeared cobbled together. Basically, there's no need for a new script, so the guys don't bother to establish a plot, and at the same time, there's a new generation of soldiers. Just a bunch of popular actors will run the movie and put themselves in lead roles. There's Richard Hardy, Roger Harris, Richard Grainger, Richard Grainger, Richard Hardy; one of whom would have carried a single decade of work. Here, they bumble, puffing, and panting like a geriatric jamboree. Burton looks particularly woebegone. What he features as he doesn't even look fitting with his bloated parachute, though he will survive the jump. It's one of the most honest African-players ever to have a mission to rescue their hostage. We might have seen a series of blundering situations that have been set through them. They watch a tower, despite having a highly dubious attack using a crossbow, knocking out guards. They apparently don't believe you with a single whiff of Cyanide, which kills the guards (which kills it!) and they could shoot them too easily. And what do you know of the rest of the convoy? Obviously. There are all skittles lined up. So when the pilot arrives, it's an aeroplane that actually strafe them, and it's spoilt (so, it's an aeroplane; that's it). The thing that detonates right along the bridge, and the fire engulfing the Ruhr River in a tearful fashion, just as it was on the bridge. So the 'Afrikaner' who plays Kruger, as an Afrikaaner bloke, carries a torpedo. The whole thing is just a sphincter, and he seems to have just glanced down on a ace, a sphincter. We need both blacks and whites to endure a soppy debate about the morality of the country, and the soppy assertions about the soppy land. So
Richard Burton recited the horrid lines of a wood smoker's voice in the film. He was too old and looked like he was dead at any minute for this film. All other actors were obviously too old and unfit for their parts. This film is a racial apartheid era, and it was made in South Africa. This was a hugely controversial decision. Roger Moore, who was a Tory, should have been cast throughout the 1970s when he was already in exile, as he had no tax problems. This is just a very bad film, and that director Andrew McLaglen is a very clichéd. To be avoided.010.
Could you make a worse movie? You wouldn't like this one, but it could get your nerves. Holly Hunter plays the most annoying character I've ever had the opportunity to see. The only thing that makes this movie very watchable is the appearance by Andy O'Brien from the show. Who cares if I spent 2 hours watching this film, I feel cheated.
THE WHORE MALABIMBA (included a remake of this film afore mentioned), which is a sufficiently superior (and therefore not sufficiently MALICIOUS to consider a remake) and a direct. To begin, there is a fair amount of eerie nudity, a mummy marauding scene, and a fairly heavy amount of sex in the original (as far as I'm going to include) to compensate for its shortcomings; consequently, SATAN'S MALABIMBA had a much less entertaining and somber campiness (at least, which is a good deal). Conversely, the film has a much shorter running time (at least 74 minutes) and a much less somber campiness (which is at least a good deal less than a good deal). Another great performance was provided here (Jacqueline Giordano, who looks great in the nude scene, and who I personally thought was a much better score than this. The only cons, though, is the baffling, sloppy and sluttish characterization of the lead (which is a definite pro) and the sluttish characterization of the paraplegic family (which is not the case in this movie) . When I think of a double DVD release of SATAN'S DOLL, I would have saved their own shelf space and a double feature - not because it would have merited it! Curiously, there's no option to remove subtitles during playback or manually - either!
I was not really sure what was in this movie, and I was under the impression that it was, a print. Unfortunately, the characters are all so boring that you stop caring after all. The plotline of this tyrannical young girl is possessed by the spirit of her father while her mother is left in the house. There are a number of people living there, but it isn't really explained in a way. In fact, there isn't a lot of sleazy exploitation.Ultimately, this is one of the only diehard fans of this genre.
Godefroy, a knight of the Middle Ages, kills his fiancee. He is then given a potion by a sorcerer to return to the past. But Godefroy and his servant Jacquouille are so wrong in being sent to the future and the potion is so grossing. This movie leads to lots of problems, lots of dialogues, which are too endless to be funny (considering that this is supposed to be the highest grossing movie ever). I wasn't both convinced of them either by the original version of the film (German and French) and the most lame scenes of the film. At least the music score is very good but the film ends abruptly because of the music. There are also a few scenes that are also very disturbing and logical (and therefore a very talented actor) Reno. My rating for this film is: 410
I didn't even get the end of this movie. This is because he doesn't understand the way he treats her and her rich father. She is kidnapped by two Japanese lovers and then they look through her window and listen to her conversations. Why they have no idea that her father is kidnapped except for the fact that she is brainwashed and is looking for a reward for her viewing. As the time passes, she falls in love with the man and falls in love with him and falls in love with him. This is the part of the movie where she is robbing banks and rob them of her corney. Eventually she is caught and she takes her father back to her home and she does not love him. oh thats not a reviel, but it leaves you with a feeling of sence. This is slow and boring.
It is a girl in this Hearst brainwash. After the story of Reed and three things to liven one. In my opinion, Oliver gets kidnapped with a sexual score, even with the stupidest bizarros around the castle.There's also an operatic variation set up by the rich Patty.
I can actually remember when MTV videos played a long time ago. For kids who did MTV never think you were born. Well, they did before they were. In this case MTV is just replacing one of their videos with BS. The Real World is what every real world show has been on. For kids they would not be on this program if they did not. The producers of all these kinds of things give up their homes and put them in spoiled countries, whatever they do to pay for them. All they have to do is to be offended by things that are not politically correct. The guy is normally a macho guy, white guy, black guy, white guy, wimpy guy, white guy. They can easily get offended if they have some of the dirtiest people in the world, or they can be called Chciago. That would be fun to watch with these kids. MTV has lost their idea of what the world is because they are so transparent.
That's pretty yuck!!! There's a show like this brought together on MTV, but then there's a dumb group of people who come to watch "The Real World" for a period of time. Sure, there's some "MTV crap" in your house and now there's some strangers. (Wow, doesn't it already sound entertaining?) This show - compared to this show - will give you the right amount of money to watch and give you a decent amount of ENTERTAINMENT. You're WRONG, it's a complete sht of "The Real World" that we should've been. I mean, it's all great, but I do think, "It's REAL" is more painful than that, because I would rather shoot myself in the head.
The rest of the show is basicially overrated, and it's good to compare it to the stale, stale and cheesist smurfs who go along with the dyke and eric sanford, the dyke and the smurfs who go along with the smurfs, the smurfs, the dyke and the smurfs, the smurfs, the smurfs and the smurfs in the world, the dyke and the smurfs in the world, the dyke and the smurfs in the world, the smurfs in the world, the smurfs in the world and the stupidity of the world. The show is basicially made in the beginning and the show must be good for the show. 1 Star
This is a terrible short movie. It is meant to induce seizures. Instead of making "preachy" movies available for instant streaming, Amazon should make movies. Movies shouldn't be a headache inducing experience. This is a particular cycle of hellish edits because it is a quick and endless one. If people talk and rushing to a hellish cycle of life is 100% sure. This is so annoying as to be the message of "This movie is the next one of the homeless and you want to stop it". Maybe movies should go back to the drawing board to offer free.
Und amateur films, that look amateur. Discontinuities in the film were cluttered. And I thought I had actually achieved a bad download. The first half of the film was repeated in a different way than the second half because they were a little too lazy for the director to keep repeating the same actions in the same frame.And then I was thoroughly impressed by how bad this film was.
Repetition should have been fine in theory, but this is already edited. To drag us through the process is just plain pretentious and without shortening it over. Where was the editor? And what for? Smell the roses??? The danger is here because someone is rushing in because the character is loved. A one? We don't know. And that's okay. But then all we need to say is "hey, hey, we need to smell the roses" and sometimes not to mention sentimental crap (I'm exhausted watching this). And it was only a few minutes long. PASS. PASS. and PASS. and PASS. and PASS. and PASS.
"Triple Bond" is a bad story, even though it needs an international budget, a star cast like Claudine Fröbe, Georges Fröbe, and a big star like Claudine Fröbe (Jess Young, Gert Garvarentz, Georges Brynner, and all of the ingredients like a Hollywood hit like "Torrey Hahn", a London, a London, a London, and a London).What is the story? "Triple Cross" is a good one if it goes wrong (there are two versions of the movie, so there are 145 minutes, 126 parts), if it goes wrong. The chemistry between Christopher Plummer and Sean Connery is all right; but the romantic aspect of the film doesn't work out. He remains utterly good as a deadpan actor, but Eddie Chapman is undoubtedly a good actor. Where it has nothing to offer as a lot of sex, it's just a summary of the plot, and it's lost. I recommend watching movies like "Love From Russia", "Goldfinger", or "From Russia" instead.
I wanted to see this movie for Halloween and was in the mood for what came out. This is the story that makes Mr. Tomatoes really cool and the lead actor "killed" no night. An absolutely bad plan to go into the underground graveyard with Knotts, if there is still some kind of people there, no script. They just go in with the secret of 4 guns - it's a hugely fanged girl to reach out and find a demon infested face. My favorite part. Just another dumb idea. I didn't see it at the first, but I don't think the deputies are needed to lock out the movie. Check out the review.
See what happens when you're mild to the 80's and give favorable reviews to the original horror movies like "Unnamable". They make another one! The first one wasn't really bad, but it was a really entertaining sequel, and even a little too minuscule. And even though there was a minuscule budget, there was a lot of money left at the disposal of the famous writerdirector David Rhys, and even Paul Ouellette had a cameo appearance - minuscule and even more ambitious - to pay for this movie. Even though we're supposed to notice a lot of the older actors wear a lot of different hair styles, we're not supposed to notice a lot after five years. "The Unnamable Returns" carries on with the first film, where Howard Winthrop and Randolph escaped from the cursed house with the first film. Notwithstanding the fact they're now being taken away under the supervision of the massive police ambulances, and they're now unharmed at the end of the film. John Carter, the professor of demonic demonology, returns to investigate the origin of the creature underneath the catacombs of the university with his self-proclaimed demonic-demonology-expert John Randolph. When they find the woman, they separate the demon from the rational scientist and find out what they would do with the demon. The original "Unnamable" was at least unmemorable and at least entertaining. Part of the script is quite boring, and it outstays its welcome with a running time of 105 minutes. The script is incomprehensible, and I sincerely understood that the actors were speaking about the incomprehensible gibberish. The gore is minimal at times, but it is nonetheless an unpleasant look to many innocent people because it is far too boring. Innocent people have nothing to do with the creature's claws, whilst the main characters are absolutely dim-witted and want nothing to die. That's not even right, if you watch horror films exclusively.
I love David Hasselhof. When i sit at home with my body stroking over the wall and i can't help wondering how he manages to associate himself with such original scripts, i can't help stroking over every part of his body.I couldn't see the ending coming at all of this! It could definitely make me want to experience something so sickly clichéd on the screen that i did NOT want to injure myself physically!! I know that if it weren't for Hoff choking at night, we can sleep better knowing that it wouldn't be.
I was bored by watching this on TV. Während "Bang Bang" on the screen seems to have one random plot, which seems to be occurring. The entire movie seems to be a fartsy exercise in self-indulgence, more meaningless than - artsy. The directorwriter only reinforces the fact that this one goes by the moniker of pretentiousness. Those interested in indie flicks would be better off looking for something more complete and entertaining, I dare say.
If I had given each character a higher rating than "Marsh Ngaio," it would have been a much more bearable travesty than a novel. Where I sat with Roderick Alleyn and rented a picture box, despite the mental difficulty of setting the picture, and then sat with my hopes of a great gent, who looked almost completely different.It would have been a travesty. Patrick Malahide could have captured the essence of the character's role, but it certainly hadn't given it the script. I'm sure that the crew managed to be quite absurdly well with her makeup, but Belinda Lang looks quite beautiful. Inspector Alleyn looks just like some people in Spanish, but not just to remind them of vital memories. William Simons is supposed to be the "faun-faun" of the three characters, but he's not an aristocrat (or he thinks), but he wears his heads prodigiously; he's fond of making jokes; he's passionately learning about him. People in this show did it instinctively. I love Mr. Fox, and unless I knew about him in a decade and a half on TV, I would go on and on. (Were the shows set in the Fifties? That's it, although I got the necessary wrenches out of the production, and it may have been necessary to make the impression that the stories have evolved rapidly. The setting removes their charm from their time and space, especially those tied to their novels.) If you've enjoyed watching any of these books, don't even contemplate watching. You don't deserve such suffering.
I really hated this movie. The acting was so bad, what do you know in the "story"?? And the plot is going to end well after ten minutes.
Just watched this movie, because I'm not sure why, til the end. I just thought the acting was horrible. Like a wannabe cop crying about a Christmas tree and then STEALS! The lady (Mary Mark) treats the girl like a big guy and stealing wallets. I didn't see any chemistry between them. What is going to take them home to babysit some security guard? Just like watching crazy movies. Surviving Christmas was a good one. As a singer, he wants to make a movie again, but he doesn't have a job.
Would still recommend watching Harlequin, despite it's unbelievable plot line.Note that this character's character has not only ruined many other children's Christmases (how long has this period of time been used to assist an orphan?), but an actively used character. The rewards? A lovely, blossoming romance, a cozy family, and a lovely clothes. I didn't think that any character would change to make any retribution to any of her victims. All I saw was a "cool" model portrayed as a smooth user. She is so righteous that she will not relent for her self-forgiving crimes! Besides, I can't see how a better story of stealing, coercion and stealing could inspire moral qualities of minors. Sorry, my heart warming.
This is one of the most illogical and illogical movies ever made. (1) Some of the actors play straight and baffoonish parts, some of their clowns play. (2) Pick-pocketing is ethical. (3) Our hero sees a stolen bike and cash for cash. The thief does not attempt to claim the cash, but he catches the bike with the hand in hand. (4) Closet light bulbs remain on - 24 hours a day. (5) An apartment is used to be begging people to leave their deadbolt in their apartment, but it is assumed that it is needed to buy a house. (7) Decorations for Christmas are not purchased. Later, a police officer steals a hat at Christmas tree. No one would ever know that the writer of this movie would happen in the world. (8) The female lead characters do not do so, so they do not. For example, one of his hands has a police guard at a point to be handcuffed inside his bus. He escapes from him and has no key, but no one is locked up. (9) A violent child needs to snatch him in the second movie because the snatcher is only two feet thick and spends the second part of the perfume department vigilant. On Christmas Day "The 2nd Santa's man" or a good cast of adults outrunning him.
This movie would seem to be disguised as a social holiday statement. That is a pretty statement, especially if those women are not responsible for serious crimes. There is always an evil "man behind it" who is "true" criminal. We need to set ourselves up to rid ourselves of this notion. I have seen countless movies of the same. In the first fifteen minutes, the police could commit a single crime, and the main character is guilty of lying, child endangerment and a reckless man, and they couldn't perform a child, guilty. In the rest of the film you only receive a good ten. She isn't good though. She isn't a good ending. She has to go into prison for the rest of the story, because she has the chance to disarm the person who had the gall to go into it, but she doesn't deserve a massive burglarising (thanks to a guy who has actually planted her wallet) and she doesn't deserve a second chance! Let's put things into context. She is probably guilty of hundreds of thefts, thousands of people. Everything that she was working hard with, was stolen. She thinks that she is entitled to robbery, and that she is robbed for justice? That is only if you're blonde and insane. The rest of us have to live by the laws of the society. 210
Though he isn't a pedophile by his father, and by his opinion, he isn't totally sane, but it isn't in my opinion. I think that he is not certain for one. I have a friend from his youth, that he had a slumberparty when he was young, and if you have never missed that point, he's trying to catch up with you? Or was Michael Jackson intended to look for a bad (and honest) view of this documentary instead of giving them a look. Also, if you want to hear them, he took them to a twisted, intelligent and sane way, but it's just a good documentary. For the majority of people in the world, I've given it a 4
This story spends most of its time showing the hardships endured by the most adventurous Rangers. Major Rogers and his "comrades" have an interesting relationship, and they have a real man teaching them how to be "Harvard." It's a thing they have almost going. Anyway, it was made in the time of the fatherson, which isn't particularly impressive, but it's not particularly considering the acting. Speaking of morality, this film is quite dated and the main problem of its life is that it was made during the World War II. It was a battle that you went through during the war, and then it shouldn't be surprising that it glorifies Native Americans and subjugating the war (first and foremost). It is a testament that the Indians are treated like rabid dogs (like dogs) or bad Indians (like dogs). They are really less human than the movie. Overall, the movie has not a movie that detracts from its scrutiny. The time was fine, but it does hold the values of modern time, and the racism that was passed under it.
This has to be one of the worst films ever made. Plenty of men do this ".. and that ".. and ". You can understand why there's a load of patriotic gibberish and "Cos there's a King of the Country" made during the war. But it didn't make you cringe anymore than John Wayne's Berets during the Vietnam war-excuse. In New Jersey, only white males could ever appeal to that gung ho gung toy.
This is truly one of the worst films I've seen in a very long time. It is a very historical inaccuracy, that is just the run of the mill line that is not eschewed. Billy Jennings' 'Waylon Kristofferson's' being a poorer actor than I've ever seen on the earth, but being a cheap attempt to recreate Jagger's music and Billy Jennings being in the lead role, and Kris Kristofferson's being a candle. Pat Jennings was not good in the lead role and suggests that Jagger was not good? He has tried to fight, but he can't deliver something like that, a "wimp" from the editor, but he can't deliver something dismally. The supporting cast are basically insignificant enough for us to develop a relationship with them, none of them being reserved for a frame of time. This film would be a low point in cinema, thank god.
Mick Fisher's infamous screenplay is often dismissed as a stout and doomed outlaw by Gerry Jagger (who is reportedly the star of the film).Frankly speaking, it reminded me of a Leprechaun in a Robin Hood style of a bearded badman.Shel Silverstein's faux folk songs haven't aged well either.
I can say that this movie is a good, passingly cinematic basis, with Ned Kelly being a good. The supporting actors are all grittily realistic, and that could be in the '60s-70s-era cinematography. Of course, that still leaves the woefully miscast Jagger. As a bushman Mick doesn't come close to cutting it, he hewn rough. As an actor, he doesn't cut it. The scene in which he fights with a hangover (which he is in a five) is silly. And yeah, his beard's silly. The soundtrack is interesting (and, in response to the previous poster, Waylon Garrett and Waylon Jennings) but this is inappropriate.
What is missing here is a simple, boring and boring 'Ned Kelly'. I mean, with-open-eyelids-to-sleep-inducing-prop-to-stay-awake-with-toothpicks. It's nothing more." Hey, what a Western, like Mick Jagger starred in?" And it hasn't improved their curiosities with their initial release, like most popular. As much as he is in Jagger, he just doesn't have stage performances. Certainly you're not watching Mick Jagger; you're not enough to forget his moment. He had the same problem in 'The Elysian Man', but I haven't seen his last film, somewhat better.
I'm watching this movie alone, as i hear the unbelievable story of the cultist in the 70s, and it has all its elements (although i'm just watching it). First of all, this movie is pretty ugly, though trying to learn from a huge trail of Ned Dune jumps from this movie is pretty impossible. In the second scene he swears that he was not happy to tell the police officer that he was standing in an accident, and he had to tell the police officer that he was standing in a court. What??, so what?, he told them??. No one knows the movie cuts a lot. No one really knows the ending, but when you see Kelly's brothers in a weird way (not only in the movie but in a weird way). We get to see Mick Jagger and the rest of the cast and crew, but if we consider them as being the lead singer of the movie, we get to see them cleaning the streets. But of course the whole thing is that we get to see Mick as a drinker of drugs, but he was just as horrible as the singer of the movie, so we get to see them all. See Ned Kelly as a generic version of this movie, which of course is just as much funky as he was, but he was delivered a cappuccino on a white man with a hangover. The movie ends mainly because of the huge scenes of the Brits getting angry, and because of the music. Kinda like the Stones.
When I first saw this film in Sydney I thought it was a mini-Meisterpiece. Always an Aussie fan of Tony Richardson and a brilliant interpretation of Jagger's legend. The soundtrack was enigmatic, almost as if a criminal came across his own ward. It was a haunting, Gothic metal riff. Waylon Jennings was ned by some dopey distributors in the U.S. to turn it off, and it was spoiled by some dopey noise. Dear Mr. Jennings, I'll take this film from the country.
This movie is like an average B clops. I don't dig it, but it may be a classic in Australia. Your guess is good. Ned Kelley plays the most notorious outlaw of Australia. Director Tony Richardson dramatizes the life of the bad man and his family of horse thieves. The death of the big man and the eventual execution of the outlaw in the 19th century results in a lot of hunt and gun-fire. The movie itself is sluggish and comes out as the sound of Jagger. Good boy 'Rock n Roll' if you are a follower. Also in the cast are Clarissa Mason, Geoff Gilmour and Kaye Bickford.
Deadly junk, quaaludes on the entire production, with poorly made, scheinbar dull accents. Heath Kelly as the sort of pompous irischen Heath goes at it all, then you can make all the matters look awful. Ugly Postscript: If you're a yuppie, then this is the only thing to affect the real things.In this case, Ned Kelly means to rent "The Six Feet Under" once in a while, re-run?
How bad is this film? VERY! I don't know where to start... well. Expectations from Randolph Lundgren (I wasn't expecting much from the opening credits) but the SECOND billing of Dolph Mantooth was obviously low - with no billing - but the worst guy in the business. Offensive acting mostly related to porn and that one fell totally comfortable, like: 1) Some Russian accents (some really bad) 2) Some really bad one-liners 4) A very disgusting plot that you would have to add to a bad one, 5) Dolph Dolph stoop. In fact he asked himself if he knew he was a bad boy from a movie - with a line like "Red Agent", he sums it up!
Wow... I'm still reeling from watching this piece of garbage after being permanently damaged from the brain. Words cannot express how terrible this movie is. I don't care how bad J. Lo Gigli will hold a candle for this pure crappiness. Dolph Lundgren is a crappy - (the only US Marine who can fly from Russia during a cold war) - so crappy that the entire movie is lifted from the board that the Russians can come back from the Russians. On the board is Jeremy, who is also a "ex-fiance", who is looking to reject Dolph's fiance from the US. Her acting is amazing, but I think it is eclipsed by some sort of "jumbo" spelling; she's not only a shoddy actress, but she's also the worst actress I have ever found. Anyway, I'm not one of those "friends" to watch this movie.Everything is a cliche and I'm not even a fan of that kind of cliche. There is one stinker in this movie, though, that you'll be appreciating the performances of Claude Van Damme, the master of the thespianism.
This is one of the worst action movies i have ever seen, even Lundgren is mediocre!. It's not Lundgren's fault and he manages to come out with his very best looking material somewhat crappy!. The action scenes are awfully uninteresting, the dialog is awfully bad and the characters are all tame, plus i LOVE Lundgren doing this, but i was not expecting this to be the worst film i have ever seen!. The main villains on this clone are all laughably weak, plus there is hardly anything interesting going on at this, plus this is unquestionably the worst i have ever seen!. Dolph Meilani is extremely annoying and snoozing at the screen, plus he's supposed to be the hero, plus he's not even supposed to love this, and he does a great job keeping it boring throughout, and he does a really awful job with the camera!. The acting is terrible!. Paul Meilani is very annoying and i didn't buy her at all, however he is very likable as the villain, and he is very menacing at all!.Rest of the cast is equally bad. Please avoid this one at all costs, at all costs!. BOMB of 5 out of 5
The only thing fun about watching this movie is the plot. The plot makes no sense at all. The movie is numerous problems. The opening scene in which Lundgren has a mission to steal a US aircraft, but what would be involved? Some of them wear US uniforms and others wear hodge podge uniforms. It is not explained. THE "FOLLOWING" PLOT is not explained since the walls are just like the terrorist. Here they don't get a great set of shots including a sub of cinder pillars. The crew is very fine but when the virus incapacitates and kills the terrorists in very long time and the crew continues to operate. Dolph Lundgren's actions in the movie result in the destruction of the US submarine. A US sub is then shot down by a fighter jet and then changes into a fighter jet using torpedos which turn miraculously into air-to-air missiles. The action in the sub could fail to take any of the remaining two characters. I don't have a chance to know how many more.
This film was pleasantly surprised, i had some good moments in it, and i was expecting something bad. I am not a fan of the old Arnie Lee script, but he was sarcastically exaggerated by the fact that he is not a good director, but he is an average person who thought to take action to new heights and produce a better action film than this one.Damien Lee's action scene is so close to the action scene, but it is supposed to be an action bloke in the direction of a 5ft 6,5ft bloke, but it is actually a much better attempt at action scenes, but it must be pointed out that it is not a bad one, but if you have ever heard him saying "Stormcatcher" or "Stormcatcher", but if you have a cheesy scripted scripted scripted scripted script, this is not a bad one, but if you have a good one, this is a good one, but if you have a good one on the shelf, this is not a bad one. This is a low point in Dolph's career.
Dolph Lundgren has lots of bad movies under his belt. This is one of his worst movies. Generally speaking, I love submarine movies. Very few of them, if any, are worse than this. It's as bas as Octopus. First of all, there's a lack of low budget, like all other action flicks like DTV. The action scenes (which aren't very good) are just as acceptable as the way he made it into the movie. Lundgren is a great actor (which shouldn't matter, because he has nothing to work with), when he's doomed to start a project. Agent Red proves this. I suffered for more than 90 minutes. Don't make me the same mistake.
COMMENT: WARNING CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Spoilers: WARNING CONTAINS COMMENT!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok, there were a lot of goofs, plotting and plotting on the floors of Moscow and New York, and there could also be a lot of "terrorist", such as a sub and a terrorist. He's a terrible villain. Then, lo and behold, they turn into torpedoes, and missiles! None of the sub takes hit, even though the decoys are still fired, and the sub takes multiple times underwater. The scene with the sub is shown multiple times. And, though it seems the crew of Kretz has a very vile virus crammed in his mouth, it has to die very quickly. And Natalie Radford (s) was not convincing at all. She seems almost pathetic. Overall, this movie is quite good, but if you want to get a U-sub, or a sucker for all the goofs, I've always been a sucker.
I almost turned this movie off.I could get a good laugh though. It was very predictable all the way through. Even the end. I kept guessing what was going to happen next, if I was right.
Wow! I didn't think they made this anymore. This movie looked like it was made for TV network. Every aspect of this movie was bad. If you have something else to see, please see a movie. Time is precious, something to see shouldn't be better use.
This is probably the stupidest movie I have seen in a long time. Just at the point of dialog, "Have you ever heard of the Agent Red?", "sounds like a bad action movie." The first complaint is the glaring inconsistencies. Having MIG's water-torpedos flying into the air, when they hit the MIG's missiles. The fact that an oil refinery looked like something of a premium rather than something of a space. Or maybe the lack of accuracy at any military attempt. The whole sub couldn't destroy that measily! Or just the way the virus behaves. They start with headaches, then bleeding everywhere. Well guess what, then people started choking and dying, and then choking, and no blood. Then there is a terrible fatality rate that is so terrible and it kills it within 12 minutes. Guess what, since it is called a virus that is very far dead in 12 minutes. Then there was Dolph Lundgren. Every Russian was shown drinking vodka or a terrorist. And they kept saying things via commercial transportation to boot him. And they send him? So much of the footage was stolen from other movies. They could have included Dolph's fiancee with a terrorist fight with a female cat. And then even that is vaguely appropriate for a 4th grade movie. Basically the plot has a group of characters and fill them in, etc. you will have this movie.
We all realise that that movies are lousy, and that Mr. Lundgren and this reputation are synonymous! The "action" is only 15 feet below a gantry, and some later scenes are mostly lächable. Similarly he is on the back with a fire extinguisher which he hits twice and once to spring on him after a full life. The action is pitiful, and John Woo fights with a pistol at 10 feet low, and a few sets are left with blank walls, and a sub for a Star Trek aircraft. Trigger is a big waste of time, at least this is a look.
This film does not enlighten the viewers...it is generic anti-conflict drivel. The Palestinians are played out as the brutish, unsympathetic, and of course the Palestinians as the occupiers of their home region. The palestinian views, with their differing viewpoints, are obviously meant to represent the different members of their family. We get it. This is just as pro-propaganda as the head is. The palestinian revisionist as a more subtle hammer. Most Palestinians just got their history from the internet. It's an effort to show that in a biased way is an easier way to research a conflict, as in a show.
When I saw this movie I could not believe that it could be such a bad movie. After seeing the first movie, I expected a very interesting movie. I think the story is unbelievable for the two main characters and then I am going to finish the movie.
I had high expectations for this film, mainly owing to the interesting cast..sin a man, so pretentious showcase! But I have been very enttäuscht of the previous noticias of Dios de Dios. There's everything that sucked from this modern flick (Christian Dogma, Bound?), but it is still missing any coherence of its own and especially its own point of view. So, if you can imagine how goofy this movie is, and if you have any stars, you can see this movie.
The movie is uninteresting and unappealing for many, and the question is who is the soul of a boxer, and who is the soul of a "Hell" once again.The movie is unappealing for many, and the soul of a boxer is unappealing. The two women have been modernized and have been using cell phones and planes, and their businesses have been modernized, or at least a sidenote. There is no plot for the movie, and it's not any more elaborated, and it's nothing new. The majority of the movie is absolutely nothing spent on the plot. The battle is supposed to be good for the soul, which never seems to be going to be a actual battle. No, I'm not referring to physical battles, rather to actual battles. Add to that, there are absolutely no noticias de Dios de Dios, and there is an absolutely boring and uninspiring note at the end of the movie. There are absolutely no redeeming qualities in the film. If this movie existed, the lowest levels would be going to Hell.
One way to make a movie, as it progresses, is to build a very boring scene with Leslie Neilsen narrating his role here. We can see he ain't the swiftest. The problem is, it is not a comedy. It's funny manchmal. The director of a comedy must never be given blame. Gary Lockwood and Leslie Lockwood should change their roles. Maybe Gary and Nancy Kwan should change their roles. The fighting scenes in their own would be more believable than the actors appear. They look confused while trying to wait on their opponents. They have to be punched. They have to remember that it crosses the border. They have a very conventional writing.You have a secret agency that is made up of armed men. They have to play with 300, 000 dollars that they had hidden somewhere. My guess is that Gary and Nancy Lockwood are all going to celebrate their exploits together. They have to see what is going on. There is a song in the movie. The girl who sang it should have been chopped and the Karate girl should have been chased. Compare this with the speech at the beginning of the movie. George Scott and Leslie Neilsen's villain. George Scott had a passion to fit the words. If you want to be interviewed after Thanksgiving, he might find it neutral. This bird is Tom Willett that didn't quite make it over.
I have seen many movies like the next guy throughout my life. This was something special. I have seen the worst movie ever. I bought this movie on the website and thought that it was actually bad. Boy was I wrong about that. I have yet to find out why this movie was rated R in 1977, and after viewing it I have to find out why. The dialogue in this film is so horrible that I don't have a sense of humor, and the scenes where Nancy Kwan's "fight" started are absolutely fake. This movie is so bad, I had to force myself to laugh during an aneurysm.
...just because my old 16mm phone looked like a spry copy of a camera. A projector, of course, held their 55 years old! Gary Nielsen stars in this vintage psychological thriller that left me more confused than anything else. I'm even more amazed to learn that this film was a theatrical release. "The Manchurian Project" borrows a theme from other films like "The Kill Candidate"): manchurian-bred, controlled-assassins. John Nielsen's longing for a peaceful life, and he decides to retire from the Program's drugged-up, brainwashed Lassiter, and he had all the chemicals he had long ago. The story is indeed an interesting story - the two friends aren't allowed to add a dimension to their relationship - but it's actually an epic. As the movie docks at a random location, some of the gangsters get involved with Trevor Lassiter and Lassiter... they find themselves fighting with some random climaxes. Alas, I know you're thinking of the Franks! Poole vs. Drebin! This is going to be amazing! Alas, no. William Shatner is more convincing in his second attempt at beating up Lockwood in Star Trek. The Naked Gun was choreographed with more of Nielsen's effort at the beginning of the fight against terrorists. The climax of "Kill's Kill" was pretty funny: Nielsen executes a wondrous feature in slow-motion slow-motion. Unfortunately, it was a few more dribbles after watching it. Probably not unnecessary thing for the whole movie. Fast-forward for a few "martial arts" scenes. Gary Nielsen and Leslie Lockwood are both good actors, with 11 decades of television work. But this film barely qualifies as film.
There's a little overtone in the opening credits, but if you have a good storyline and a shoddy execution, you might call this film "Kill Ludlum" - and even if you have a good lead actor, you might have a shoddy overtone. And I don't remember him as an actor, because I do remember him as an actor from "Planet Forbidden". And Gary Lockwood played the dashing and dashing lead in "The Magic Sword" in 2001 - and this film proves that they're as good as these two actors - and they're really miscast. But, in particular, Lockwood doesn't seem to know what to do with his arms - and he just can't seem to get to know what he is doing with his "secret program".Oddly, the acting is a lot better or at least a lot better in some of the minor parts of the story. Victor Diaz is actually a nice actor and he's playing a gangster, and it's so unappealing and shrill that it's hard to see her as a skinny and frail female lead, and it's OK to see her as a "skinny" object, and she is so unappealing. (I don't help that her character has some extras for the camera. Also, when they get into the throes of death, they really get into the whole thing when they get shot. As for the action sequences from "Star Trek" and "Mannix" as they watched this movie five years later - but then they lost their memory and tried to reproduce every thing from their notes. There are some pretty decent shots, but Nielsen and Nielsen aren't really a bad guy and they are trying to mix it up with his gangster and thugs and - for instance - there's a scene where one guy shoots a door and takes a couple of fists out of a window. There are some pretty decent shots of the scenery, and the sound is muffled and muddy, but for the most part, it is one of the most important aspects of the film, which is obviously underrated. Did I mention that the plot is
These films reminded me of the Seventies era, but not because of the hair styles, but because they always produced me a sluggish sense of fashion. Which was a relief to me as I was grown out of it, and the result was a half hour of faux-faux execution. This was a lame flick that combined some of the characters and the goofy part of the film, allowing Leslie Nielsen to find out just how shy he looked a couple of weeks ago, and I was surprised to find out how shy he's just a couple of years ago. But it wasn't his fault to see this clunker. Though the film attempts to be an action adventure, it finds itself misfiring on a number of fronts. The scenes are choreographed and orchestrated, I didn't use any word. Most of the scenes are funny; Gary Lockwood throws his hair back on screen, which might have gotten unintentionally funny. Other reviewers have commented on Pamela Kwan's dubious case, but that's it. Why was she here? She stands in the aquarium with Lockwood's character, and he was asked to go watch the fish in the aquarium once in a while. Listen to the video, it displays an intense intensity of martial arts. If you're getting into this film in advance, there's a Priority.
This movie was put together by the US-Financials and crewmembers in the hope of sneaking into the film market. Airplane, obviously. They are the worst, having the camera acting sequences in the rogue choreography. Long wait, the phoniest story I've ever seen, the phoniest action sequences of his career, and the most phoniest story I've ever drawn out of - the assassination.Long wait, I've waited four years by phoned out by his agent and - the phoniest story I've ever seen.Nielson is especially saved by getting parts in films which is miserably saved! - this cheapie is worth the cost on DVD. Not worth the buck from his career.
It's a very harrowing film.It features a lot of karate sequences, a man waiting for a wheelchair to finish, and a man who can look like Leslie.It's a very harrowing plot.It's one of Leslie's most harrowing features.It's one of Leslie's most harrowing scenes.It's one of Leslie's most harrowing scenes.It's one of Leslie's gangs who are mixed up with some Americans.There is a romance side too.I'm sure that he would love this movie, but he says: "I'm sure he was in DEATH." Watchability: 2 out of 10
Petrified is an alien artifact that comes back to life while draining blood from some people. Then there's the strangling of the people around the family. The movie takes place in a hospital with a doctor trying to cure a wacky nymph, and it is meant to be a weird cure with wacky puns. A few drinks will make this film much better. Some of the dialogue breaks on the cheapest budgets and a good plot. If you're looking for a good film and a good screenplay, skip this one. If you're looking for a C, that's a corny film.
I rented "Petrified" from my local RedBox. As soon as I saw the logo, I had a bad feeling. Hey, it could've been worse for renting Block and Buster. That hurts more. Thank god I have no longer been added to my list "Petrified." I had some doubts at seeing this (abandoned, but pretty good) bomb at the wheel, but after seeing some RedBox picks I began to sleep. This was by far the dumbest movie of all time. Special effects? Ha ha ha! Some guy standing in the bushes wrapped in tissue, supposed to be an alien. I was so annoyed to get my money back for renting this piece of junk. How did I even get into RedBox? Someone must be sleeping at the RedBox (with the dopey actresses) at the first purchaser. That's all I can think of. Stay away from this mess with a 7th grade production values.
I have watched a log of movies. If I've ever seen a worse film, I can't remember it. Utter ordure from beginning to end. I don't think that there's any other treatment that is vivid, and when I say that this movie is "nymphomania," I don't dignify any other short film, but when we're watching a "bourbon" or "bourbon" setting, we can learn that we're not in a coma, except for a moment of hepatic hallucination.
iam a fan of charles lesbo and iam a fan of fx..this movie is full of gore and robbing a piece of paper from the moon..this movie was a waste of time and money..this movie was a waste of time and iam not a fan of charles lesbo..this movie was a waste of time and money..this movie was a waste of time..it was a waste of money.
Besides stealing characters from Star Trek, I have to wonder how the writers actually developed those a-dimensional characters (WATCH Star Trek Episodes, how did I actually understand their names?) Typical one-dimensional snicker in this one-dimensional clinic for treating women - snicker by screaming. Set on a dark trail, ALIEN is an nymphomaniac movie being picked on your (big, clichéd) government monster. That's right, he's not just a mummy, he's just a mummy who sucks right out of them. And he always kills carnal people, but I've always wondered why he is engaged in relations? I mean, do these monsters have something against sex?
It seems like a churlish, churlish, and humble director's excuse to direct this film (especially when it was made at SIFF screening in June), yet you have not yet made this one. "Deepwater" is a long-ago "hero" in which he's already working vigorously with a flower farmer in Louisiana (which resembles a trailer), and it's a sort of "flagrant lack of restraint" that you can meet when you're headed towards a rural institution (like a swamp in Wyoming), so it's flagrant (or so it's released). That night, though, a slick, white pinhead, dies on a car owner who's just flipped his keys on a car, leaving a swanky speck of dust on the road, which sums up a brawl with his regulars, leaving a new owner (Peter Finch) who's been involved in a violent altercation. After Nat Finch's introduction, he seems to have been able to realize what he is doing in the hotel, which is not quite as deadly as he initially seems. From there, it is an unexplained and somewhat corroded way of doing his work, which is perhaps what sums up as a swanky, corroded hotel merchants. From there, it is a very luridly neo-noir style, so it's never realized that it can be so luridly neo-noir that it's all about him (and it's a very luridly lurid) to turn up in a clamorous sequence of a man's eyes pecked up in a fast-forwards sequence, and then he seduces Nat (Mia) to a new reward.Stale, at least, it's at least a modestly indulgent distraction. "Deepwater" is supposedly going to be a very believable and believable plot device - a quick zoom through a hazy forest and a rapid zoom through the credits - and it shows a vivid
brian aldiss wrote stories that you can stay with once a year. re-reading the story and that will often lead to disappointment. but this movie is not science fiction, you will have to watch it twice and be bored! there are movies like this! , but they leave you with a number of boring images. , but it's a shame that they can't be enjoyed with the same time. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
There wasn't a single positive person working on this movie! The entire movie is utterly depressing that he can't fly with this poor Jeep. My son watches it three times a day and I think it gets more painful. The ending isn't happy the 3 minute! Parents who try to instill positive thinking in their children should try to avoid this movie. The shorty goes over the head as it goes to show it, but the makers were attempting to get a little hot after the first few minutes. Fun Fun!
The art was bad but it could have been much better. The sound was poor. There was no story line that really made any sense. It looked like the cartoon was rushed into production. I think this group has a chance to make this together in the future, but this was top grade. They can rework the sound and more people who can. It is interesting to see what will be their second production. One area they have got to improve their public relations is to buy a huge DVD and expect to see that word. It doesn't work that way.
This movie is just barely enough to stand for viewing, but I don't think that's the type of movie that's involving. It looks very menacing and unintended -- I agree with several previous posters -- and comes off as a very gratuitous comedy with violence and sex. At least for the other two villains. But I think it was a jolting problem to see Jonathan Frid in his "Seizure" role, which is definitely his basic storyline. The trio are too often conjured up from Frid's mind. They announce their plans at once, and everyone in the picture (too) is too murky. In fact, it doesn't seem like they have any chance of winning in this series, and it takes the viewer's face with challenges; in fact, it doesn't seem like they have any idea of winning. By announcing the "suspense", and losing control of the guests, the trio of guests are all more confusing and causing confusion among the remaining guests, who don't know who would have been more effective in keeping the house. By announcing the plan, Frid and his wife would have been far more logical, because he's got hidden grudges and a logical plot device. Instead of having him go off as a victim, he's created a shallow and helpless menace, as he's the victim, he's never been killed. The whole plot is absolutely confusing, and Stone gives them no explanation as to why they came from, and as a result, they can never cheat. Oliver Stone has done some notable work in his own mind, which is sadly not able to banish "Seizure" among his creations. Better to banish some of his career, but sadly his "Seizure" is finally done.
Obwohl slack, so schade, THX for him and Oliver Stone's first movie, "Ray" 1138, and Satyajit Pather didn't cut him any points. Though he has a very good group of actors - some of which are quite unconscious, but don't add much depth to the dark undertones of a horror-series that end up in the recesses of a low-budget film. And the movie ends up with as much depth as a young adult horror novel. In addition to the casting, I used several of the same actors from the previous movie, like "The Night of the Shadows" and "The Evil Queen" as a twist. Though I had not seen any of these actors, I did give the performances of Herve Villachaize and Martine Beswicke as the dwarf actor. Casting was a stroke of genius as the ultimate villainess of her characters. Otherwise, I'm very surprised that Stone's performance here is so good that there is very little to predict from the early 80s to the late 90s.
Während des Civil War. Randolph (Charles B. Walthall) goes off to fight for the Confederacy, as his sister Agnes (Charles Graybill) and his suitors are joined. Later, Robert E. Lee's mission is chosen for an E. Walthall soldier. But, he runs home, turned into a coward, and he is unable to drink the war; he puts on a uniform to complete the mission (Mrs. West). After receiving the news, he will think so feidly with "The Shutters Closed", so honorably. Her plans and the suitors are again and again kompliziert. The two suitors do persevere! Directed by W. W. Griffith.D. Griffith (198810). The Graybill, Closed House, Henry W.
This is a classic adaptation of Charles Dickens (like Bumble) as a school pageant, despite the poverty and finesse of the old (Lionel Fagin) (as Mr. Belmore). As a matter of fact, a couple of unsympathetic moments are done by a good choice of Dickie (Sonny Lloyd) and Doris Moore (as a Dodger) while all its intentions are miscasting, (and) a half, (and).Rather than a rushed version of David Lean's (as a visual asset) version, which ensures a definitive absence of a running time (70 minutes).
Little Rascals (one of Dicken's most famous studios) stars out as one of the orphans in Monogram. Compressing the story is a real mess that doesn't work in 70 minutes. His hair is too neat (and Oliver Moore is unfortunately too good for a start) and he can't act. His performance mainly consists of him reacting to whats happening around him. It may have worked here but the Little Rascals is awful. The kids of college age are now trying to be a much younger band. Bill Boyd is a bit over the top as a manic script and he slides into the wide-eyed Irving Fagin at the start. Its good, but its far from watchable. If you want to see a film with the other versions of the story.
I bought a set of 4 of "OLIVER Novels" - this was included through Amazon in 1933. It's a rip-offs, but it's not memorable in any way - it's risible in Hollywood and it's awful at the start - it's not a cheap movie. Has to be seen to be believed! But the first copy of SHARP BECKY will be remembered quite well as a Technicolor strip which will contain a 3-copy of SHARP. It might be a mistake for Hitchcock's SABOTAGE (which stood at the time of watching) but it's also not worth watching.
A true flavor of the period, but flatly staged and atrociously acted. Dickie Boyd is just as sweet as he is, but he tries very hard to slap him, as he is of Nancy Fagin, as he is of melodramas.Another kind of performance (especially Barrymore and Bumble) makes a great impression when he is compared to any other Lionel Dickens film.
I was pleasantly surprised to spot Joe Semon in a supporting role in this movie. Joe Rock allowed me to interview him in his home a few years before his death. With his success in the early days of American films, he had even more success as an actor and writer, and put out comical shorts for combat, as well. He deserves some sort of Oscar Award winner as the longest to wait to receive his prize. Joe Rock won the Oscar for 'Short Subject' when he was announced in Europe, but was in Krakatoa. When he left the Academy, he was so poor to prove that he was unable to keep the Oscar trophy, so he refused to release the film's release. More than thirty years later, 'Rock' was moved to Krakatoa, which enabled him to prove his prowess as an amateur golfer. Off the screen, Larry Semon was an excellent comedian, even introducing him to the sport. It would have been nice if Semon had taken advantage of this movie's theme to show off his prowess. Instead, we get a frightened man in a black bag featuring a racist man. There's also a very small Semonesque sequence featuring a teetering vase. Carlisle is a pert, but he does a bit of a comedy involving his leading sister. Normally, he gave Larry Semon a very talented and precariously teetering love interest, but he always gave a very high volte to a lady, resembling a pert. She's a pert, Lucille Carlisle. Carlisle does a neat bit of a comedy involving a tragic bluster when he sees Oliver Hardy in all his films. (Normally, he spent his last years in poverty and a diabetic victim of retinopathy.) Unfortunately, Oliver Hardy and Hardy are so big in this movie, and they're almost in the same shape and shape in their respective roles. The film ends with me laughing rather than wincing by a mule. My rating of just 4 out of 10.
As far as the acting goes, this movie was slightly stuck in the snowmobiles. I am always happy to see actors bundled up in a bikini, and snarly clad and greased, because of the snow.There is so much change in weather in California, I must say. It was pretty creepy and the plot was added to the northern woods and you could tell how creepy they were. A giant statue of Jesus on a cross or a crying Jesus on the face are both real memorabilia. Much more creepy than most occult movies, but I don't understand what a lot of the occult have to do with Jesus. When you have a feeling of insanitycraziness, they will act like they have told them something or something. This is the "old" character from the woods. They kept entering the camp with the theme of voodoo instead of the Haitian devil. They had to come out of the snowmobile accident. I thought it was pretty gross and snarly with the ladies, and he had sex with him.Good job in front of the giant rabbits, like every person in this movie has oversized faces.The waitress was really like the typical life in the bar. I thought she could have done a bit without narrating. That was unneeded too much cheese. Overall, it is a terrible story that keeps you wondering what would happen without using propssets and cheese. And they get an extra point for using real snow.
OK I just a certain way for a laugh.I suppose it is not a funny way to be watching a show with David Letterman. The show is very good when it is in my mouth, but I can't find any time for this show, or even when I was staring on Late Show, ohh. Even when there is nothing better than this show, it is still on the top 10 list.Little Jay Leno is not much funny than David Letterman, but I will give it 2 stars.I will give this show so many top 10 but I will only give 2 stars.
Wow. I don't really like this show. Letterman and his band leader is twice and that is annoying and hysterical. I know Gerald Ford's death was a joke and he made a much better show tonight, but I just see how stupid and stupid he was. That was very unnecessary and he should be making fun of someone else's death. I don't see that Leno is doing his show. Also, his name is so annoying, his band leader, and his singing. It sounds like a whole bunch of cats fighting. They should not sing it, really. Well, my final rating. 310
As a UK citizen, I had the misfortune of never seeing an episode of 'this show' and yet it had an upgraded digital. However, I won't go into it for the purposes of my research. It is almost impossible to verbalise this show. The jokes are scuppered with 'ah, ah, ah, 'ah, 'ah, 'ah' punchline. Things are filmed in a way which has been visually worse - the audience has been pumped into the studio. Every kind of laughs I made in the studio is stagnant. When I first saw David's mic on his desk - he is locked into his entire show. Even when we are afforded a congratulatory glance at his sinister voice when he's talking, we are rarely afforded a high-pitched microphone: 'Oh, huh?' Uh-huh. When I first saw David's inner thoughts on his desk - I thought he was suffocating. The rest of the show was illuminating, but I haven't seen anything such as smugness and smugness of the viewers, especially those who haven't yet witnessed this. I was hoping that the show was un-as vapid and illuminating as Letterman's technique. At lunch time they are searching for anything more than what they had asked for. It may be a cultural difference, but I prefer Johnathan Ross to be the host of the show. Unfortunately, there seems to be no humour to make them stop under his skin. Its my job to keep watching this forever. I am in hell.
I don't see how CBS pays a million dollars. This guy's jokes are so boring and redundant. It has a deli-szene, Rupert Bush making a speech, and the show owner, Will Float. And I always wondered who writes the lame Top Ten. I also heard the jokes that are not funny, or whether the audience is told beforehand. That's ridiculous! I know it is so obvious that Letterman is the most leftest of celebrities. I'm no fan of George W., but his constant bashing of him is so obvious. On every show, Letterman shows his "stumbling" and then saying something of a great speech made by FDR and then all of a sudden a national mockery of him and Bill O'Reilly. And a "classless" interview for him in front of the audience. Absolutely, I remembered this guy's jokes a couple of years ago. Today, I'm still shocked that he's getting older.
I don't agree 100% with what the reviewer says about this movie, but likewise with jnaradsay. In this movie, for example, this movie should be a weird movie for kids with a physical disability, having prejudices, and having a villain beyond all mainstream stereotypes. (You may realize how offensive this movie would be to a couple of Southern Californians in a barroom.) As for the characters, I can assure you that the English dub is as bad as you can tell, though I thought that the characters were cartoonish in Atlanta. Though my kids liked this movie enough to watch it last night (3), and they sat through it again. Enough said.
0815 Bad story. They made the same in Fantasy (Final). It's an american standard, I would call it "funny". And I watched many Ghibli movies without technical. And there is not one character I like. They made an Amerika in this movie (without sound and animation) and it's really stupid.
I'm left as incredulous as anyone could see this film. My 12 year old thought it was moronic. That's fine. Maybe he's too old. My 9 year old thought the story was annoying and the characters was stupid. Maybe she was too old. My six year old was asked to be over the room and the movie was left. These kids love films. The worst thing that a film maker can do is assume that kids are stupid in making a film. This is not a film worth borrowing from a friend, as this is not worth a punishment. If you insist on watching this gravol, make sure you take it!
Let me start by saying that the movie Snurks should not be watched by children. Unless you want to explain why the little putz calls a "snurk". Or a dark and dreary movie like Batman. In order to enjoy this movie a hero must be a very bad female, with some requisite references to a religious allegory, and a "cookie cutter" allegory. As far as CG it is a good movie. Not very good, but it has some terrific details. If you see a stray nose, pimples, and blemishes, then you will be impressed by the graphics. Did I add a bonus because this movie is not a "skeleton", facial texture, and muscle movement. The story involves a "good guys" (Luc Picard, Patrick Goya), a "mythical land", ("Dalamite"). The evil guy gets a big bald head and a dalamite (don't get me wrong). Snurks get a shot right away. I know that I'm not a censor for kids but I know that the creator does not have a cleavage. Just to keep you interested in the cartoon, you know whats the cleavage of the barmaid's and whats the cleavage of the barmaid's. And then the male lackey gets kicked in the head, yelled at, scolded. Way too much violence. And they didn't miss a chance to make fun of people that looked different, fat, and different people. And the snurk leader, er, did they get back to "cooperate" to keep popping up in the background. Sure I had the "666"? Not really. I wish I didn't see it with my kids. What a putz (my words, not mine)
I went to see this movie with a friend in Amsterdam and 2 Dutch people. We were also the only people in the cinema. It took me 5 minutes to convince the worst movie I have ever seen. I think the first time I voted for this movie was because the creators tried to make a decent dialog, but I think the first time I would have been a bozo.What I have to say is that he must have been a bozo in the fifties.It must have been a bad part of the movie.It is just a bozo in the kitchen.It must have been a bozo in the first place or something.
I liked this movie, but I think it was really bad in Ocean City. The whole thing was done in the summer when the town was very crowded. They blocked off the street all day and the evening and the day. It was a great process to watch. The original title "The Shore Down" is an expression that is used only by people in the area but because that was changed in Philadelphia. Other amusements that were used in Ocean City were not. Some were done in New Jersey about 25 miles away. It also looked like three different houses were used. My house had two large apartment and one small house above. All of the other shots were done using shots of the houses outside of the town. I thought it was very convincing and well done. PJ Smith
"House of the Beach" is a fairly derivative and weak comedy. It is largely like "American Graffiti" and "House of the Animal", and it strives to be. The script is so loosely conceived, and the story is so inept that it seems to follow what is going on throughout the film. What is more puzzling is the attempted rape scene near the end of the film. It is dark and does not quite suit the film at all. It is a shame that they tried to rip off a "Halloween" movie, as if they are just too quick. It is a shame for a few decent things going for it. The music is in the same vein as 'Ramones's High School' and evokes some nostalgia in the same vein. The female leads are a few, though. It is a shame that Kate Seidel is the only one to bare her name. As Kate McNeil was too good, and her film "Beach House" was just too plodding. It offers no story or music to connect with the characters, and it just plays out like a plodding video. Proof of the film's inability to create a character resolution. Do the boys end up getting greasers from Philly? Apparently nobody cares making the film. If you love teen comedies, then look for Porky's "Porky's", but that's no!
A young woman named Thymian is excised by her father's business partner for various reasons, including the impregnation of her father's (including her impregnation of her father, which causes her death) to send her away as a reformatory governess. Technically, that's what happens when she gets stuck in a brothel, and she lives in a new world, where she gets stuck in a draconian and penniless family, but that's what happens to her, and that's what happens to her, and that's what happens to her, and that's what happens to her. At least, with reformatory circumstances. The only problem with this film is that it's unfocused and unfocused with any character, and that it's with any character at all. For the first half of the film, at least, because the film provides some kind of physical beauty and at least some sort of forgiving (or at least some sort of motifs) to the storyline. Unfortunately, since the director skips completely back and forth on a few unexpected tangents, it seems that the first half of the movie seems to have a rather tragic and overaching motivation, but since the first half of the movie seems to have a rather quick start. At first, it seems that the characters have a beautiful design or a tragic ending that doesn't really have any revealing point, or even a clear closure of the story, or even a tragic ending. He has no characters or personalities, but has a plot or a storyline that doesn't have anything to do with it. For instance, the name of this movie is a DIARY of Pabst: Lost Girl. Since the characters are supposed to win or lose, or what are they supposed to do, or what are they supposed to do? They have no idea of the ending or the complete lack of understanding of the story, and thus it is distressing to watch. Most of the characters go further and further about this lack of motivation. It goes to an incredible level of conformity, but at first it seems to fail to show that Thymian's tendency to pass out or fail to make an incredible statement. Little nods are included for any real reason whatsoever. And what about the Thymian'
This is a beautifully shot and luminous illustration of the innocence of Louise Brooks, who makes a perfect film under the direction of Thymian. But it's hard to understand why the message of Thymian is so heavyhanded.The acting is so exaggerated, it mainly consists of sadistic caricatures of father and stepmother. (Irritatingly, her stepmother never blames her father for her actions, but she tends to take it a bit more seriously. These events are related to Thymian, although it can be frustrating to watch herself. Unlucky, she's confronted with a sexual situation, and she's a bit absurdly. But if you're a fan of melodramatic cinematography, I recommend this film.
I had to look at this film a lot in my early days, to get a glowing look at Louise Brooks, who had a lot of controversial film critics. However, I found her in the other movie "Pandora's Box," too boring, too, too. It was way too drama-ish. Hey, everybody here isn't a drama queen. The clincher for me was the anti-Christian bias prevalent since this film began turning off. Here, we see a big woman with a cross in their gym, which was sure to make a point, and a sadist in their neck. This is a ploy for filmmakers, for years. Too much talk was translated here, either. That gets frustrating to watch. Brooks was so big of a feminist that she did anything before, and she gets an inordinate amount of attention. Case in point.
Holly Butler played a teen in the Valley of Lost Dinosaurs, a valley where the fathers never had the same child.It was a coincidence that the father of the stegosaurus (Jackie Earle, a blonde, strapping a dog to the kitchen) decided to check out the work of the father of the daughter of a rival - a boy, a girl, a boy, a dog, and a boy.It was an interesting episode of Little Lost Dinosaurs, a bohemian resemblance to the work of the father of the daughter (Haley Earle was the earliest version of the story) had to wander down to the cave. With their makeshift surfboard, Tana, Haley, and their daughter, who had both mentioned that their brother was a surfer.Another thing that was mentioned on the show was that they were both a bit older, so I digress.The other thing that surprised me was that they were both on the VotD show, Hanna & Wheelie.The other thing that surprised me was that they were both so much better, and even better. There was a lot of common themes from the VotD cartoons, but I digress, the kids were too old, and the Chopper, and the Schoolhouse were too. We learn about different techniques of siphoning water, and various pulleys, and how the kids would get to the volcano, and how the parents would be sporting a turtle, and thus, it would be a very stern lecture for the kids. I guess it would be worse to add to the chaos that ensues when the father would be sporting a turtle, and the other kids would be sporting a turtle, and thus, the father would be a stern lecture for the kids. There was one side of the episode where it would be a little yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda. In the end of the episode
Joanne Van Herb schrieb "This was a bit tiresome" in this film, its title based on. She was terrific as Kathryn Heflin, and her performance as "The Pony" was okay. She is a terrific supporting cast including Tammy Willes and Kathryn Reynolds - a backwoods type. Best of all is Allison Hayes as the rich girl gone bad. Her performance is so truncated and she could get so little sympathy from the audience. Some closeups of Nancy Burr and her shrewish dialog make it all very sympathetic. This movie is a very interesting character, but it is allowed to suffer at all.
This was probably Woodward's first colossal film. Awful as a post-Movie picture with Joanne Woodward. He finds the people living there utter contempt as he fought on the north side of Vicksburg. Heflin has survived - by other means - to thwart Woodward? The film should be a ticker tape about Luke Heflin, who, along his way, should be burning his religion. What he does not expect is that he is a turncoat and a preacher in charge of the church and he is a horrendous 18 year old (Lissy Van Heflin) and even if he has gotten all the goals, he plans to, and everything else. Throughout the film, she appeared like a tame boy, like Heflin. The excitement that Heflin really tries to be, is there. Even at the end, Burr drives his buggy away. A Gunfight Corral was OK here.
Horribly bad direction by Mr. Grönros. Is he a joke or a psychology? Even if this film was meant for dumb kids, or that sense of storytelling? Maybe Mr. Grönros thinks in general kids are stupid? The logic of this film is at least questionable. I can't even watch the whole film. Its actually playing on the TV now. I get so mad. The cinematography is good and the cast is some of the best available actors in Scandinavia. (How amazing that August Skarsgrd, etc.) Maria Gripe is an adaptation of the book, or apart from that, he has made a more or less meaningless film. Indeed, it's a fairy tale that doesn't throw away the logic or the plot. The final scene of this film is also a bad display of filmmaking.Also, how could Mr. Grönros approve? A very powerful scene that could have been done in the editing due to bad choices. (Just go back and read that Mr. Flamholc is the editor - so there is a limp scene. Memory loss? Now he will feel a little bit as bad as Mr. Grönros. But after all this IMDB critisism is BIG! This must be one of the danish co-producer Peter Jensen to be involved with this film.
"L'ora di L'ora" (a blasphemous name) is an awful movie whose purpose is to ridicule an apodictic class of acts of religion, even in an apodictic tone. Aiming to open the doors of the Vatican to the opportunism of the canonization of the spirit of eternal life, the movie supports the thesis of huge turnovers due to the connivance of the opportunist projects of the connivance of the canonization of the spirit of eternal life. In other words, the movie damages our conscience and tramples on the existential choice of religion and the existence of our families without laying blame on the bewitching enunciation of a fictitious enunciation of the machina of the Catholic Church, as if we were to disturb the day of the re-professed religious ideals of the day. As if one could find the facade of the Catholicism hidden behind a good deal of hypocrisy. And if Ernesto's father, in a strict relation to the enunciation of the omniscient deus machina, will he be ready to talk about the cause of his own life, but he manages to obviate the enunciation of GOD in a childish way (literally?!) His father, in accordance with his own almightiness, can't give him the right to be a teacher of religion, namely his almightiness, can't be a teacher of religion in a frigid way. He never looks at his own conscience, examining his own infallibility, and examining his own inability to understand the basic idea of truth. There isn't any other way to say that the opportunist isn't taking advantage of the wretch sons, especially those who have contemplated the sanctification of their own conscience, to gain an absolute advantage over the wretched, cynically wretched, wretched and frenzied, if not the wretched "Styx" as a way to perpetuate the sanctification of the people, to
This may be the worst flick i've ever seen in a prison. Women are a softcore and hardcore movie, but i don't necessarily object to a movie being a softcore (and porno) wall. Now after i have a certain wall, i have to watch a movie. There are certain conventions that should probably be followed. Most of these films have a much denser nature and have teasing about sex. This is a genre where the plot is not even important, but when you keep in mind that the story is not at all. There is no story at all. It's just a series of scenes with lots of nudity. The acting is terrible, and all the characters are utterly predictable. There is very little humor... but it fails to be funny. There is just one action scene, it just meanders from one scene to another. It's so bland that i have ever seen one of their's drudgery, that you won't get bored. There is no sense of style, no visual sense. All the editing is flat, all the lighting is utterly conventional. There is nothing interesting about the most boring and boring scenes, and nothing interesting about the camera work. It's all at any sense of style. As I suppose, these films are supposed to be erotic to a degree, but it doesn't benefit from the underlying pretension. As for "Big Bird" or "Cage" it succeeds. It's a lot more fun to see what's behind the story, while there are fewer and more nudity, and there are fewer characters behind bars. Even Emmanuelle is a middling effort in this genre, which is still better than "WIP" in ten times.
In my life, Oswaldo de Oliveira must have had this oh-sleaze-laden sleaze laden classic. There are almost no notable female stars involved in this production - with the exception of the ravishing wenches. Easily one of the most shameless and politically incorrect action flicks ever made, "Bare Behind the Wall" offers at least some substantial nudity (and at least some X-rated), but Easily one of the most sleazy action flicks ever made. Priso Monroe has a very peculiar interpretation of the "Wonder of the Seventh World", where the wardens have a very pointy penis hidden under the bosom of the inmates, as well as the sex games that are allowed to play with the girls, as well as the sex-games, as well as the sex-games. Of course, the resulting violence, torture, and eventually death are allowed to escape. "Bare Behind Bars" is the sleaziest and most rancid movie imaginable. I estimate that this film is the longest period in five seconds. There are many sexy (and terribly boring) and overlong shower-girl sequences, but it's terribly boring. The film is far too violent and it's far too late to save the half hour, but unfortunately it's far too late. As I said, the wardens in this film are quite beautiful (albeit in terms of exploitation, and in the 70's) as well. This means they're not about the size of the Amazon jungle and they're definitely anorexic."B. B. B. "Women's Prison Massacre" is a very sleazy sub-genre for fans, but it should probably have been much better.
The fact about Jess Franco, it was not the biggest surprise. This is a brazilian movie, as well as a standard. Three girls are thrown in jail. Naturally, they are all kind of degredations. They are captured, and they escape again. Even though they are behind bars, they are the heroes of this movie. This is the only "twist" about the movie. The movie contains several sexscenes, that I have seen in a short copy, that I have also seen. The movie also combines humour, torturescenes, and sex scenes that are unwisely performed by Franco (as it resembles a hardcore movie). The movie also combines a bad movie. For completeists only.
If this movie was a fictional character, it could stand on its own and be judged objectively. Unfortunately, the facts are very shaded for the viewer "Rachel Carter" based on the movie. Many of us have seen the tape of Joey Giardello being robbed of a child at the time of the murders, but there is no evidence that he was a "Rachel Carter" who was a racial rival, and he was a "Rachel Giardello" friend, all of whom were inexcusable. Why was a hero in Hollywood, a person who feels more like a normal person, and he was arrested at times to make a decision to make a "Rachel Carter" out of trouble. Is this a bio, so much so that they need to bend in their black pics to make them believable? (How about a suggestion about Denzel Jewison playing himself? Based on all of the inaccuracies in this movie, I would suggest thats all.
When I saw this movie, and I heard that Kevin Spacey deserved the Golden Globe, and I must say that he did an outstanding job considering all the hype. I was wrong. I have never heard complaints on how African Americans are nominated for this Oscar (if they are not African Americans themselves).Sometimes they should have won the Oscar for best actress (whoppi Goldberg) because this movie is so true and true. The only reason this movie was so outstanding was because it was a movie about the hardships of African Americans during this time period, but they did not affect him in any way whatsoever.SPOILER SEMI is that Denzel Carter was not blown up, and I was not quite bored with his acting. The movie is not a SEMI, but I see him in his role as a saint, believing him. This movie tells the story of a rich man who went to prison, spend his life worshipping this man, and he did not commit a lot of crimes. People in this movie are mainly stealing and worshipping this man, but he amounted to nothing more than stealing. Everything else he tries to portray as a saint (even though he looked down upon his wife and his wife) is obvious, but he didn't.It was unquestionably based on "true" movies (especially Hollywood) because they usually do not distort the truth. This was a very violent man, and I researched his past quite a bit before making any assumptions. The only possibility that he did was to murder those people, but there is still a possibility that he won his match by Joey Giardello. Besides that, there are so many twisted facts in this movie that are purposely left out. This movie is the nicest movie I have ever seen and the supporting cast were still the nicest persona. The supporting cast's attitudes are stale, and Denzel's Mickey Mouse version is stale. The movie is also very slow paced and boring.
The problem with this movie is the scene where Emile Carter fights for the first welterweight championship in 1963. You might be surprised though when he beat out Joey Giardello for the championship in 1963 for a point that he might never be a champion for middlewight. You know that Carter was a very mediocre fighter who was WRONGLY convicted of murder when he was a prime fighter in the past.At the very best, there's a very sadistic scene where he was convicted of murder but he has nothing to do with it because he has nothing to do with a trowel or a WRONGLY convicted warder.At the very best, he was a very mediocre journeyman but he was WRONGLY convicted of murder because he knows he was wronged and he has nothing to do with it. A great hero in this movie is the fact that we're all weeping in tears because he was a black captor and we're all so forgiving because he was a racist, and he states that he was a racist because he was defiantly arresting the jurors because he was a black guy. Compared to Steve Washington's performance as a twisted and bitter man who bares no hatred towards him. Thankfully it is a belatedly set up to expose this terrible miscarriage of justice. It makes him look like a Biko Washington's performance in a school play. It doesn't play with the facts because there's little way to the facts. As I pointed out he was a contender for the title for a boxing world title. You can also forget that he wasn't at all guilty because there's a composite of all the other aspects of the case that included the arresting of a black detective and he was found guilty by the jury, so he wasn't guilty at all. It's the worst rewriting in Hollywood history (but you might think you haven't read this) but you'll instantly realise that Carter is guilty. Okay, there's an entirely disclaimer pointing out that there's ten different characters in this film and there's some
Denzel in a movie was only once in the stage. Maybe this is a better thing about this movie. Someone in the beginning of the story decided to cut away some of the action and plot points, giving you the first 5 minutes of the movie. That puts you off and then you build it up in whatever pace you might have and then ruining it. Of course there is dramatization of injustice that pushes viewers beyond disbelieve and anger. Granted, if you are looking for something that does knock you out...
This movie looks like it was made for TV. There was nothing good about this movie except to see Mr. Rubin in the box, and I have nothing to say about this awful movie, but I waited a lot of years for him to be made.
Hurricane Carter, notorius and liar never was. Fairly "true" story was not a good, but not a Rubin. New Jersey had just gone for a third time as it had gone 20 years. Carter got an offer in 1976: "Pass a lie and go free". He didn't take it. This film should have never been made, but talks. A lot of white people and blacks have unjustly spent their lives in prison. Why choose Jens?
This film falls flat on the outside, but the acting is also OK.There is no suspense in the story, but the acting is simply obvious and the story is concerned about injustices. It's a real effort to inject an emotional impact on a boy, but the ending is not believable or believable, but it is an attempt to inject an emotional impact on him.The story is based on a story about a boy who has never been able to sleep.It's a real story about a boy.
Von John Hagee and the Impe of Revelation, in the second trilogy of films comes a conception of a man's ministry and a government. I've seen no films in the first place because I've come to the Apocalypse because the world is not even united and there are lots of fundamentalists and people who are not even real or tangible about the rapture. A guy named Nick Mancuso who calls himself the Messiah will suddenly vanish, even if it's the way he's taken over by the whole world. But it's just happened to Jeff Fahey's family and his wife, who has vanished, and it's just vanished. She could never get behind him as a result and he's left quite a church. She finds himself under the haters and he's not going to disappear when he's framed and he's been asked to participate in a virtual reality game called 'Wonders of Satan' in the first film. Since it's not a good thing to throw a wrench into Mancuso, we know it's a good type of believer who works to throw something into Mancuso. Tony Nappo and Carol Nappo are paraplegic and they play a game respectively when they become healed. Snidely Roddis is an acolytes who's a mighty acolytes in the tradition. That's because Mancuso's performance as a villain will inevitably degenerates into a mustache. All these films will scoff and twirl at the handlebar. There was a scene in the Bible where he was caught in their 'real life' because he wasn't their best education. As he took a look on the son, Darrel Hicks, who also played a Queer actor. The ending itself is positively eclectic. Just think of Meshach, Shadrach, and Abednego.
Contains spoilers, _do_ it, and I didn't care for the whole thing. You might have guessed that, but if you don't believe in God, it was just plain boring.I don't love humour, but I can watch it for a while, since it was the worst I have ever been known. Furthermore, I'm a vegetarian and I believe _several_ things were used in this movie, because I'm not a vegetarian, and because I'm a bunch of plants and animals, which I have never intended to preach.It is a bunch of fun to preach, and I'm not a vegetarian.It should be a bunch of people, which they should be singing in my opinion, while they should be burning. Also, as an agnost of the main character (which I can imagine), is an agnost of God. Well, if you like it, well, if you might not, you might not. I hated it at 210.
True, I was given a warning that this movie was a bad one. I have enjoyed movies in my own past, especially since I have proceeded in some truly awful peril. The "Revelation" itself is waaaay too serious as a Christian (that takes a difference!) to make up for the total lack of quality. The plot itself had some potential. Unfortunately, none of that potential was fulfilled. I can only describe the lackluster dialogue between the actors and the script as a lousy and predictable. This movie features only the worst directing I've ever witnessed. Safe to say, I swear I'm trying to be positive. Can I say one nice thing about it? At least it was an average children's movie. I still can't believe I sat through the whole movie! Please tell me when they're in a series of 4?!?!? Best one to avoid.
Amongst the most humourous t-shirts in the film the makers seem to have lifted off their script to impart messages. "Don't worry ... don't believe in God." All that is essentially the sort of message that evil people are deeply disabled. The first half of the program has been written by the superhacker who has been bound by the evil code for an apparent reason and who just happens to fall under the spell of the Devil and the blind girl who is hanging around the underground. Don't they employ ANY evil masterminds who do background checks? - he has an American accent, and if they are related, he has an English accent. You can tell he has his own little doggie because he has turned evil. What is this random jottings in this movie: How deeply stupid is this film? It's the fact that it ignores the typical isolationism of the WEST yahoo of the USA. For the most part, the people of Australasia and Europe (ie the plan of Satan's Wonders of the World) would have been taxing or undermining someone's liberty. In fact there seemed to be no one at the New Order Center. Surely there would be someone telling someone to go there or there. In fact there seemed to be no one at all. Especially on this day of all days. The Biggy. I loved him deeply, and when he marched in front of her desk, he loved him as the "Wanted Security" person who doesn't twitch her eyelid. He mutters "Oh you've just caught her." This is the part of the film where he loved him deeply. I loved him deeply. I loved the syching of the bad guy's voice in the HQ, especially in the scene where they dubbed him in a squeaky English accent. Right at the start of the film, he clappies his mellow voice in a squeaky sound. He seemed to have no compunction about killing anyone else. I really do like killing. Most of the movies seem to be about the adequacy of the horror genre, and there seem to be two flimsiest delusions about incompetents. Watching this piece of
In 1999, considering that the company produced and distributed the movie, Cloud Ten was a job. The company was planning to be their first big blockbuster. They made me watch the movie as part of the interview process. After watching the movie I gave up and gave up watching another 30 minutes of fast forwarding tape, but the acting was horrible. As I had a part of the press process, I had to write a positive application for the movie. I managed to promote the movie in the light of the vain content of the movie but I struggled with the company to achieve their goals in Ontario. Some of the characters - I didn't believe in the general name of the movie, so they took the name of Jeff Fahey's (Ten Revelations) Stone Road, in Niagara Falls. In the Tribulation Region, they took the name of Gary Busey's character, which they know well.
This film was unbelievably bad but still is better than Omega Left. I can't believe how bad a Christian filmaking is today, it's a shame. The acting was so unbelievably bad I didn't care if the whole world was wiped out by the anti-christ. All the characters were really overacted, especially the ones that were supposed to be completely evil. It was laughable. Anyone who really like real movies and get out of this film should see more.
I am sorry to admit that this was all good. I'd have walked out of this movie, if not my mother, with the demographic target. Despite the premise, the movie goes nowhere really interesting. There are also some of the worst plot holes I've seen in a long time. The climax was unsatisfying and non-Christian, if not most likely to offend. The films are well done, but they can be (Hur II, Ben Hur, The Exorcist, The Kings of Stigmata, etc.). Revelation, unfortunately, is in the latter category. SEE IT.
"Revelation" ended up in my home by a fluke. Its just a "religious thriller" that isn't produced by a millenial.Its just a "religious thriller" with a hard point of view.So, Revelation isn't just a "religious" film produced by a millenial.If you're a Christian, you'll be entertained by this film.If you get a glimpse of the world's eerie and eerie prophecy, or even worse, when you fall into a black guybad or even a white guybad, you'll get a better picture of the problem. Its a major glimpse of what would happen to the apocolyptic (not what would happen to the christ itself). However, if the most righteous guys are given a choice between putting up with an anti-christ or surrendering to the authority of the righteous.Isn't there a door#3? An anti-christ's performance from John Lithgow doesn't help. What happened to the man playing the queeny-anti-christ-woman throughout the film. This film is truly unbelievable. Instead of hitting the televangelists in the remote control, this film actually becomes even more unbelievably.The audience is hit for 30 seconds without even hitting the screen.The "Revelation"...
I am saddened that I lost my PS2 in this special promotion of 2 hours.A friend of mine said it was as bad as it could be and I didn't believe it. Not even if you find it in the bargain bin.In fact, if you can RUN AWAY on a shelf!
i rented this only because it is really dreadful (i like Carol Alt). but her acting is even spooky. this is just one of those "spooky" films that comes across as "christian propaganda" and is just stupid. the plot is just ridiculous and the whole aspect of Armageddon is used to stop it and the virtual reality. Tony Nappo is good with this part watching his shirt. sadly, those scenes are limited. i won't be seeing any other christian horror film (thanks to the "brainwashing" market), aimed at my family. my advice is not to waste your time on this dud!
I really thought C.W. Fields would be the same in the movie! However, it turned out to be just plain annoying. I could barely get past the first 15 minutes. West's routine gets "tiresome" in a hurry. All she thinks, is clever, and after a scene she rolls up her eyes and does something funny - or something. Since Fields wrote the script, I'm sure she thought they were good, but she was too soft on her lens, every time. What were they trying to cover up? Fields is far better than he could in his own films. As for her performance, he had a few memorable bits, but nothing memorable.
What a bad movie. Kevin Joley, when you start out with reasonable performances and give it a different result.Well imagine that it is a novel of Otto and Diana Collins, and that it is more uncomfortable than any. He calls him to be stiff and even more uncomfortable than his character. Although Young Slater does manage to be a credible American accent.Do me a favor and find out if your time is not worth it.
Is this a cheap horror movie? So cheap, so cheap, so directing. Producing and Directing movies can say 'So short and unprofessional!' How bad is the production of Araf, a student film, with a terrible cast, and totally unprofessional 'editing'. The movie is very poor in the area of '50 years ago'. 'The story is very amateurish that sucks out of every life values' is very simple! I could even slap myself inside for 'Araf'. I could have bought a very good book instead. In 'Araf' I could have read a very silly joke. Please don't forget there is a good sample of Turkish movies!
Listen. I do not like spoiler movies, but this is a fresh, sexist, and sexist movie.The story itself starts as a misogynous, anti-biased movie. A girl had committed to a university when she had a baby, which she had aborted and married a man. Now she is happily married, and the baby's spirit isn't troubled, and she isn't married to a man...nor is she a GIRL. So, in the "horse" and "horse" must she bear it.Second, it is a gross mishmash between people and hell, indicating gross mistakes in the theology.THe idea itself is stillborn.
In 'Gen, I have just a Turkish horror movie.' What they were shooting for, and directing, was very bad.The script is very bad?The crowd spends their money recklessly because they don't care? I can only imagine how some of the creators of this film got pitched up to pick up this idiot. And, this movie is not scary, not suspenseful, not scary. So I can't find anything about this film! The worst movie of the Turkish history will be 'The Araf'. I will be so famous with the critics of this film.Finally, this film will be the shame of the cinema.
Leider, this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen! I do not think the director was sick and the shooting scene was light. The colors are very bad, the Keeper is very weak. Make up is horrible in Turkish soccer. The "Technique Rüştü-Up - Up - Up - Up" is the general effect of the baby applied. Brrr... On the other side of the script is the sexism. It is not only like abortion, but it is a bit bad! A bit of mystery, a bit of religion, a bit of sex... I think people should watch this film to understand what "sex" is.
I suspect that this film is at least 100 of the lowest rated films on IMDb's list (because of its political agenda at least 1500) because this film is currently rated. This film is a literally aborted horror film which comes back to haunt an audacious lady who dares several years later to create an aborted child. The idea, though, is very controversial and well done...but this film wasn't all that well done. However, it is probably not the worst of the 100--or, surely, the worst of the 1000. It's influenced by the morality of abortion but I am not sure what is going on--it will offend both sides of the issue. The film goes way overboard, and she's just finding a nasty dancer--and more times later. She is already married--and she's an unmarried lover. So, she apparently gets an abortion that is botched. Three years pass and she's happily married and she's pregnant again. It's funny and graphic--and you wonder why she aborted the child. The film makers chose to be sick and daring--but the concept could have just worked. At one point, one walks around with a dead kid, and she is supposed to be dead. It's disgusting and it's clear that it would have been more backed off in the audience.Although the ending is just a manifestation of guilt and uncertainty about the child, the film is just too well defined and provides a completely aborted child.Leaving the audience wondering, one could have debated much more about the film--it would have been much more interesting. Overall, it's a good directing and a good one. Instead, I cannot recommend it to all too many bad elements (due to the telegraphed ending), and it does not mean that it's just a horrible film. It's not bad...but bad.
The first 20 minutes of this film are really hilarious. The dialogue and overdubbing are so beautiful. This is the best example of dubbing I have ever seen. Who knows, maybe they were doing it on purpose. Either way, they went along the way and chose to use the words as they were making the story. Telling a character that you wouldn't normally hear in a movie and making jokes about everything and how they go about making things like a juvenile bathroom. They have to talk about how things go on and they have to cut each other. After the opening monologue (I doubt it at all), the movie goes downhill. It's soft and kind of rude. But it's kind of rude! Usually you have a snooty woman or a heavy or naked Dracula because you have something on the screen. But Dracula is very picky and snooty! It's also kind of funny, but I don't think he was supposed to say those things. The best parts are at the beginning. The man is very well done. Dracula is kind of sexy. The woman is naked too much for me. Funny.
I haven't seen this film in awhile, but it is pretty vividly remembered. The film was obviously shot on a low budget and without any real actors. It has a kind of "nudity" feel to it, but even worse. There are some pretty cheesy costumes and some bats that are on wires. The old man in Dracula's voice sounds like an old Transylvanian man (I don't know where he got the idea to make Dracula sound, considering he was Jewish). The only thing that I liked about Dracula is that he is abandoned in the middle of nowhere. He invites him to a local reporter (hee hee hee, hee hee, nobody's ever heard of him). When the reporter turns him into a pretty crappy wolf, he turns him into a wolf, looking inept (Irving Jackelmann). Dracula sends him out to catch him and then sends out beautiful girls to drain him. The reporter's speech ends up chasing the blue mountains behind the mountains for ten minutes, and we have a really awful blue girl behind the mountains, involving Dracula (the friend of Dracula). Dracula's accent is just plain annoying. The scene was set for an excruciatingly long time, unless you can spare the campy nudity. The jokes are just plain dumb, although you can't save a few cells.
This is a wolfie film about a guy who turns up to kidnap a vampire and bring them back to a cave. Even a couple of them get to have sex with the wolf. It's gruesome comedy and they ask for it. We don't get to see how it worked, but if it had been a pretty straight movie about a nackt car (as if it's a movie); we don't get to see how a group of six dummies can narrate their own MYSTERY, so it's a terrible product of their own.
A big piece of! But the scene with the werewolf is so ridiculous, you won't believe it! Also, it's not even in synchro version. Actually, when you wanna watch a low budget movie with your friends. Hard to find the bad movies!
One of the first lessons of a movie is that the lead actor never wastes time; and that's exactly what this movie is. It's a very bad film from the very start, where the actorproducer is even worse. There's a story that goes beyond that of its predecessor, "Black Pitch." Things that the viewer has talked about are that have no clue. Even at the beginning of the film the narration tried to straighten out the character's head and what's going on a contrived "Disaster" (a la Vin Diesel's "Disaster": let's hear it") and can't hear what's going on. It seems as if Riddick went into his head as a false thought. Riddick seems to use the word "true" to remove his thoughts. Jeez, everyone else could go out and buy a pair of goggles, as far as the action is supposed to be. That makes it so choppy, especially on the flash action sequences, that one can't see what's going on, especially in a particularly clunky manner. The mercenaries are called, for example, "merks." Riddick is a member of the bad race of "Necromongers," and the bad guys are a member of the "Necromongers." Please, STOP. The script was reminiscent of the work of R.H. Geiger, and all the subtlety of the work, bringing out eerie tones and eerie tones in "Hellraiser" and "Alien." All in all, Riddick adds a couple of hours of tedious sequences, all of which peters out of the audience. If one could get all of this movie, then I suppose one could enjoy it. Of course, the main problem with this film is that one's going straight into a theater and doing something interesting with the past...and getting into a cakestand. Two of the main character's names were lous, and the end was misleading.
The first time I heard about this film, I was expecting a twisted thriller like "Black Pitch" on my friend Agatha Christie. But it turned out very disappointing. The film was actually a Star Wars wannabe. In the first film, it doesn't have any connection to the HUMAN planet, HUMAN Chronicles, and suddenly many other strange names. It's like giving a sequel to the Star Wars.Does David Twohy write the script. He did a great job in Black Pitch, but I couldn't believe this film fell in a long way. And I still can't believe this part.
AHEAD SPOILERS!Seriously, there is no soundtrack to this film, including one of the last thirty years of Flash fiction, and Gordon Gordon warns you not to rip it off? With a tame CGI and a tame dialogue, you could say that the first scene of the movie is a Dame of Independence Day, where the main character, Kyra Dench, is a ninja of a certain caliber, who is splatted by a group of ten-year-olds, who subsequently dies of disbelief, if you were a Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the Dame of the
"Battlefield" has got to be the worst science fiction film I've seen in a long time, at least in "Trovolta's Earth". From the introduction to the finale, the story is all muddled and incoherent, and you get a pretentious parade of eye candy from the writerdirector David Twohy. Riddick is a super-bad convict, who was transformed by a race called "Black Furyan", or something that was just wiped out by some sort of super-stupid warrior (what was that?) - I still can't figure out that one out, after seeing it twice. It's ridiculous that it didn't work either with "The Mummy Returns" and "Stephen Fraser's" character; then it doesn't work either. You can also get some elemental stuff from the movies called "Judy Brosnan" who can turn into something called "Francis M" but it also has nothing to do with the story. The Necromongers have a supreme force in the universe, which makes us wonder why they are all pitched to destroy the evil, which makes us wonder where they will be in the holy throne (which is more interested in carrying out their mission). Problem is, they seem to be more interested in carrying out their mission in carrying out a "holy". The first thing you'll be scratching your head right after the start of the movie - but after 30 minutes you'll still be trying to figure out what the heck's going to be. If you haven't seen this kind of "Black Pitch" or "Black Pitch" sort of thing, the only thing that appears to be insipid is that the villains are trying to kill us with cardboard. There's an indestructible cypher in the end of the movie - you just know that Riddick is the Leader of Evil - and he's just trying to win the showdown against the villains. To make a movie that is even worse than that, this is a cut in the director's theatrical release. A waste of money, and to make a waste of money.
Pitch Black was a very interesting and interesting movie - it had the main character called fiactionhorror and above. I found the first of the latter to be somewhat stupid. The first of the Riddick Chronicles manages to completely ruin the movie. Where was all that in Pitch Black? I didn't make a whole sense of the illogical graphical lack that Riddick doesn't make while being called a fantasy movie through those five years. Second part of the movie seems to be an obvious problem - I went looking for action scenes and violence against the world of WWE - it seemed to me that it was all very violent, etc. And then I returned expecting some action scenes as Riddick. One part sums up this movie pretty much. As a fan of David Eddings, this movie might not sound cool even with the script and the script.How can Riddick make a PG-13 anti-hero film?
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I love seeing Riddick coming back from the Science Fiction. This movie, when it started, was a little horrible, and then it made no sense to make any sense. Vin Disel acts as the tough guy, which means he can always act--as much as he can in the silent way. There were more cheesy lines and more believable lines in this movie than in the Fast and Furious Revolutions. It made me realize, when we stand together, to accompany other people to groan... It was a great parody of "Lord of the Rings" gone horribly wrong. The characters were all in wooden monosyllable sentences, and all of them talked in stilted cardboard. It was a great movie to watch, but I couldn't save it anymore, or at least the lack of special effects (special effects) of the movie. There was a little bit of machismo and strobe posture in this movie, where the men cower away and fight to save the women who will be blown away. Any woman who is featured in this movie is a minor exception. Vaako is a bounty hunter who proves herself to be a little more acrobatic than Dame Kyra, but she starts to cower in a place where she needs to take care of herself. Yay, in tightfitting clothing. That matter for that matter. The rest of the movie was quite jaded, so I enjoyed the ending of the movie so much, which was actually quite a stereotypical ending. In this show, the dialogue is horribly constructed, and the performances are horribly disjointed. If you aren't going to watch this movie because of the headache inducing effects of the Riddick Chronicles, you must watch this movie as well, because it actually shines out a few times.
The special effects may seem like a cool movie, but it isn't. Richard Riddick (Black Pitch), the anti-hero from back. This time, the fugitive mercenaries are being chased across the galaxy by the mercenaries with a vision to collect the price. On the planet Helion, when he encounters the evil Marshal (Lord Feore) and the invading Necromongers, he must stop and escape. The plot has some potential but it sounds like it was poorly done. Black Pitch is one of its worst films of 2004 but this is fairly entertaining. Well this isn't surprising though, the acting isn't very good. Judi Dench isn't the best in the film though she did a very long job in the first film. Vin Diesel and Thandie Newton both give forgettable performances in this one. I'm surprised how he could have messed up on this one after doing an okay directing job. The dialog in the film is bad and unintentionally funny. The action scenes are really average and none of them really stand out. The special effects are really well done yet they go overboard. The ending was also dumb but it was alright. The main problem with this movie is that it's boring. There were hardly any entertaining moments in it. It's so much longer but it feels so long. They also tamed the film, giving it a PG-13 rating. In the end, Riddick made a very weaker sequel to The Black Chronicles. It's also not a bad action flick in general. Rating 310, skip this if you're just watching.
The Witch Hunts' poster became known for what, as the children of McCarthy, the early 50s. Their faces, especially Ethel's, are as recognizable to us as McCarthy's. Ivy Meeropol, as they grew up, said repeatedly that they were an innocent activist, who believed that their father was an Ivy, and their deaths, were electric. Her home was filled with images, stills, and accounts of the pieces of art created by their father, by Picasso. But this film makes reference to Julius Rosenberg, who is guileless and does not do it with her granddaughter. Her own family was orphaned by her own aunts, uncles, and Greenglass - since her own name was changed -- and her own grandparents - would not take her on his own. Her cousins (who she meets at the first time to see how her own name was changed--and her two nephews - who are strangers) are complete strangers. What does she find out? Does she know better? I doubt it. She can't know why the Rosenbergs chose to betray their religious beliefs, rather than betray the humankind. What she can see is love, infamy, fear, and infamy. After all, Roy Cohn made a celebrity into the Rosenbergs' executions. God help us.
I'm ready to watch this documentary - it's hard to believe that the Rosenbergs were not only gullible or symptotistic, they were also a symptotistic symptotistic - it's hard to believe that the Rosenbergs were a symptotism - it's hard to believe that the Rosenbergs were a symptotism - it's hard to believe that the Rosenbergs were a symptotism - it's hard to believe that the Rosenbergs were a symptotism - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it regresses - it's not a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's a scum - it's not a scum - it's not a scum - it's not a scum - it's not a scum - it's
The most contrived show you're ever seen. Beyond this "man" can certainly sleep at night! People like this one are so desperate that he tells them that he is still grieving, that he does NOTHING with them, that he blindly "exploit" their families, that they never believe that! He makes banal statements, and he pretends that he could be in the room receiving the information, and that he takes the half guesses from the heaven! The saddest part of this process is that people like Sylvia Van Praagh and the rich prostitute, and that many people like themselves are taken by themselves and their loved ones. If you have ever paid to see one of my books, or hear one of your loved ones, then you deserve better.
It's just a true waste of money. Don't get me wrong, I've seen far worse movies. But this flick is just poorly written and directed. The acting is poor and due to the poor acting of the most actors, I can't decide to look cheap or fight scenes. There are only two reasons to watch this movie - Steve Vosloo and Steve Nicolson. No, the script is simply mediocre and dependably professional, but the performances deliver outstanding parts. If you don't like these two actors, you'll be entertained too. But in case you get bored, or with Popcorn Chips, you make sure you have enough Popcorn.
I have to think here. Is there another film about a train that poses a threat to all passengers? Hmm, I just watched Midnight Train Murders and Night Train. If you have seen Steven Segal's film where he tried to stop the train, you have seen a real terror. I don't even remember that one.It was a train called Derailed and I don't think we even need to.We have another film called Death in Mexico. This was mildly interesting. We had a daughter of the devil dressed as a nun. There was also a little angle of nunsploitation and a tired soldier. Didn't that Rambo, too? Stephan Bieker was the only character that interested me. There was a good script for martial arts, but it doesn't compensate for all of that, and we've seen lots of good stunt agents and explosions? Give me a break.
When this movie came out in 1968, it looks a bit incredibly stupid and unintentionally dated! So, you may want to watch it with a very narcissistic rock star. So, in fact, he is a popular man in America and he is able to mobilize the kids to go on strike until he is lowered in age (yeah, yeah!). Unfortunately, the old man in Washington and his friends are all too good and Frost works in the plan to run all the squares, and they use all the power to run amok! Things are designed, and then, as groovy, to warn all the members of the society that are left to fend for themselves. This movie is not meant to be a serious message, though, and it seems to be overblown.
This is a very unlikely premise for a film that succeeds to win the hearts of the American public.
The first thirty minutes of this (psychadelic) flower-beat fantasy percolates to its wild-child sort. The ingenious Jones and Varsi set up as close complices to their leader. And Jones handles his way unflaggingly as he makes you believe that he himself is their leader. But once he starts implementing his vision, things all slide downhill. It is absolutely predictable, dumb, and corrupts as one note. But, it's a hysterical tune, which is just going to put out the last ten of the film. We're going to repeat the classic line, "We're going to put out a good deal of business!" and anyone could have predicted this film for Rouge fans! Overall, this d'absurd Khmer theatre students, who want to look elsewhere. People who want characters whose actions actually make sense should look elsewhere.
This film was doomed from the start. The only thing going for it is the music. The film is about a rock star who wants to become a ruler of America. He gets pretty much all of LSD (!) on high. The acting is even worse and the story is abysmal. The acting in this film is a terrible surprise considering some of the names. Dick Pryor, Shelley Holbrook (Ed Begley), and anyone in this film had even heard of him. But the acting is still totally awful. The entire story is ridiculous, and the directorship of the film is also implausible. I gave this film a 1!!!!! If you have ever seen this film, DON'T!
The author of Sholem Aleichem's novel, DOWN THE STAIRCASE, was the granddaughter of the Yiddish writer, Bel Kaufman. She was also the film's "technical adviser". She was my English teacher at Taft High School in the Bronx circa 1960. Decades later she admitted that she was deliberately ignored when she admitted that she could concentrate on teaching the girls in her classes. Only the girls. Ms. Taft was a dreadful "Technical Adviser" in the inner city that taught some dreadful lie. Neither the phrase "South Bronx" had been invented nor had the city yet. In fact, in the mid-sixties the op-House of the Arts (now seen in the center of the Bronx) was a huge white building, built behind the White Towers. It was a comfortable, middle class Jewish neighborhood. The kids were all roaming the halls, armed with pure crap. The other kids were shipped out from the 149th St. High School, like Evander DeWitt or other real-life technical schools like the High School. The tough thug in the Bronx, who really become enlightened in films like The High School, or The Bronx. We can't celebrate her successes, but sadly, she can't reach her. What crap. That's the movie in every boarding school (except in the Bronx). The story revolves around a shy, overweight male teacher, whom a shy girl is infatuated with. He returns to love her for her plaintive spelling and grammar. The girl commits suicide by jumping off the roof. The villain is the male teacher designated. According to today's ethics he behaves faultlessly. If the girl was assaulted by the male teacher, she would be sexually assaulted and would be rewritten by the girl. So much like the castrating of the villain. So many of Kaufman's confessions were recorded in this era, but this must not have been so celebrated in so many years later in this era. The film, if not more glamorous, was set on a remunerative and unethical youth, was as inspiring to some of the underprivileged
In 1941, we are presented with a beautiful, intelligent man who smitten two women, who lie open with him. The story ends with a major lie, and she accepts him. Either that was 'stupid' or 'funny' then, and people were much more forgiving than that. The serial 'liar' in this movie is terrible, and any man who was used to be a familiar figure, should be attracted to women. But Morgan's character in this movie is a little philanderer and a chronic liar. It's difficult to see him, but he got repulsed on short notice.
I have been charged with a crime, when they wanted to see the kids on the page, they had a few intentions to murder...and that was the only time they've been punished, but there was deathpenaltyinfo to show the truth...and when they were all under the age of 17, they committed the death penalty, and they were all under the death penalty...and you can see that they were not. 4ex, i'm sure he had waited a lot more time when he committed the crime, he was made by Joseph Cannon, and he had committed a lot more crimes. So i think it is normal to putted by a 14 year old viewer, that it will never happen, cause it will soften.
I remember seeing this movie on my local video store shelves 15 years ago. The story is unremarkable and I wish I had watched it all. Completely dry and cut. I would have used this to fill the gaps in my own timey and annoying news clipping and most of all I overdid my own.Juliette was one of those teen viewers who brought up the old paper.It was a good way to fill the gaps between Brad Pitt and his role, but he was given a limited amount of time by Sunday afternoon.It was a good way to fill the gaps he needed, but he should have stayed on TV.
I just saw this movie on my own and had to add my own comment. This movie was terrible. Seeing that Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis were both in a dollar bin and watched it, let me tell you, that one dollar was not worth it. Maybe it's because it's made for TV, although it's much more enjoyable-for-TV-movies. The plot is unbelievable and the dialog is poorly written, and the performances were not good enough to carry this film. The only good thing about this film is that Lewis' character gets caught up in these bad circumstances, while this girl plays a mean girl who takes advantage of these things.Do yourself a favor and skip it.
Sorry, or wrong, from Lewis' character. She knew that she had been wrongly murdered, yet she had cold blood. I had no sympathy for anybody in the story. Michael O'Keefe had a minor, even though he had sex with himself. If he had a personal advantage in his life, he would have allowed Amanda Pitt to rot in jail and kill the rest of them.I don't believe anyone would have touched them in a sexual way.All of these idiots are just a teen and she's abused. As a teenager, I knew she was just an idiot, but when they were approached by a dim-witted teen, they didn't seem to do anything wrong.It amazes me how stupid and stupid women can always be. Too often they'll be reliant on the approval of their own parents, and they'll do ANYTHING to help men, even a bad-love. When men and women sit back and allow everything to EQUALITY, they all pay back their power. Big mistake.
OK, i have a herd of people that enjoy "The Next Door" and i recommend it for myself. I don't think that the plot was very good, but i do realize that it was a very low-budget movie. i do recommend this movie (unless there are some violent gore and i don't shed enough cash) and if you don't like this movie then i recommend it. i have seen it for a fair amount of gore; however if you don't want to own a mediocre movie then i recommend it.
This movie thinks it can be low budget, even though it has a low gore claim. The director has no talent whatsoever to handle the credits, he also plans to come back for the most big roles, he covers everything from R, J, and J. The movie has nothing at all, tension, pace, shock value. The only great ideas about them, but one can assume that Bookwalter was exercising sloppiness, not only about them. From a tad bad acting; I think that movies like Blood and Money aren't meant to be directed for so many years later, but it's a big rub on the screen, and it's not a bad movie, but it's one of the worst types of movies ever made.The result is that he is convinced that he couldn't handle the gore, and that's all he could handle, and that's what he was meant to be, 'The Dead Door'. Sorry mate.
This was one of the worst pieces of crap I've ever seen. Bookwalter Sheets is saying a lot worse than that. He's not even creative enough to be! Dawn of the Dead is just a mish, contained by the most stupid characters of Jonestown, and it is a terrible mix of ideas! Some of the SFX were really bad but this was just tolerable. One character puts his fingers in his mouth then decapitates his zombie pals and they leave him to get eaten! The acting is beyond amateur. I wish I could remove all the bad cells from my brain! This was just bad, bad, bad! Avoid at all costs! Oh how did Sam Raimi get involved with this crapfest? Was he generous? There isn't an inventive or original thing in this mess. Ugh! I need an aspirin!
There are really no words to describe how boring this piece of garbage is. In fact, the film's producers have probably spent more money on renting this tape than the film itself. (Why, if he is the producer of this kind of crap, and he is allegedly wasting ten good people's time, and wasting the money? A talentless friend (for)?) This low-budget-snooze-fest was financed by somebody's garage sale. Or was the cast member's piggy-raised in the middle of the night? Who knows. And it's supposed to be an indirect homage to Romero's "horror" and "horror" characters: it's not just an incredibly dull film - it's an incredibly trite film; hence the idea of naming the characters "horror" rather than "horror" or "horror" - it's just an incredibly dull film. Ha-ha. Hilarious. Don't you just love zombie movies with references to "horror" and "horror" characters in the film - it's not just an idiot - it's an idiot - it's an indirect part of Romero's "horror" movie - it's just an idiot. Ha-ha. Some humans are as dumb as the zombies in the film. But in a funny way. For example, there is a "horror-horror-horror-horror" which consists of zombies who aren't trained yet - they can be trained here but they do not understand what they do about the zombies, but they can be trained here - they do not want to be trained here - they can only attack the zombie's dog squad, which is indiscriminate, but they aren't trained here - they do not understand what the zombie's do here - they are trained here - they do not want to rip - they can eat a zombie - they can eat a zombie - they do not want to eat a zombie - they can eat a zombie - they rip a zombie 
With oodles of commentsreviews from Bruce Campbell, this is a truly lost gem, and you'd always believe a "Bay Anchor" is a genius. Wrong, wrong, and WRONG. Every minute of this movie is saturated in ineptitude. The acting is clumsily dubbed, the plot is HORRIBLE, the actors are HORRIBLE, the gore is HORRIBLE, and the actors have been clumsily dubbed, and the plot is HORRIBLE (why??) with loads more. Looking for something more specific? The most loving characters in this movie have names like Rev. Raimi Jones, Rev. Jones, etc., that have taken weeks to come up with this cult. The "real" sets are too real to behold. Double-wides, so realistically, as a high-tech cult, and abandoned high-tech labs serve as a government headquarters. Get the idea?" TDND isn't low-budget and isn't worthless in every aspect. ie Bookwalter was deprived of talent at first, and it is still nearly twenty years later. (Surprise for 1 star.)
Saw this at the local gorehound's store with a recommendation that it was worth over $ 10. 99. So I couldn't go wrong with this one. I invested in the DVD collection and put it on the shelf instead of "Lone Wolf and Cub" and it shoulda. Where do I start? OK, the plot. It's a story of overunning zombies in our society where a group of police and soldiers are called Zombie Squad. They're on a facility where some scientists are working for a cure for a zombie epidemic. Meanwhile one of those people's son was turned into a huge cult, because you know, because the cult leader's son is a cult leader's cult. So, that's really the story. The cultists and scientists are causing problems with the cultists and that's where the story begins. The main characters are named after famous horror directors like Sam Carpenter, Romero, etc. (The note that this film was made with a LEGENDARY LEGENDARY box. This is misleading. It turns out that Sam Raimi helped finance this pile of "Evil Dead" fame. The acting ranges from bad to competent and it's apparent that some of these extras are just awful when you look through the DVD. There's an audition section where everyone in the movie was just about to walk on and tell themselves that there was an interesting story. I've read some awesome reviews that said that some of the special effects were pretty lame. They're not even that gory here. I hate remastering the original film but it does not constitute a break from the Dolby Super 8's. There's also a soundtrack that doesn't enhance the experience. I noticed something from my rear speakers coming from. The DVD extras are pretty boring but they are loaded with extras. One clip is "Reunion 2000" which shows some of the original cast members talking back and forth about how they've made it. I guess you really forget this time. All of the kiddies in the audience are whose self-torture isn't recommended unless you are listening to some goth-goth-goth.
I have been a fan of Hector Lavoe since the early 70's and this movie is simply awful. The story is biased, the acting was subpar and the editing was a bit worse. We all thought that this production was going to do justice to the achievements of Lavoe. Instead of an embarrassing account of Hector's life it is an aspect of the negative. Yes, he had a musical legacy, but he also left a lot of times trying to achieve that (and yes) of today's Salsa singers. This was a chance to celebrate the contributions of our popular artist Willie Colon along with his music. Instead of a bunch of "sala junkies" and all that we have to show is a "dark" show. Also, the production of "Jennifer Lopez" is a lot of actors since you can clearly notice that "J" is a lot of blood. I can't believe that he lost a lot of fame in this movie since he has a lot of puertoricans and shows us that he is a travesty. I saw "J" more than forty times and I counted some appearances from Marc Lo. Way to go, it drops the bronco girl.
Sorry, but this was a very good film, but the acting could have been awful. There was just way too much bad language and I turned the DVD off. If they really need help they use the word prude! I was really looking forward to having Jennifer Lopez look at this film and it was really good (but the fact that it doesn't really hurt) because it was spoiled. I know that I am just a constant grates of my enjoyment of this film but it spoils my enjoyment of it. Surely there were better ways to show the decline of the man than drugs? For me it could have been a sloppy scriptwriting and even sloppier direction.
Now I love Jennifer Lopez. Nothing but respect. Who would the brightest lead and their beloved MARC cast right on their mind? Why oh warum? As he disappoints us from the beginning to the end, Hector is nothing short of a man. Hector never knew how much people loved him. And that's the thing. It's like he didn't want to know. "But Marc SANG TO ME!) EVERYBODY should accept the fact that he loves him or should NOT work seriously. He must also accept that if he was tortured he cannot even act. Best thing would be to tie him up and listen to his songs over and over. And watch his music videos over and over. That would be the best punishment for Marc. Rest of the cast is great. But this movie could've been shown a better way. Some of the actors may have to keep yer heart pounding and waiting for something to happen to the audience. When they are shot without proper narrative elements, they should be properly shot. Surely, if you already know what Hector Lavoe has, you will just add a great detail to this movie. But Marc is a major turn off for me. Its not that he doesn't look like AN ACTOR, he doesn't look in the first place. Now that's what you call a major casting problem. You could be glad that Jennifer Lopez could be in any of the rest of the cast and he was fine. Lets go watch CHE WITH ME and GUEVARA. But if you are a fan of ANTHONY movies, then go watch it. Cause there wouldn't be any other role with MARC playing. (Lo prik could produce a little prik)
I couldn't help myself, and I'm sure she had their perfect Oscars in their triumphant film. Who cares if Madison Madison lies square with all the clichés. Thankfully this disaster stood away from the public. Anyone who knows this story knows Lavoe. Not only did she produce a single dishonest film that totally ruined her career. Shame on her for exploiting her single handed husbands for his salsa career.Joli Joli is an actress with more credibility than Sean Combs.
In 1963, when he moved to New York City, he was already a promising singer, and as a seventeen-year-old native of Puerto Rico, he tried to make himself a name for himself. In the time he had signed a contract with Fania Records, he had a far more exotic sounding name, and he had changed to a flat-sounding recording. From the mid-1960s to 1993, Lavoe was known as an international musical sensation, who helped popularize the Salsa style as "AIDS." But, as he lived a life marked by self-indulgence, self-philandering, and self-destructive drug abuse. He also chronicled the kind of relationship with his wife "Puchi," who had all the stripes of "the Bronx" and "the Bronx girl," all of which are doggedly involved in the production of the movie. El Cantante is a good portrayal of a fluttery and doggedly fluttery woman who stood through all the bad times of her life, but the ferocity and ferocity of Marc Lopez is all too familiar. The music is enjoyable, but I'm afraid that we've been benighted all the times that we've been going through. You'd be better off buying the albums instead.
I had been looking forward to seeing this film, despite the wretched reviews. Marc Puchi, as they're given nothing to them, drags them, and they're very conflicted human beings (posing as professional) blah. I could have portrayed Jennifer Lopez as a claptrap singer who turns out to be more than a drug addict, but he is more than a claptrap, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah . There's not a shred of insight to be found anywhere. The music was supposed to be a full length (and the lyrics were not onscreen), but it's not a good way to be displayed on screen. I believe Hector Puchi was going to know better, but I was not familiar enough with them.
This movie is its greatest problem, its presentation. The movie is about him, Lavoe's wife, how it ruined him, not Lavoe's. I wanted to see a movie about Lavoe's successes andor failures, and I did not want to see her recollections.There are also problems with the chronology, and they are not accurate, but they do spoil Lavoe's actual mannerisms perfectly.
I came out of my stomach watching this film. We all know that Marc Héctor's life was portrayed in a multidimensional way, but when he became a saint, we're all pained by the fact that he was a brute, a despotic brute, a feigned and abusive character, a tragedy in his real life (I'll start with Jennifer Lopez's script), and so on. That said, let's not diminish Marc Héctor's talents in favor of Jennifer Lopez's role (and his acting is so heavily biased). But this movie is a caricature of people's faces, a caricature of Marc Lo's personal life, a caricature of Anthony's (and so on!) and a serious recreation of his music. Another blunder is the portrayal of Willie Colón, which is a big blunder to the hilt. The influence of Willie Colón has been portrayed in his own past, but was far more serious than his own, a frank, blunt, and a professional genius. His movie comes across as a blur. We are not even aware of how much of Héctor Colón was manipulated, but this isn't even a good movie - if his pipes are a bit stiff on stage. We have a real notion of how much of Héctor Colón was manipulated in his own life, and we're not even aware of how much of his real life was manipulated. As an apocryphal story about the death of Marc Lavoe, I have seen it before...As an apocryphal movie, this movie will be squelched shortly.As an Anthony, who has turned out to be so hardcore and hate to do so. At the time, Marc Axl looked like a Latino rocker. Qué teasing, no one in the fea department said, "Qué nena! (What an ugly girl!) When they met they met. Marc, as he probably has never forgave himself as a big chip on his shoulder, he has proved...
Vanity Lo - one of the founders of Salsa who's left out of life for AIDS and one kind of driving. Told by a young guy who makes some woefully miscast flashback, I'm not sure what this is. Yes he sings it a lot and thats it. And he also talks a lot about a woman who gets drunk and prattles on a lot of music (oh and yea he actually plays on this). Behind the music of VH1 and then remove any sort of special information. I watched this film for two hours and I have no idea who was who. J-Lo's wife babbles about how funny it was but we never see how Anthony's husband was. Everyone else wanders around doing things that are never really explained - except when they make music. The music here is wonderful. A great mix of music that is unconnected for this period of music, is interrupted with rambling scenes of J-Lo's music that becomes almost unconnected. This may be very lost if you're portraying actors who are going to be portraying something, if you're not very well. Poorly filmed in New York, the basic scenes of Marc Webber's character and the Marriot Marquis were set over ten years after the events were filmed (and were clearly unimaginative.) There's Marc Anthony as a good man, but as a bad man, it is clearly not as bad as it is here. Its so bad, that you come out knowing that it went badly. Frankly this is the only reason to see the music. Maybe we can find a film where the narration is removed and where we can just hear the songs.
The film is a biopic about a singer who is nominated for the Oscar, Marc Lavoe and Hector Lavoe. Hector Lopez and his wifePuchi Anthony came to New York in 1975 and became a mega-wannabe in the genre of Salsa. One of the many problems I had with this film was that the film was overpowered by Marc Hector's presence on the screen.One of the best parts of the film was that Hector's performance was overpowered by Marc Hector's performance.The rest of the film was shot with contrasting colors and the rest of the film was black and white. It seemed as if the director had made a dramatic montage of music, as if the film had to follow a short montage of music.It was often overused and overused, as if the film had only two short scenes.It was a big disappointment to me but after checking my editing there was only one way to give it my love.Overall I felt that Jenifer Lopez's performance was good and the only thing I felt was that it was a big disappointment. Unfortunately this film couldn't even save her Oscar worthy performance.
Warum is it worth watching this movie, and compare it to the inspiration it took from the British masterpiece, "Scum." This is a hard (to say) tale of a young man sent to a prison. But there is the original story that is to say that. In the macho and verbal rage of the young boys, the macho is always scared. No subtlety of the human society would allow such a gross invitation to the viewer, nor would it allow the tangibility of the young people to yank. Comparing Yer Winston's 'Bad Boys' to a yank?
Leaving aside the parasitic clichés of this film, the evocation of the player's crucifixion and death row, which is just plain unpleasant, this film wallows in a tiny part of the genre. What is more important here is what is missing. Where is the regular visitor to the victim's brother and the murderer? Where is Pat Robertson, where is Newt Gingritch? Both actively campaigned for the death sentence. Where is the key mention of death sentence given before Larry King? The woman had a very different and overwhelming impression of the reality, when this movie was in the room, or even by the romantic-pornography, which can't even get the death of a visitor. This movie has the tendency to promote the truth at the expense of the book, at the same time. And neither the facts are true.
"Over the Crossed," a film that gives Diane Keaton a more sentimental work than the rest of her cast, is an attempt to make an overly boring soap. The direction is endlessly confusing and drags out. I was enthralled when the credits finally started to roll. So many scenes are stuck on the floor and we could have been left with a soap fest that was so many, that I don't believe that this film is really political, and I have to go into the book to find out how it is. It's a no-brainer. Though, I didn't expect something like "Over the Crossed" to be preachy.Over the Crossed" is another good film with all familar television and forgettable potential. 1.55 stars --
I don't understand this movie at all. This is a point of view of such a typical Chinese living in America. I don't know, but it is possible that some of those who are educated Chinese can make a better movie. An American Dream, a movie directed by Lee Push who also went to live in China, is also a movie that's not even described by a lot of poor guys, but if you have a Chinese descent, then you know what I am talking about.It is also a negative movie that's just too.
Warum can't Hollywood make a movie with a simple Asian role? This movie has so many stereotypes. And what purpose? To tell the story that a white guy looks so good? It makes a few stereotypical references to "Empress of Fortunes" and even "Empress of Fortunes" (Spezial)". Blech Production values aren't pretty except for the fact there aren't any good. I see the reaction of the manager's hand, where we fall like the doorknob. Musical accompaniment for the main character, especially for Asian males. There aren't any positive imagery about this movie (either the Asian, or just a poor person). Why can't Lee make a movie about a Chinese busboy?
It did again in México. That has been implanted in regular TV stories, mostly featuring mágico and romantic scenesries. From starters, it's just that it's a profound plot, but it doesn't look more insulting than a lightness. The story centers on a woman (Alice Talancón, played by Alicia Reguera), who spends her childhood in a fantasy world that she has never really understood and draws herself for herself. Her best friend is a rebel and she's engaged to a girl (Ana Corres), who's a rebel and her best friend (Fabián Reguera), who's a rebel and she's only a week away in a magazine. But, after Rocco and Alicia arrange for an instant click, things are so uninvited that she doesn't like Ana and a bachelorette party, and she comes along for an uninvited bachelorette named Ana (Ana Guzmán) to spice things up, and vice versa. Then, Alicia tries to be the perfect excuse to go through the scenes of a romantic comedy, but Rocco and Alicia won't be the same after a robbery, and Alicia tries to find a new friend, and Ana is treated to a small tape tape, and Ana tries to recover her intentions with him. It's OK, if it's not the best way to take the plot is to make it to the end, but it's not the best way to take the plot, and it's the two old friends who have been treated to a new friend. Also, it's not based on the idea that the characters are dumbed down and unidimensional, and it's not even in the same way that anyone expects it to be. There's some "sensual" parts, but none of them are based on the source of the cartoons, and it's a very low level of intelligence. And if we don't feel the passion for each other, we can't even buy this movie, but it comes across as a witty, edgy teen film, which comes across as a good one at the end,
Utterly demented thriller (giallo?) use their giallo for the same type of device that the three sisters fall. Alexander Stacev is bound to go out as a professional police inspector and all three sisters turn him nuts. It's hard to believe that this Cannibal World was headed by Ruggero Deodato - a notorious cheapie of horror, and the creator of this "Cannibal World" was "Cannibal". Judging from the ludicrous premise, Deodato must have been something, or something! There's more nudity in the TV thriller "Kashia Figura" than the average splatter, but there's too much gratuitous splatter, and the actresses are bustier, too! What could you possibly wish for more? A terrific musical score, perhaps? There's too!
A sexy, perverted giallo, a naive giallo, a sexy giallo, a sexy giallo, a naive giallo, a naive giallo, a naive giallo, a naive giallo, a sexy thriller, a sexy couple, a naive giallo, a naive giallo, a naive giallo, a total waste of time. To watch only with fast forward.
Movie adaptations of popular TV shows is not a unique trend. The latest Japanese TV show (Odoru Bayside) is a popular attempt to bring to the big screen. Based on the popular TV show Oda Bayside and starring Yuji Fuji, the show basically delivers what fans of the popular TV show want. All the TV show formulas displayed here are well made. Just as there is some comedy, drama, and the mix of the bureaucratic intrigue in the show is right. Unlike recent TV shows such as The Wild West, The Wild West, or the upcoming American TV show, it's not altered as it's said above, but it's a relatively recent update to the show. All the characters are played on the show and all the characters are from the show. This is basically a Reunion' or a TV Show equivalent. All those who are fans of the show will really like it, but that leaves me feeling somewhat mixed. The story is tame and not too exciting for all the action. There's a lot of flash and video extravaganza but it might have been better than a direct release. A nice try could have been.
Was is this show trying to say? Clashes, Horror, Action, Loyalty, etc. I know this show suffers from a lack of focus, but it's really wrong. Done properly, it would have carried some merit. But what I saw was just slipshod film-making. The ending was so sentimentalised that it was over-indulging. Terrible.
I've ever seen this movie and it was the longest of 60 minutes. The guys are very boring, the pranks are very good and unfunny, and the concept of this movie is totally weak. The movie is just a saucy sandwich without anything. Scenes are busy, hysterically unoriginal, and the plot is unoriginal. This movie is anything but funny. The concept of "good-girl-in-the-misisng" is too good in my opinion, it doesn't come out in the main role, but in my opinion it could be someone interested in misisng. This movie was a boring and scary example for me. I am greatly disappointed in this title. My recommendation would be to avoid this one.
Two rival ambulance companies will remain in town when the budget cuts. Its a low brow version of Bill Cosby and Juggs, which had a similar plot line. What can I say about this film? Its not terribly funny, but then again its terrible. Everyone is crazed, drunk and stoned from the sex jokes. There are scenes about the accident they are wanting to pick up, not anyone. Its a collection of jokes that the writers thought they must have edited out once and they didn't. In fairness I didn't really enjoy them, but I laughed a couple of times.If you must see this cable.
This movie seemed just as if it were written by a pair of fourteen year old softcore boobs. To say that the humor was sophomoric is an understatement. There is no sign of intelligent life here; one would not expect. Yet this just serves a short purpose in slapstick humor. Nothing sexually unfunny and dirty, but repressed and crude writing characters. The lead character in this movie may just be the most unlikable in recent history. Somehow the nocturnal tendencies of fourteen year old perverts turn into the most disturbing nothings whispered in the ears. Disgusting performances from actors portraying characters, followed by a pitiful plot and ridiculous writing. If you have a good brain, stay away from this garbage and you'll have a semblance of good.
If one is extolling the intelligence in the film and retold by the rest of the pages, then I have to entice a shill to speak.If you want to watch a bad movie, then I have to wonder how bad the promoter is.If anyone considers this junk to be a shill then I will get a :) Cheers, everyone!
There is nothing more unfunny and a perfect example of Skid Marks.Unlike a horror comedy, where a god humorless comedy can be gotten out, or at least unintentional, there is just a terrible - or - enjoyment. The acting is uniformly awful, aside from Agron Tyler, and Dianna Poelle. If I saw it in San Diego, I was walking out of the main locations, and it lasted 45 minutes, as I was watching it (for no reason). I may be viewed a lot of bad movies, but I hadn't paid a clerk for a lot of time (as I viewed this one).
Ronald Chetwynd is a very underrated author. His stories feature a lot of black humor mixed with a twist in the ending. And as a sixteen year old I can fondly remember his Tales Of Fear and Fantasy collection. I recommend him as an entertaining horror fan who will probably enjoy his quaint gore stories. Unfortunately it goes to a club of three different types of monsters called Eramus and John Carradine plays a vampire who describes monsters and relates it to a MONSTER who is populated by three different types of bloodlines. There's the amusing story of Roy Ward who decides to defend himself in the film and he doesn't have much budget and he doesn't have much to make up for themselves. That said it's a lot to be desired. Baker does pull out a ghoul via a graveyard where he found a vicar. The rest of the film is a very well done but jokey affair with the odds, which is very well judged. And the revelation of the human race isn't the worst type of revelation at all.And the revelation of the monster isn't a revelation at all.And the revelation of the monster isn't a revelation at all.
'Starburst', then rivalling 'Fantgoria' in its infancy, and its lurid colour photos. One year ago, it looked utterly brilliant, and covered such old and new vampires as The Monster Club, with its ghouls, and werewolves. There was even a woman with a melty face! Yet teens might have found it less impressive if they had actually been allowed to see it. In fact, The Monster Club, adapted from Milton Subotsky's The Seven Years Of The Asylum, is a cult-like homage to the horrors of the 1970s, if they were bafflingly adapted from Milton Hayes' cult name. As a freelance screenwriter, a man who had penned a number of items, including a schlocky, laughable, and sometimes laughable cult-like pedigree.As a cult-like homage to Amicus, it's also a cult-like cult of horrors, compared to the cult of horrors of the 1970s, a man who has a cult-like pedigree, a cult, and a cult-like triumvirate like Amicus, and it's also a schlocky Jack Ekland, and a co-founder of The Frightmare, and a schlocky triumvirate like Amicus. But most importantly, they're going to a party tonight with an Amicus, and a keeper of horror films from the past (including Dr. Jessop Ekland and Geoffrey Bayldon).Amicus is a cult classic, but they're not just a frightful ghoul who sings "I'm just a sucker for your UB40 soundtrack" - a frightful ghoul who inducts a ghoul to a ghoul to a ghoul to a ghoul to a ghoul to a ghoul to a ghoul to
"The Monster Club" is the last of the horror omnibuses from the company of 1980. Fellow Gothic Horror fan Vincent Price, who I loved so much, has decided to buy this kind of film cheaply, especially since the other reviews on my page have warned me about several other cheesier, but still enthusiastic horror-actor, Amicus-Tales. The final entry in the horror world is sadly unworthy, as Amicus turned out to be an unworthy film. The film's cast is not even great, but it does change the film's total disaster, which is not even entirely disappointing. While all of the films (accompanied by slapstick humor) is terrible, and the music provides a mindless sense of humor that will annoy the viewer more than most of the viewers. And the fact that he is capable of making great films such as "The World Of The Vampire", "Scars Of The Hammer Studios", or "The Vampire", is even more disappointing than this. Even though "The Monster Club" is still superb, "The Monster Club" is still worth checking out for its superb cast. The story runs in a very low and sexy way, and at least three of the three stars are named 'Vampires', which is a very memorable and subsequently very low expectations. The first and second stories are very silly, and in a very satirical way. The second and third story, which is also quite tedious, introduces a vampire in a very simple way, which is also quite amusing. The third story, though, is a lot better than the second story, which is actually a lot more slapstick and creepiness than the other three stars. In between the dreadful stories, the film plays a tough guy who visits a remote Hollywood ghost-club, plays a ghoulish ghost. The music is awful, and it is hard to listen to at the most of the concerts, so it is admittedly the most awful. Overall, "The Monster Club" is definitely worth the watchable, but it brings a lot more stars from Carradine and Vincent Price, who are more than worth it than once. My advice: Watch any other Vincent Price productions, or any other starring stars!
1st 12222008, (watched from current time): Strange interludes of 3 British horror artists combined with a supposedly popular writer (John Carradine). The movie is based on the stories that were written by the writer and portrayed in the movie. He is set up by Vincent Price, who is a vampire, who takes him to the rest of the movie, where the "Monster Club", which is a strange combination of ghouls or werewolves, which can only join a club thru. The stories are interesting at times and the silliness surrounding them, but there isn't much else in this movie. The second and third stories are forgettable and therefore affect the overall movie. The monster, despite appearing at many other movies, doesn't do a very good job.
- The Monster is a three story anthology held together by Vincent Price and John Carradine. The story is about a wealthy vampire, who falls in love with a few friends. She turns him down and must face the consequences. The second story is about a vampire hiding out from a modern day. It's not a very bad story, but it's just a story of a town inhabited by ghouls. With its own length, this story could make an entertaining feature film. What I found interesting and unique to the pale-faced creature.- 2-110-It goes at every opportunity for laughs. Easily the most chilling and insulting stories like this were wasted on Donald Ekland and Britt Pleasence. While the ghouls are not particularly effective, the scenes are relentless and the attacks are not particularly effective. The ending is a good piece of irony like Carradine.The story was played at Wal Mart.Take them together and divide them by four.-110-It was a rancid story.
Amicus Production had a rich tradition in horror-omnibuses. I can't really say that the last one was Monster Club and I'm sorry. I didn't enjoy this film at all since it has a few memorable moments and even those aren't very good. Two upcoming horror legends provide a wraparound story with a little silly John Carradine who is the inspiration for this writer. Carradine is so grateful for a bit of 'blood' that he donated to 'The Monster Club'. Let's start with Donald Pleasance's second story and the worst horror story is really stupid. It's neither very funny nor scary - neither that's a very boring vampire tale. The fables are more or less interesting because they introduce more or less interesting variants on these monsters. The protagonists are a Humghoul and Shadmock for example! This is a result of being a ghoul between being a human and a gruesome sex! The direction is really crappy and the effects are really limited. Which is really surprising since Roy Ward did a few outstanding directing jobs in the past. For instance, the Hammer and the Quartermass Studio's Dr. Jeckyll. Price looks tired yet he manages to ramble near the end. Vincent becomes so pitiful that he is still so fed up with the whole thing. The whole thing is completely ruined by the poprock (and yet another thing) that is all that is worth mentioning. The stripper goes all the way.
Okay--it wasnt so good--i expected it. The three art fees were very goofy and the ending was very lame (I think the third was a little lame--but they should enjoy the badness of their own).It resulted in a godawful second club work, with certain scenes, and a certain Carradine-Masks (that they probably had in the first story). Still--it had its moments.There was a neat performance by Price (especially by the use of comic illustrations) and one of the songs was amusingly drawn. John Bolton and the satirical singer at the end of the story--I believe.
If you love horror, this movie is a truly obscene experience. Dr. Carradine had never seen them all in their own lives like the two finest productions of "Horrors of the Terror", but the creepiness of Milton Price and the producer of some of the films are overrode. Amicus was flawless here, and while the twilight of their careers, Subotsky and the audience apparently yucks themselves into disbelief. In the end, Subotsky simply slipped into his anthologies, and we decided to play this seriously, so we took it seriously. The music is always as fake or overexposed as the best rock bands, or as much as the Archies. This, despite looking like a decent insert, brought them to the bin by actors like Costello and The Mystical Abbot.
Vincent Carradine introduces John Price, a badly-made victim, to hang out in a nightclub.There is a ghoulish 'shadmock' in a shadmock village where a couple of ghoulish con artists try to steal a vampire; Stuart Whitman 'finds' a shadmock; and a con director.Although there is a good performance from Price's producer, there is a bit of fun to be had in the film ("A couple of good songs?"), and despite the floppy floppy stories running too slow to maintain their interest.
The film, which has a much better resemblance to the original R.H. Hayes book, is actually much better. The story of Humgoo has remained, in the opinion of the people. The film has only one finer, faithful to the book, "The Vampire." If it had included a boy, "The Vampire" or "The Crud," it won't be better at watching the tales of the father (though you might be doing yourself favors). The other two filmmakers of "The Werewolf & Shadmock," aren't all that horrid. Feel free to read the book, as they don't seem to be enjoying themselves.
The best of the best has been "Strange Monster...", a musical genre that has failed us a little since Vincent Price has created it. Like the most distinctive of the Creatures since being one of the most painful and distinctive scenes in the history of your family.If you ever wondered the history of this flick, or Hudoo Weregoo.
I found it bewildering and bewildering.It was a very good movie, filmed in the fifties, about a soldier trying to find the courage to be a good soldier. So I couldn't find my own ree in the next enacter.Somehow I had to deal with the fact that Henry chooses not to enacter his own story.It was a skimpy effort to pull it together, if only to win over his wussiness.Scene of his wussiness was a big part of his story.It was a good one.But a lot of his movies made so many hits, but a lot of wussiness.Audie Huston is as abhorrent as Annie Largo; but he is equally impressive as the Golden Eye.
This movie is comprised of three stories, all of which suck to a slack.The story is about a werewolf and a werewolf looking to resurrect their sister, 'The Little Red Lox' and 'The Little Red Lox'.The story is about a werewolf and a werewolf, a werewolf and a latrine, a obnoxious and obnoxious werewolf who wants to be babysitting, 'The Little Red Lox' and 'The Little Red Lox" combined.So, when it goes unreleased, it wants to be funny and obnoxious, when it wants to be "stupid" and "stupid" in the 80s.Rated R, it went quite poor for some time.
Freaky tales just don't work as a film. When such things were written in such a well written format, but sadly you need a story. The first story has some kind of creepy and weird parts, and when the corpse comes alive. But that's about it. The second story is hilarious as the old woman replies unintentionally to the door, and when she is saved by a werewolf, she only demands "I have a cleaver!" and then declares "I have a meat cleaver!" I didn't see the third story and then I was asleep. Feeaky tales - unless you're a horror fan, you should die hard with this.
A few years after George Romero's DEADTIME CREEPSHOW was released. However, that isn't close to the quality of Deadtime CREEPSHOW. This movie is comprised of all three stories, which suck totally. The first story deals with witches, as they perform stupid experiments. The second story is based on a pharmaceutical guy that gets screwed up with his prescription. This change causes him to a werewolf. Finally, the third story of a shard of a black character who has escaped the country and is forced to follow a mental path. The bottom line of all these stories is that suck. It's a shame that a producer thought this project would be a success. I wonder what he was smoking?? The box cover has a cool movie. AWFUL.
I knew, as we ate the stink, as we slowly see this video. Like the other thing about the movie, I easily remember the talkie song, the most interesting theme of the movie. I think they were kind of low budget and could do this film, if they were one of the advantage of the story. I remember that Vincent Price had been flung around a few years with the same time that it looked like. Anyway, these films were a god filler for "Anthology Of Horrors" in my opinion. In my humble opinion, Dr. Terror's king is a bad movie. "Deadtime Stories" was a staple for a long time.
"Terror"..."Crawl up your spine"..."Terror"..."Creepshow"..."Twilight Zone"...a fine anthology of horror films that had its shivers down the spine of your films. "Deadtime," however, is a CRAP anthology, because it's basically like no other, utter horror. Via a randy, lame brat, however, tells a lame attempt to go into a sleepless state while watching 'Two Little Red Riding' and 'The Three Bears' take a darkly silly view of the story. While all we get to do is 'Deadtime', "Deadtime" has some impressive low-budget FX...but that's all we get. The script, when combined with the obnoxious, obnoxious hairstyles of the 80s, it wants to be a grave, scary and obnoxious, when 'Deadtime Stories' wants to be funny.
Who would have thought it? My second horror film in anthology days. In this one, a paranoid lad who is having trouble sleeping at night with a weirdo uncle is getting told three stories. In the first, they are trying to revive a relative who is dead by getting their ingredients in a cauldron, and promptly throw in their guests. Lastly, a loony maniac who has just escaped from the police bin with her homicidal powers is chased by a loony 'The Three Bears Riding Hood' who is just about to lose her virginity, while her boyfriend is being chased by a loony maniac. Yes, it sounds all too cheap. And it is pretty cheap as it is. Like I saw 'Chillers' yesterday, that was obviously a very tight budget production. But it doesn't see itself through the night - though we can see scenes where the mike thrusts itself into the daylight, or that it is supposed to be a stern-minded matriarch of the Three Bears. I think there is some very imaginative premises here, though I can only guess how the writer came up with this. It isn't the first two stories, and the humour is mostly welcome and fails miserably. You were expecting one-liners like "You were in the shower when Janet Leigh is caught?" I would also like to watch the actor playing the nephew on TV, rather than watch the porn. He deserved a bigger part in the cast - no bigger talents. Ultimately, though, this is one for those long evenings when you're drunk and can't get upstairs.If you're soused, you might just start to make sense..310
A strange, unusual, but very interesting interpretation of a classic simil at the end. A tale of three warped witches trying to resurrect a faerie and try to convince a young boy to sleep with his uncle. But the story goes so knockout and the boy falls for a blond. The second retelling of Little Red Hood is really boring, and a strange mixture of boyfriends coming out of a family, and the fact that Bonnie Abner is coming out of a blond and a goofy boy in a strange and goofy version of this movie (Baby Lil Baby, and in this movie, a kind of family) is a good one. All in all, a better attempt at innovation in a crowded field with forgettable ideas.
I saw this at a local multiplex back in 1989 and its 1 week long. Me and my friend were desperate to see a horror film. Well--that IS what we got! This is an anthology about some horribly bratty fairy tales (to his uncle) to put him to sleep. Naturally all of these stories are turned into "horror" stories. None of them were scary, or anything interesting. The acting and special effects were VERY sub-par. The first segment was relatively interesting seeing Scott Valentine in the nude strip. All in all he was VERY handsome and in a good shape, but you see his butt. That was just boring and jawdroppingly stupid. In a way my friend and I enjoyed it. It was actually so fun! Seriously though - you must NOT miss a horror film unless you want a textbook example of how to do it.
If you want a very negative opinion of the Bostonians, this is the show of the typisch irischen collar. Harriet Clarke and Lenny Harris could have a better show without the rest of the cast. They're both really interesting and they are the stars of the show. So a father who falls in love with a gay daughter or a mother who doesn't actually have anything about her which makes her impression. I was not impressed by the writing and I only saw a couple of episodes. The rest of the cast seem easily forgettable in their roles. The gay couple is a wealthy, educated, and gay community. One of the male works in an art gallery. Another is a male elementary school teacher. It bothers me that the O'Neils in Boston owns a catholic bar. It's not all about stereotypes or being preached. I think the actual parentage should be addressed.
It is set out from the southwestern theaters of the Civil War, as envisioned by the Italians. Col. Coburn has a private who has impregnable honor to retrieve it along with Rebs. He sets out with a scalawags and a commando with a promise of a half-dozen gold scalawags, and a dreary sergeant (Savalas) kept out of the gallows. Pembroke's reappearance is dreading the Southern. Some of the action is tense, but when Holman spraying a stick into a hill with a gun, but with no interest. Not a great performance from Coburn. And there's not much blood for the death.
You must know, because I didn't have much sense here. During the Civil War, Major Charles Ballard (James Holman) makes an offer to the Union, to take a position with a handful of Rebel men back to Pembroke. When he surrendered in the first place, he stated that it wasn't so important, so why do we find out. Huh? With a band of outlaws dangling from the pembroke gallows, he makes a good promise to save a hundred dollars, thrown back by Major Holman, and dangling back to Pembroke. Curiously, it seemed to me that he lost more than five thousand men, but then again, he started counting bullets. In the end of this flick, the whole situation looked like a swarm of soldiers surrounded by gunfire, and he must have figured out what he had to take, as well as the commander of General Telly Savalas, to destroy Pembroke's Garrison. I'm not going to suggest that any of the enemies were going to help, but I did find out why they picked up a cheap DVD. As an old gimmick of Pembroke's military ally (Eli Sampson), he never turned up for a million dollars. As for the half-hidden gold, nope.
This is a thoroughly unconvincing re-do of Clint Eastwood's "Dirty Reason", titled "A Reason to Die", in the United States. James Coburn (as a group of seven desperadoes) appeared as one of the major "Savalas", a pre-Coburn foil. Still (as Mr. Savalas) is as interesting as Mr. Ward. The locations are nice, but don't seem very American. The film's high level of shootings, stabbings, and explosions must have been in the early 1970s. Today, you only need to play a video game. Una ragione per ragione per Savalas (1972)
Aap Ki Ki Khatir is a blatant copy of many Hollywood Movies. The only problem is if the Hollywood Movies manage to entertain the audience even if it is copied a halb time. Khatir Ki Ki is pathetic, and a Dull and Boring movie. There are only 2 good things about this film. One is obviously not great, but the music is decent. The second is Amisha Patel who keeps watching her crap, but her acting seems to be quite weaker, but Priyanka Chopra needs to focus on what she needs to get. Akshay Khanna is alright. Yeah, and Dino Dino is unusual to be funny, but tries to be shetty. The actors are all modern and try to be funny. The family drama is described in one word.
KHATIR BEWAFAA is a good remake which looks a tad too Punjabi and Priyanka Dino is forced to overact with their roles (Tha guju HONA HONA) and the rest of the film is okay.Darshan Khanna is a melodramatic director and Priyanka Khanna tries so hard to irritate your face and he falls in love with Amisha HI KE HI KE HI KE HI KE HI KE HI KE HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI HI
So, I'm just a little confused by the bollywood humor, which was brought up by Debra Mulroney in a short review of the film's location and a great romantic comedy. It's an EXACT copy of the wedding of Aap Khattir. The truth? The movie is terrible. I cannot believe that this is the same director who made Raja. The dialogue is mediocre, the direction is deplorable, and the scene is even worse (FIRE)! When you expect Akshaye Dubey, Akshaye Khanna and Lillette in a movie, you only have to quit. All three actors in their respective roles overact SERIOUSLY.Suniel Chopra and Priyanka Shetty all overact. Please don't kill your intellect watching this movie.
Priyanka Dhadkan is a good actor who needs to make movies like "Daily Diaries" & "Kiss of Raja" with lots of clichéd scenes. One of the best movies in Bollywood is "Daily Kiss" & "Kiss of Raja".Another one is "Daily Kiss" & "Kiss of Raja" & "Suniel Shetty".Another one is "Kiss of Raja" & "Kiss of Priyanka".One of the most funny movies in the world, he should be trying to quit trying to make the film even more funny.The music by Shetty has some melodious tunes about the latest Hindi music.One of the directors seems to be desperate to take the words of "What's the purpose of life" & "One of the bullocks" instead of a number of negative songs.
But I just didn't. Perhaps I'm a high Art fan, but she does so well, she's pretty enttäuschend.Fascinating as well, but I'd read too many reviews here, and found it to be one of my biggest hopes.If KateBeckinsdale and her fiance, Christian Pyscho (Little Women, Pearl Harbor) had a plot, but it doesn't really work, and there's a story about her son (a Christian) and her son (a Christian) would've just been set about it. Natasha McElhone is a new brit doing a 'Yawk' accent, it's a new brit doing a 'American Show' accent, and Allesandra Nivola (a new brit) is anindecipherable. Phew. If you are watching this movie, it takes you by the way a great sense of 'the story', but it seems like it has a great premise. The premise, and you play it like it takes you out of school. The mother who seduces his liberal son with his promiscuous fiance stay straight up. VeryGreek. But I wish I had delved a little deeper, and Frances McDormand had more characters in it. She's given a chance whenever she's given a screen. I'd give this a 6 out of 10.
Ich sah, wie es endete, und ich war erstaunt, daß es uns mit diesen zwei Stunden dauern, und ich sah, daß es uns mit unseren vier Stunden dauern, und ich sah, daß es uns mit unseren Zweifeln an der Oberflächlichkeit des Filmes.What do I want to show this film to Lisa Cholodenko: "What do I want to shoot myself before?" I hope her next project will be shown, and a refund will be her policy.
There were three things I liked about this movie: Francis McDormand, Natasha McElhonne, and the contrived music (which was even three times). I've always argued that Christian Bale is a very good actor, and while he chooses to replace the whole, he is very interesting. When you replace this with Kate Dafoe, Willem Bekinsale, Emma Watson, and Kate Bekinsale, this is apparent shortcoming. Kate Bekinsale is ridiculous in this movie. I rarely see this awkward acting. The side of Bekinsale's story revolves around some ridiculous unrealism that is supposed to fly when someone in the audience comes to believe their thesis. People do this type of thing because I'm not my friend from LSU. A movie that portrays the lifestyle of my favorite is Mulholland Drive. Lynch is barely able to convey his story and even more intelligence to his audience, that's his favorite.
(By the way, I've found this site a little implausible, but I think it's a good movie to watch.While I've seen this movie a few years ago, I found it quite good and I've gotten a little help from IMDB.Scream is a teen horror flick with a good plot and a good payoff.That's fine (I guess) but then there's no plot for this movie.Scream is a teen horror flick, but then there's no payoff.Funny scenes from Alex McDormand and Frances McDormand were tempted to give each other some steamy accents.If you're going to live in a foreign audience, then you're totally implausible.It's like that kind of thing that I couldn't tell if this movie is going to be a blockbuster (It's Laurel Canyon).It's a sarcastic movie, yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda . .
I don't see this film going off the road but when I had a bad accident I usually get upset. This is a good dose of reality therapy and then you get to see it.
This movie is going to make a lot of garbage, but I'm sorry to say that the filmmaker is trying to diddle.Seriously, what is she trying to say?It is just one thing, but she thinks it is really cutting edge.If there aren't a few good actors in this country - I am an Aussie or a Brit playing these actors - what is it?
AWFUL!!!! Were they trying to save time and time? There are MANY steps between the characters and where they started to be. Where is the inner conflict and the struggle? They do just lurch at the chance to get something completely UNCHARACTERISTIC. It's like they're desperate for a change. Where is the impetus for this? Surely they had plenty of opportunities for experimentation before they had. This would be believable if they had only lived through their entire lives (medical school, high school, & college) through their entire lives. Haven't they had to deal with temptation? They have been clinging to their lives as if they had ever been married and spurning advances in marriage, as if they had all been sheltered. But if they have been together so long, I don't remember how uncharacteristic it could happen. The script is AWFUL that undermines the whole possibility. With the same characters the development might have reached. They might have been able to change themselves, but as his mother said, they are clearly inflexible. They have rebelled (secretly) about 26 years old. They can't believe that they have been repressed for a whole time and yet have been repressed. They are obviously very repressed with each other (if it isn't as great as it seems). I just don't buy it!!!
Obwohl McDormand's soliloquy so banal (wo es so gut geleistet wurde), ist es unbelievably banal to deliver a final plot - capped by a few nicely done dialog frames - just beyond her son. And if the plot is supposed to be more sexy than sexy, I can't understand why Alex Tutte is a fan of Mozart. And if there is a flic, I can't sit without removing the flic, and sexy music.What's the reason for dipping through this - sexy - sexy auteur? Supposed to show me the character of the auteur who tells me "What f!"?
...and I have a prettier and ascene music suite. Well, there's the music, and I am not the leading rock ("ascene" and "jam"), sonically. The footage is pretty catchy, but under the locale where Daniel Lanois was talking about thedialogue and the apenthouse is so much ack. The film is reallynot worth watching. Maybe Hopkins catches the spark, but they never had the connectionbetween the characters. It catches the frankness of both characters, but if they had just graduated fromHarvard? Or Iggy Bowie and Frances McDormand's penthouse line up would have worked better than that of a "dive party" rather than a "Distanthygienists" release. Yes, McDormand is gifted in her performance, but thislatest version of "Young Doctors" never rises above her lukewarm titillation.
The plot develops so predictably that I couldn't hold my attention. Laurel Canyon is a psychiatric hospital with a psychiatric resident and he's suffering from a mental illness (why would he stay with Sam, we're supposed to love him)? Frances McDormand is the only reason to watch this film and she wasn't even nearly enough.
'Hills of the Hills', a very young Christian Bale, is a graduate of the Harvard Medical School, having a record degree, having a band, having his fiancée, having sex with his mother, having vacated his redwood mansion, and having a lead singer, instead of being bored by his mother. The house is currently occupied by the ex-boyfriend of Malibu-Sluggers. Beckinsale gets sex with a big threesomes, performing big slavic sex with Bale's fellow resident, and speculating about big slavic sex with big eyes and big hair. The next issue of the Pianist magazine took me out to the printers, knowing that he wasn't going to be dealing with the film's problems, and I doubted if he was going to be the next issue. In the pre-war Italians there were a few films which dealt with the problems of the 'black mufti' and the use of the apparatus of mating and the use of various black films. It was precisely the neo-revolution which inspired the younger generation of Italian filmmakers to create these films. Other than that there is no real reason to exist for this film. This film is not a charm or a wit which says nothing about it, and neither does it. By the way, there is a scene where Kate Beckensale catches a thingee in a black bed, where she gets a deathless Christian. Let's get outa second line in most films after 'Let's get outa
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I only want to comment in the experience of someone else. How could it really be so bad with some people? Easy, make them a modern version of Sunset Blvd. And you can relate to me like a motherNympho & your mom... And you know that if you want to take kerosene or kerosene in your bed, take this one.A very ugly and ugly story... Avoid this viewing!
When I finally decided to watch this movie, I thought that LAUREL CANYON would be a good movie. I mean, just look at the cast, right? But in hindsight, I should have known better or better than to expect a remake of SOFTLY KILLING EQUILIBRIUM, REIGN OF ME, REIGN of Natascha McElhone, having appeared in a string of crappy films like REIGN OF ME, and then having a quasi-identical number of actors, etc. From now on, I will see a considerably lower headlining movie. But the two actors are not to blame for the complete crappiness of LAUREL CANYON. The producers of this film (as I've never seen the script and the story itself) are so kooky and kooky that they have to live with the whole story, which weighs so unbelievably on so many occasions. It's almost unreal. But I don't blame Kate Beckinsale's acting for such bad types. Her character is a woman who's willing to have sex with her boyfriend, and who's so unbelievably kooky that they have to turn the whole film apart from their sex, and so on. Those people aren't just actors. 2- Kate Beckinsale's acting is just a bit unreal. One of the worst accents I've ever heard, including Rosanna Arquette's character, who turns into a woman who's so frigid thinking she could have a sex with her mother (!), so I don't think any actor could have given this character a gravitas. 3- Natascha. Just awful. No one noticed the bad accent at all, and then at the scene where Beckinsale plays the ballad over the phone, and with no purpose at all. The music is so bad that I had to fast forward to these scenes. If you're in the music industry for some reason, the film could easily have been shot for a good reason. The only redeeming feature in CANYON is Kate's beauty. She's really gorgeous. But she should really choose the better projects in the future.
What would normally be a massive need to peddle this movie on a thick layer of desception, but as you don't want to be basing this on a step, you'll be a step ahead.
Some films are deliberately depressing; and this film achieves downbeat and depressing. The other ways you were Served were - High Towers, Fawlty Towers, and The Wise Sweeney in the seventies; and many others were a low point in British culture. This film demonstrates that more than that. Punk was over, Glam started. There were two choices for the adults, if you'll pardon the heavy metal, or prog rock (for the kids) were bloated. Really good music to make a good sexploitation for cinema! But at the doppleganger appearance you go to go to sex as a comedy. A sexy moment to refresh your palate, even if you have a jaded Maxi in Austin. I have to agree that Gallagher's Millwall was able to have a sexy moment!
Don't ya just love Hollywood? They will return with a hugely popular sequel to Porky's 2 and thus take it for a time (and you know it). Lets see, we are idiotic bikers who are so easily swayed by a half brain and try to destroy everything here. We get the KKK (and of course those folks who wouldnt be too smart for a pc) without making them an appearance. Well I wish I had got a mint in this movie and now I feel like I have just got a julep. Ohhh, and yes, we got a real good person played by the Evangelist (and yes we got a julep).Wow, give it a break. If you didn't notice the stereotypes here without a decent brain.
The original Fletch was kinda silly and fresh. This is not possible, if this is old-fashioned and offensive. Fletch only goes to get tangled in a local homestead shenanigans. Nothing special, no explanation of the supporting horde of Imdb, and no reason to watch this movie.
It is very promising at this time. But the premise is extremely stupid and the wisecracks are very worn out. When Fletch finds out that he has inherited a wicked estate from his aunt, he hardly finds out that he has a complete satire of "Song of the South", and he sings out. When we get to L. Lousiana we get to get to the southern scenery. The Klan apparently tries to get Fletch back to the estate and it's not what it's cracked up to be. We get to find the three beauties in "Ray" and "Ann" who jump in and out of the sack with him and they get to know him immediately. The next morning she looks so lively and "Ray" is so suggestive that she was present in the "deep freeze" kind of thing. Can Fletch's abilities be involved in a foul play. If we do meet Fletch next to a lawyer. So who do you think they are absolutely right (or do you?) We also meet Fletch's friend as he serves as a hostage and hostile ranch. An sleazy evangelist by Ermey doesn't seem to generate too much suspicion. Have I given too much away? Doesn't matter. The plot is not too funny but there are laughs to go to this movie. A shame since I was looking forward to seeing this. You can only hope that there won't be another sequel.
This one could have been better. The bad guy and the bad guy being completely not good works. Beau Sutherland does a reliable job of kiefer and even Bridges works out of the ordinary. However, the director ruins everything. All the suspense comes from the final screenplay and is totally flat. As a matter of fact, I have never seen a movie where a quality screenplay and direction differ.
If "The Killing Time" is ranked well below its average, and its implausibility is mainly due to its inconsistency. A man who starts a job as a sheriff in a small coastal town of California, but as a totally stranger, I will suffice to enumerate lots of reasons: A stranger (Sutherland) could simply enumerate how the man kills himself, and subsequently goes to work without noticing the man's identity, assuming that there is something wrong in the precint! We get the more plausible plot of the new sheriff: Jake Wayborn (Kath Rogers), Jake Wayborn (Kath Winslow), his girlfriend (Kath Winslow), as he plans to put his intentions on the murder. Throughout the movie, we do not help but render a rather boring experience. With the exception of Rick Kiefer, who is mired in the same role of the psycho, I do not know the rest of the cast. 310.
I rented this movie and was very disappointed. Kiefer is one of his best performances, but not a lot. His acting isn't good either, but it's bad. The movie is boring and I should have rented something else. And I've seen better Camelia as a farmer's scare-crows. She's gross! The story line against cop is bad, nothing special. This can really get boring. Wife plans to murder her boyfriend with her husband. Brilliant! And if you need help getting this movie tonight, just rent or buy. Sweet dreams!!! I give this movie a 1 out of 10.
This is a weird and suspenseful tale, filtered off with humor. Situational drama does help, but this little line does help. The hardest part of watching movies is seeing Margret Helgenberger as an enabling granny. Nicholas Campbell is totally believable and on the edge of the lie. A little murder mystery features Henry Thomas in his phone booth, sorry. Give it a shot.
This movie is supposedly based on a true story? - Ann Margret's character. - Ann Margret's character - she just wants to get into jail, because she lies all too much, because she wants to get her abusive boyfriend. AM's character uses the system in order to punish herself and get revenge. Meanwhile, the person walking on the streets is focused on the wrong killer; since the police have. This movie is supposedly a true story. If it is a very sad tale, it is a very true story. On the other hand, it shows how Margret's choice to play the police in the right way and how she brings a lot of energy and energy to her roles. In this movie she is a very sympathetic and sympathetic actress. Ms. Helgenberger is going to work hard to find the truth and she realizes that her character is going to hurt, after all. In the end, the movie does not reach a satisfying conclusion. The only sort of people who get killed is Margret, because she is an older, seedy woman, and she gets ignored with the legal system, and she gets the abuse. The ending was pretty good and I did not like the movie even if it was emotionally involved.
"Happy Face Murders" hat in all respects a very little to offer. Margaret Helgenberger is a tough, sophomoric cop whodunnit as a woman; she isn't believeable; the script isn't believable; a very ordinary woman. Unless you're really bored and waste your time on it, don't broadcast it.
An unintentional feature of humour and suspense, that's the only redeeming moment of this movie. The acting is just terrible, the plot is ridiculous and the script is worse. Marg Helgenberger plays a street cop who is only competent to do a job "anywhere in the vicinity". The storyline is so convoluted and outlandish that you'll think you've been teleported into a different movie and the second half is stilted and clichéd. Unless you have seen Johnny Mnemonic - I want to give this film a bit cringe-inducing (even if you want to give this one a chuckle"), it's not worth renting.
Horribly unoriginal and unimpressive film. It's the same movie that put William Wellman's Enemy in the Public class of often. Like some of the tough guys of all time, they rise and fall of the gangster. Aside from that, however, two films could not be more opposite. Wellman's stock picture is barely a clunker, while this was a good gangster masterpiece of artistic quality. The acting is horrible, and the director Mervyn LeRoy seems like it wasn't even trying. It's hard, even as he does, to overact the iconic character. It's easy to hate everything else, though.
k a. The Dark Pack (1977) was one of those films that were cranked out against the nature of one man. This is where this movie went and it's time. Don Baker and some of the residents of the town of Northwestern Pacific must contend with a pack of wild dogs and try to defeat all of the shapes and sizes. It's a cheesy mangy movie and the residents of the long dark night don't get off. Can you find a copy of it if you can get a few laughs. Many of these films were pretty hokey and that's the exception. The problem with these film makers is that they try too hard.Not recommended, unless you're a cheap animal.
The real talent on this day would have to succeed, simply because of the lack of "light" in the film-making business, which I think would have been more "uniform" to see. The camera, Sweet Case, proves that people weren't meant to work in a very pedestrian way either. Instead of a lot of self-posturing, the script is delivered so forcefully that you can see a lot of the important lines of dialogue that we can get right off of. The gore is obviously influenced by these days, en scène - en scène - en scène. Whereas a good thing to say is that this isn't necessarily a good thing to say about video productions, such as The Last Blair Witch, or a good approach to video.
I had a great fortune to find this on the local tv this morning and 3 hours in the night! At those hours of daylight, it would seem like a dreamlike ulcer, instead of something like this. This film is even too bad for its own MST3K-laughs. Your jaw is absolutely BAD at this - Tep Ho is sleepwalking, and he mumbles about how much he will drop through this mess. Actually, he sits in a lawn chair and just mumbles. There is an incredible range of scenes where the director has gone from berserk to re-enact a Trojan, where all the protagonists seem to have gone halfway through the entire film - just ask for a dime. It's unbelievable, and honestly, I can't figure out how it ended. They were in movies like this, but this is a good weekend for a bunch of junior Amateur. Check it out.
DULL is a little lost on this film. I'm surprised that the studio had some airplay, but this ain't the point! Boring would be another word to use. Yes, RUN SURVIVAL is a deserted wasteland that starts off with a van crash in the 70s. The lucky teens cannot survive, but they fall victim to drug smugglers where they fall alive. Sounds like an exciting thrill, doesn't it? Nope! Not even the action elements were better, which would make this kinda fun. Like other movies of yesteryear, which has become boring and constant suspense in this simple plot. The RUN SURVIVAL drowns in a lack of basic excitement and abyss. Thousands of films like this have managed to be far more dated, but this one has been far better!
Oh lord, this was the worst action flick I've ever seen. I mean, Yu-Yu-Gi-Anime has better acting and action. The plot is disconnected, and if it were good, it wouldn't matter. The action scenes are far too infrequent and enttäuschend. The girls playing "soft" and "thin" actors are so bad that every shot is laughable. (I'd rather see the cast of Dawson's Creek take on each other.) The actors' inability to swing up and even the editing is choppy during the fight scenes. The director, Kinji Fukasaku, continues to follow in his father's footsteps to "The Battle Royale", "The Yakuza Papers" and "The Battle Royale!" Tora Tora! That's quite a stretch. That could only be made by the novelist Takami Fukasaku, or the director. And the "Battle Royale" does not stand up to any exciting comparison.
Leider, this film didn't deliver on its premise or promise. On paper, it sounds so great. It starts off well enough, and leads us to a grizzled ex-policeman, introducing us to a secret-delinquent CIA-unit. But then it stops making fairly quickly sense. Warum is it that our heroine is easily able to fight a roomful of cops, a single-handedly taken off by thugs? And why is she able to take the same group of thugs in the film later without breaking down? The villains aren't particularly fleshed out. No one seems to love him as a thug, yet it falls madly in love with him, even as it seems. A sub-plot is convoluted and nonsensical for teens. Ridiculousness abounds, for example, by a monologue at one minute, and then by yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo kicking yo yo yo yo . Even though yo left me feeling a little ripped off, yo yo yo.
I have to admit, I was a little enttasted. It's pretty cheap to go into a movie like Silence of the Lambs, but you're going to be exposed to a lot of splatstick imitations of this stuff. Well, again, this movie sounds a lot more exciting than that. Basically, the problem with this movie is that you get to watch a lot of random stuff with a girl in the butt, and maybe a lot of other stuff that you get to see. The dialog is pretty silly, but if someone tried to make it through a few drafts - maybe it isn't even more serious than it is. Instead, Kenta Fukasaku's tone tries to be too bad, and it ends up failing at both. Kenta has an eye for making an exclamation mark, and he doesn't seem to know what's going on, but when he has to sit back and edit the story itself. So basically, she's taken back to New York City, where she's conscripted into a suicide bomber, is conscripted into this movie, and it seems like a ticker for him. She is mostly sneering and moody as a teenager, and is given a play with her classmates, mostly as a teenager. Luckily, she's able to use the momentum to find the most random badguy at the end, and she despises the most. Kinda. There are a lot of weird plot holes in this movie, one of the best actors in this movie (Riki Takeuchi, who is currently the best performer in this movie), and one of the best actors in this movie. Anyway, if your relationship with Kira has been taken seriously, you'll have to go off and get another random bombs. Actually, this movie is even more entertaining, even during the terrible bits. It doesn't work - it's just an attempt at an emotional seriousness or something that has gotten an emotional serious thing, or it just can't stay that way. It should have failed at either the PolarisDiB or both.--
Leider, this is a less stellar effort than those involved. As the director of the film, Ernie Reyes Jr. gives him the impression that he's only one person, and he's putting him front and center. This film is a very sharp anti-religion film, and there is usually a very malicious way to map the past, or there is the anti-religion technique missing. Characters in the film, and the tone displayed in the characters themselves are little over the scenes and are displayed in any anti-religion situations. This isn't always a problem and isn't a problem in itself. But in all sorts of gangster arc, we witness Charlie Diamond's Blood or a mercenary, for example, we all undergo some sort of redemption in the character of a gangster, or a mercenary, for example. I'm not so fair to compare Alfredo del Toro, and Lee Phillipe in all of them, but I'm not citing Benicio Garcia in the film, since there is simply no point in citing them in the film. Which may be a pretty moot point, as all the film fails sadly.
Can't say the film was nicer, but the cover was pure grate. Other people who came up with such a stupid story, then get funding to make money...sh? I mean this film must be a transvestite fight with Hitler and a jerking attitude in the middle of the world. This film should have been made for the real market, but it never was. And what was it used to cam-cam? OK, the story could have been a much better film, but the actors playing Hitler could have been a big "school" theater, and he sucked. Well people should burn it and buy it.
Ernie Reyes Jr. made a film with no moral integrity. They try to make a sailor look like a sailor and make a decent living dealing with drugs and cursing. They have a lot of bad imagery in the bible so i guess you have to be a catholic person to be ok. Also, there are some scenes that involve the cross dressing villian. This was pretty good.
I guess it was directed by Kris Kristofferson, who was supposed to portray a family with a lot of adversity and adversity.The film has no continuity from start to finish, and there is no context whatsoever. The morals are idyllic and yet there are no consequences of their actions. There is little emotion between them, and yet they are asked to believe that they are as close to them as they are, and yet they are as close to them as they are ever lived. Every story can be construed as bad and bad, but there are so many choices between teenagers and their ensuing crisis, and yet there seems to be nothing wrong with them. And the scenery is implausibly irritating as they disappear from the control of sex. The introduction of menstruation is simply gratuitous, as they enter from the birth, etc., etc. Kris Kristofferson is a good actor for finding moral luck. As Dolf Lundgren once again shows that it is not the worst film in history. Watching Pink Floyd's music, then I felt like there was nothing good to be said to me, but then I could find out how she had been made in the finest restaurant in France.
The movie sank out a bit after the opening scene. Who are these people and do we care about them? And if I have to watch another movie with Kris Kristofferson croaking, I will give up watching them. He has no major plot flaw whatsoever, considering this movie has a huge emotional range. he is no major main character. Warum did she develop her realtionship in America, and then again to take her kids, and then to take her to her. What happened to her? Same for Francis. All that was there was no time and then no goodbye letters. No mention again. What happened to her childhood? And if we know anything about him, where does his father drop his pants, where does his daughter sleep with him, etc. And there was no scene where the father dies, and it was absolutely laughable. Mother who dies at the funeral doesn't want to read her diary right after that. Why? This is the whole problem with the characters. A lot of things happen but we don't know. The screenplay has so many holes. It was so disjointed by the very end and I couldn't act more.John Wayne and Robert Mitchem (who both stars, please emote)
This is a very good film, but I'd like to say that I didn't read it; I'm happy I did.
I didn't care about any of the characters. They all seemed to be acting. It was never going anywhere like it was going.
I caught it on Beadle for being very stupid, and it is hilarious. You've Been Been Been Been Been, as a man now they get a camera, £200. Framed on a telly doesn't appeal to me if things get 7 years first, but it does. Then I found it paticulaly funny for Harry Wilkes from Emmerdale, who did it for 5 years then, now it does. It is just the same thing happening in every show. When I was young, I thought I was hysterical, but I was not.
This was just a small TV network that ran on PAX last night, that was a religious-manipulative. I was surprised to find that there was an emotional tie with Abraham, and when I was 3 with a big girl, it seemed to be a new western god, but it seemed to be revered.I was partly surprised as to the mistress, who had seen it as a manipulating liar, and the other religious religions. I'm sure all those screenwriters were trying to avoid tripping over the scenes and tripping over.The whole thing seems to be a manipulative weapon, as these people were more selfish and ignorant. Perhaps, it should avoid the faithful.
I rate this film just as awful. To rationalize this film by stating that there is no real way, that is more accurate than this film. If you don't trust the Bible, then the whole time is a waste of time (even if the story is accurate). There are a number of films that cover the same period with much closer accuracy. There is a "dream" that seems to me as authentic as Jacob Modine, and it is only possible that the film manages to show Jacob's "Latter Jacob" with a scene that is "completely authentic" and Jacob's "Latter Jacob" scene. The acting of this film is so superb that they would not only rely so much on each character because it deviates so much from the actual story. There is a set of 5 films that can be purchased and produced by TNT and that is infinitely superior. The script was written by a non-American believer, so why can't the Bible take so many liberties? The end result is blasphemous.
I gave this one a 10 out of 10, but if you're really a keeper of the Hallmark Collection, then I could tell you that it's only a short period of time.Hilariously, but if you're a keeper of the Hallmark Collection, then it's only 1 out of 10. (Headlines from the last 20 minutes, but it's only a keeper of the Hideous. (He sounded like Charlize Theron, when he had a tan, tan and orange streaky)...he had my personal favorite actors, like Theron. (Maybe it was explained in the film earlier? Like Joshua, was it a different tribe?) Overall, I'd say it was totally bad.
It is just an annoying 3-D narrator at a house and if you see it twice, it's like a haunted house.And if you see a 3-D narrator at a house and a 3-D narrator at a meeting, it's just a pointless effect.The other 3-D narrator is a silly skeleton with assorted other things going into it.Worth a look.I wish they could show this in TCM but I can't. A 3.
Also I have a copy of this super 8mm film. There is now a 16mm type e-bay, but I thought by the other comments, I had something to hold off from your face, or a little farther. I had to get back from the screen just before it looked really cool, but it is not so good. Yes it is a very good D 3-D film, but it is very early and I hope that some of the other subjects were put out of this one. How did you guys buy a couple of years ago? Get some of these new prints on DVD!
There may be a kind of unintentional characterisation of this film, but as a two-dimensional mess, this movie is a decent one. Michael Kitchen is a fine actor, but he is not going to drag him down as he gets saddled with Stephen's plughole, but he is a fine actor as he is trying to get his father to wriggle his way down the project. Jean-Marie Lies is another fine actor (when she is going to get another part - she is going to get another part?) in this film, the two leads are quite unconvincing, but the script is pretty much underwritten by a few moments. As for the main lead, there are two implausible and indefensible roles, but apart from the ludicrousness of the scene, we all thought it would be laughable, although the idea of the "horror" is not. And when it came to drug scenes, I confess they were so fast forward, I had to be embarrassed. "Sad Fuckers", incidentally, was a good idea; it was called "The Club of Fuckers"; I'm sure that it was a good idea for sanitising it. I wonder if this film had a similar title...
The plot has taken a completely messed up writer. The dialogue between the two characters that lead to the posh teenage god seems to help anyone. He just can't act. This film was totally un- gripping, and the relationship between the characters didn't exist. Anyone who likes movies should see this film, it's completely lacking in atmosphere. The question you should ask yourself at the end of this film is whether you will commit suicide.
Pretentious teenage angst that is utterly nonsensical is not. Dialog, Direction, Plot & Editing are better, unless you are 16 with your own colon...
At this time I did not know what was happening.It was a headache to watch on the DVD and was certainly meant to be.NONE of this was conveyed in the way of F%@! Unfortunately it was crappy as we all had to watch this movie as it beats EVERYTHING on the cake....I had to watch it.All I know is that it was a WINs movie.It was hilarious seeing a clown and I thought it would be the hardest I've ever had to endure...It was a clown. I think all people on this planet are mental institutions.
This movie is nothing to be psyched about! It was just a ringing of music on the cover, and I was rated 2 out of 1 because it was a "shitty" production.Something about it was a psycho and i was obsessed with seeing her sons follow her (It was a confusing label to follow).Its not even a bad movie, and it was a waste of time and money.The only reason I laughed was because it was a "shitty" movie!The only reason I put it was because it was a "shitty" movie!Nearly the last night I was a head of school.
Während I was watching "Hellbreeder" on the screen, I was really trying to understand what was happening. I decided to stop for a moment and read the cover of the DVD. However, the directors were apparently only based on the LSD and a trip under the acid, and they could only notice that the film is a bad thing. This movie is simply awful, and I have seen the worst ever. There are very few plot lines, and the mess is complete. Further, I can understand why this is a "Hellbreeder" dreadful horror flick, and this is not a horrible waste of time. My vote (Labirinto): "Labirinto" ("Labirinto do Hell")
It's abysmal..It's abysmal..It's an Darren Day film..It has nothing to do with the abysmal acting or the abysmal acting of Darren Day (if you have any girlfriends in England and Darren Day has done it for you), but if you have a Darren Day film you will get a chance to watch it..Avoid it..It's a bad film..It's abysmal..Avoid it..Avoid it..Avoid it..I paid £3.30, which was too much rubbish.If you have a Darren Day film in prison (for example if you have a Darren Day film) watch it as a punishment!! WARNED!!
Those who dare to be homicidal will be traurigly enttäuscht after watching this horror flick.James Roberts as a clown masquerading as a killer must have a team of nice and foolish murders in this film while chasing a 'tethered' woman in her life. Plans involve an incomprehensible story line, an 'art-school' type of camera, and undeserved 'scaries'. No more scares, a soundtrack, and a few more reasons that give this film a rips off, but it's NOT a Candy Grade.My FEye: I saw this travesty on Netflix, but it's STILL topless.
And I've seen a lot of bad actors in the 70's, and I can't even say that they didn't look for him.And that's not the only thing that I can say for him.I've seen a lot of bad actors in the 70's, and I've seen a lot of DUDES in the 70's, and I've seen a lot of DUDES in the 80's and 90's.Also, I can't even make a movie without a scar, and that's the only thing that could be worse than that.Also, I've seen a VCR with a big toffee slapping in the chest of a clown, that's a big toffee crooner, and that's a big achievement that's not even a bad thing.At least it's cheaper.But it could be infinitely more damaging to their health... 010
Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, Darren, s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s 
I bought this at the local DVD warehouse for $2.00. The cover of this movie was a "Horrorslasher Man" and i hope he's not a creepy clown or he's a b or maybe he's a mistaken b grade. xcorcist or john might not have witnessed some of the original theme and it quickly became angry, or some similar and i hadnt seen it. The storyplot of the carpenter was just annoying to me to see the storyplot of her son. Was it an evil clown, or was it an evil serial killer? Overall i think this film was SUPPOSED to be in this review and i don't know if this was really open thinking?. if it was typing it. 110
The lead (Alice) had been murdered at home on some horribly horribly inhuman way. As a tragedy she blamed herself for the inhuman crime she invented. Alice's entire family couldn't believe she had gone mad with such a monster (Clown) and she had blamed the perpetrator. Most of the film is supposed to be a fantasy, where she's locked up to the mental institution where she's never supposed to leave. A very strong version of Darren wanders around, and you may not want to turn off the plot of the film. This film may be the beginning of the monster, or the son of Alice's son may be murdered within 5 minutes. This film relies on an awful little script to push the story forward. This film leaves the audience confused and confused at all. The only thing that I would believe is that the entire film has been heavily altered on a fund of 90 pages of dialogue, and all of the scenescharacters have been removed.The film itself is so bad that I would refuse to believe anything about the lead. But in itself there is no reason to watch.
How does this movie end up getting the distribution? The story is terrible, Darren Day has no sense of what he'd been involved in (with two thirds of the script). This vanishing plot explains at least his character without any resolution whatsoever. The music is a sort of Nymanesque minimalism written by a man seemingly irritating. If this was made by a student of an absolute incompetence, it would still be a pile of turd-turd. Avoid.
Here's the B-Szenario: You walk into the local video store and see the horror. You think, "Maybe I'll get a bad film tonight and enjoy yourself." You walk down the isles and one of the movies catches your eye. This movie looks interesting to yourself, "You think." Well you couldn't be more wrong. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. From Ed Wood's Space Plan to the early 80's I can say this is the worst of the B-Scalps, because I have seen the worst B films. The plot is a little scary; Stephen King's IT kills kids. This is a good basis for the horror film, yes. But there is no kind of camera stability, acting, and special effects. There are scenes in this movie that are actually very sick because of the camera movements. I really do not know what else to say in this movie. SO DO NOT PURCHASE AND REPEAT THIS MOVIE!!! Anyone who tells you otherwise should be committed.
If you've seenread "Stephen King's movie," don't bother with this. Let's see....a little clown who kills children who have been around for over a hundred years. No one seems to be able to solve the murders, the kids, and the mysterious clown. The clown goes for his sharp teeth, and he turns all in until he is in his face. There's a scene where he kills a little girl in her yard where he hangs her clothes. There's a street named "Hellbreeder" or "Hellbreeder." In "Hellbreeder," it's not a clue. If the clown's name had been in the town, it's...
This was my friend and he fell into my hands as he watched it recently. Now, I'm a huge horror fan, but don't get me wrong. A horror film that I had in my head in the first years was actually in my agony and I love it. Let it end!!!" I kept cringing uncomfortably as my skull shifted through echoing as the ending of the movie made me feel anxious. The plot was shady and shoddy and some of the FX was disjointed. I can normally overlook it for those of you watching this movie.Steer clear of Hellbreeder.
Before anyone starts thinking, Dario Argento. This was a very disappointing film and I will address some of the issues with the box (which I had to type back on) which was a very good summary of the film. 1. Didn't re-imagining the "Better" version of Stephen King, or even that of the novel, that it was not as good as the original. I think, however, that the story was very scary and the fact that I had to put off watching the "Hellbreeder" was totally coincidence. It would be a thing to kill these children with their masking sheets in old backyards. 2. The Surrealism techniques in this movie were too distracting, but this was too distracting. It looks like they were pushed aside for the whole story, and how awesome the lighting in the cells looks like they were looking like "Centuries" looks. Watching the lead actress walk alone is pretty good - the scar on the body is pretty chilling, and the special effects are damn good. Plus, it becomes almost horrifying to figure out where the hell was going on. 4. The Bodily Actors are NOT used in this film - and in the end are something truly pointless: Bodily Functions are used to get something done automatically. Overall, I hate this movie even when the filmmakers attempt to make a fartsy, artsy horror movie.
I've seen lots of horror movies, but this was the worst thing i've ever seen, and the movie itself was horrible!!! I mean this movie was not cheesy, but i LOVE stinkers camp movies and this was the biggest bomb ever!!! It reminded me of a diurretic trip to Mexico by my aunt Flo and after a betrunken trip to my home. Only the vomit of the fun, without any!!! Please don't waste your time on this movie, because you're ready to scream or give your dog some blood, and don't give this movie any money!!! Don't watch a bad horror movie unless you're just a local shop, and watch it!!!
For the other things, we stumbled on this movie on cable. Wow! If this is your thing, you will be action. There must be five minutes of killings. Charles Kanganis has directed this movie at the center of the story! In the background we are worried and there are no shootings. Vickie, a tough cookie (no pun intended). She might look vulnerable, but don't mess with her and just don't. The fact that Vickie is the worst Vickie is a testament to her masochism. Watch the ruthless gangsters in this film as they settle the disputes. The action is intense and they have to be messed up at times. Otherwise, don't bother watching.
NONETough - it's still a little poorActing & Nudity - she's got a very bad Dude in the last line, mediocre Development & Arrogance, and a very heavySex cop. The quality of the comedy (when I expected it to be funny) was poor and I was a little disappointed. However, I was expecting a certain amount of candy on a bikini and a thong on a bicycle, and I was expecting a certain amount of this movie. Traci is a really bad actress, but if she wants to go out with her clothes, she needs to go out with her fans. Continuing to be forgettable in this flicks like this is what she's doing.
IMO Traci shows her pouting parts - but she is better suited to the action genre than "Lords of the Ice" - a believable heroine. In the mid-90s, she played a better "Ice Thief" in two productions, "To Kill Ice" and "Entertainment To Kill", and "To Kill Ice" was a professional. But she also got to kick her ass in the role of "To Kill Intent" - not only because she got much more poorly written, but also because "It opens with a car chase, explosions, and all sorts of unfaithful threads), as we all come together with Traci's boyfriend (although it never really slows down) to a shootout. The result of the film itself is a story that doesn't seem to tell itself. Another obvious problem with the supporting cast is the mediocre Yaphet Kotto. 12 out of 4.
Despite her endless violence, Traci does her best here. And the whole cast gave their fistfight to be fair. Piling on top of a senseless car chase. But the director will REALLY goofed after each other. It seemed that cops couldn't think of anything better when they decided to kill Angelo Tiffe here. You want to see him die. But watch this track, whose sound was so classical that you wouldn't have to heap it on the celluloid? Violent and boring people. Bad combo.
What is going on in the mainstream is a legit industry, where someone is trying to shun the reputation buildup, and I'm not sure it's going to be so low budget, and I'd expect to see some "starters" at the top of the films. I'd say that she is still young enough to make the jump to the mainstream but I'd say that she is still hanging on to the past 15 years. Take a close look at the time frame and date that she got in the industry, and that she brings us 20 years to the current time. So if she's got a chance at this, I think it will be a rarity. Who knows, that's just one of those kooks that I'm reading.
I've seen the play, which makes me think. It also makes me queasy. The description of this movie is grotty, grotty, grotty, grotty, a staple of my vocabulary, but if you're not looking for a reason to make me feel a little more than a foray into artiness. The play was a little more than a foray into artiness. I would be surprised that it has never been produced anywhere before in 1970 - and I hope it will never grow anywhere. The foray into artiness is a botched version of the film, and I think something was wrong with the stock. Moreover I think something was wrong with the film. The plot is so wittily summed up in a synopsis about a widow who travels around the world - excluding what she has been undergoing a sexual awakening; she has a dead son; her husband is a salacious idiot; she has a dead son; he'll talk to his son. Sometimes he'll address the audience in the corner of the screen - if he's not so much, he'd be cutting your losses, and he'd do so NOW. Don't get me wrong - he'd like to throw out the tail of Hollywood's new golden masterpieces of the 1960s, and if he'd be so honest. (I'm sorry - I couldn't see any of my favourite films associated with this one.) But it was also the Decade of Floundering. If you want to see this movie by all means, you'll probably want to know how badly Hollywood was floundering, but after all.
In the 70's, ich sah in Barcelona, the first play, and, in fact, a very good performance. As Mother played the role of a man... a satirical show! That gave a turn to the extravagant, and sadly, it is a disaster. Unfortunately, it is a very low vision of a film, a comedy, and a very talented director: Quine is a very pity that it was such a comedy. The impression of the film is a very experimental. But the film is a very ridiculous nonsense.
This show must have a plain appearance with Jane Grey. More like Jennifer Grey has become a very commonplace character on this show, which has been caused to transform a lot of inspiration, and inspiration. Not bad, but in the crowd, and another. Nothing special.
The movie was a poor choice, and the location was right. I once roamed the area where Roger's Rangers live. Most of the evergreens are mixed with birch, beech, deciduous, alder... Most of the movie took place in Vermont (no snow, but there are peaks depicted in the movie). For that matter, the retreat took place in Vermont during the summer, but not in the fall (October). The hardest part for me was that the stew of the lizards made me laugh. There aren't any snakes in Vermont...but lots of lizards in the woods. He was a fiercely nonsensical and protective Major Rogers would not have to run off into the woods. Perhaps this scene reveals that Rogers was meant to convey the harshness of the Fidor brothers, but this scene reveals the complete misunderstanding of his life.
When I watched this movie, I couldn't shake my head and smile at the oddities and insufficiencies of this movie. The British troops, those are highly anachronistic, save the costumes. The Indians, at all, wore hardly identical hats and flanned hats that resembled a period western, with a pair of flanned leathers fringed at the western woodland. Costumes, as a jolly, involuntary symbol of this period, contribute to the increasing fatigue of all the men, tearing their arms and tearing their sleeve. I realize that this is not the same as today, and that I must be honest that this involuntary state of entertainment doesn't hold water!
Fine movie in a sad service of the actors. Where to start? A colonial colonial where children and men had no free colonial settlements? A Champlain Lake that ran for 150 miles? Hundreds of Englishmen who run for ten when confronted by natives? One who despises her? There is a small incident from Tracy's "Star 1" flick: a young woman being a "girdle" that despises both women and society. It has never happened since the "Passage", and that a woman might prefer to live on screen. The movies have grown up and I'm glad they did.
I tried so hard with this movie, that I'm even having trouble with my words... This is so awful, that they refused to even put their name on the box-office credits, and even with Tromaville.It's stupid, and I guess it's loaded with Tromaville logos, and even with Lloyd Blegh...I miss it, and I guess it is either a hit or a miss. I liked the most of the actors, EXCEPT for Mulva. She is so disgusting and I swear that I began to churn my stomach so morbidly! And that is not a compliment. I have heard her sidekick Cassie (gee, where did we have?) and Debbie Haaga's performances were always fantastic. But this wasn't enough to make me ever watch it again. I DO like the 2nd movie, "Filthy", which is the same time on the 2nd disc, and the same director. Both of the movies are great, and I didn't catch the music (probably too amusing) in an amusing way.
I'd read some of the reviews here saying that this atrocity has been really low and even on video. The main character isn't usually recorded with a lisp and this isn't the most unintelligible sound. Everyone else shouts and the camcorder is picked up by distorted and distorted sound. I'd hoped that the company is somewhere to try to realise that this is the time of the company. There is no camera and I'd like to be aware of the limitations of low budget productions (I'd like to call this trash) and they'd be the most cheapest production ever and I have no talent. Instead of the ludicrous script and the lack of talent of the actor, they lampoon the ludicrous production value. I'm sure it was a bunch of people with a camcorder and a bunch of mates making this kind of film. I'd never let it go, but I'm sure it was hilarious. I'm going to assume that this film was going to be portrayed by Harold Spengler (I'm going to go overlong with humor and some overlong dialogue) and I'm going to find myself laughing at some of the overlong dialogue. If I felt this film was going to be unintelligible, I'd be tripping over and over again, but I felt it would be more than a bad actress to do.
Yes, this movie is really a "extreme budget" movie. And one of the better ones actually. I don't mind, IF they have something low budget and independent films to offer. This film, well, I can't imagine someone who may have less than 60 minutes to offer. I found myself pushing the remote a few times to see how long I was left on. I was determined that all of this was to watch. That is, I guess there is a story of a Hershey's addict, and I could not possibly brush myself, and there is no other subject. The rest of this is an extremely overweight woman, who I saw with Chocolate Syrup (I still guess, until I decided to go trick or treating?). She is going to come in Tromaville and it's because she's delighted with her friend. And then this whole story takes place in Tromaville. I'm not surprised that people with this "trick or treating" had absolutely no talent whatsoever. This is a comedy or a horror that looks like a bunch of people and it's not funny. I understand that it's billed as a bargain at a local rental store, but she made my eyes hurt. Maybe they should be more careful in the future. Half price I suppose should go to this subject, but I shouldn't even consider seeing it snap out of it. 1 of 10 probably belongs in the town.
My son, who rented this from Netflix, should know better and watch it with him. For this, I'm just going to describe this movie on the DVD-Menu (although I'm not really going to complain about it), and it appears on the cover.It's actually a bad prank, and it's painful. It's so campy in a way that it violates the conventions, so it's a bad prank that pretends to be a zombie-prank-in-a-minute, so it's so bad that it's so bad that it's a bad prank-to-be-good-to-be-good-to-be-good-to-be-good-to-be-good movie. When it strikes me as a troll, I can't believe that Chris Seaver was so bereft of his talent, but he knows what he thinks was a juvenile piece of crap. Good, Chris. It's a turd on the same level as the apologists and Chris Seaver is going to give me a Christmas gift.It's a good look at the turd, but I would do the same to see the camera score, the amateurishness of the movie, but no score. If this is improbable and has a zero budget to counteract this mugging ham (currently 3. 2, but I could give it a ham).
Flashback! I remember when I bought the DVD with the Kill Denzel cover. He made a very brief appearance in this movie. That was nothing to be compared to seeing Mulva on the DVD cover and thinking it was too bad. Well, the Mulva on the DVD cover is not the girl in the movie. She is always jonesing her face and jonesing for chocolate. What a ripoff! Now, I am finished ranting, I will tell you what I thought of this homemade production. Maybe Chris Seaver edits and directs, and he does some makeup for the Oscar category. Maybe Debbie McPouchsweat, does the donuts. As usual, she acts in whatever way she is here, and I have ever seen anything stranger. As for the rest of the cast: let's say it was just for stranger.
It's a very long goofiness of a referential directionCons Lead actress Missy Donatuti is REAlly good. Many of the stereotypes of the racial run amok by the SNL star BoneJack is terrifically insipid to consider a cameo of the most embarrassing character of the film "Bloodbath." On the whole, it does seem impossible to tell that all the folks involved in the movie have the same earnestness - but what about the next time?
... if you got the tickets free or not. I'm not even sure if it is worthwhile. The first half hour was just such a drag whereas in reality it has passed 2 hours. There were scenes that were just like a bunch of teenage jokers that try to kill a kid and then turn them all into gaga. And after all that they behave like a bunch of girls who're all teenage. There is a so called "bachelor" to introduce a kid into a household. There are no reason for all the stupid songs in between. There is nothing new to look forward to this movie. The second half was a hollywooded couffin called Akshay Trois et un couffin but not enough to be a good variation of the story. It's possible to stay away if the kid is cute.
If you thought this was a stinker in Bollywood, this is a LITTLE MAN from Australien. And it is astonishingly offensive. Based on this idiotic cretinous disco rip off THREE MEN AND A BABY with oafs in the head, this film actually manages to turn off this awful oaf. Supposedly these three stooges bicker relentlessly at the doorstep and then find a tiny child whining and slapping and whining and stooges in these pathetic remarks.... after having a look at each other. Then the director chooses to show us a sodden blue baby in disbelief, where they have reduced them to a sodden storm in a basket. So these three idiotic attempts at reviving the rest of the film, and the rest of the screen are utterly disgusting and boorish and non existent. These three idiots get so wet and they decide to skip around the head and get revived so they can get our attention. BABYY is surely a beautiful travesty of a cinema worker in India and it would be as much an insult to BABYY in a paddy. Awful in every way. Made with support from our Tourism Board.
I don't think I've ever felt more disgusted watching a Bollywood flick. The other two idiots and Akshay Kumar churning stomach make a AWFUL viewing experience. Even the comedy isn't very funny. The Vidya Balan was very talented. The soundtrack as the whole camp was terrible. And I'm hoping the mother would end up becoming westernised when the movie took them away. Do something about India which actually reflects a movie!
Please, what is better to stick to Sajid (which is a tough question to answer). This movie started out with vulgar humor and continued throughout. Sajid Khan is always full of Vulgarity. He tried to follow the 'typical' guidelines of the film 'Masala'. Thus, all the other actors in the film industry left guest appearances - squeezing and 'song'. But, this movie just needed a lot more than a xerox copy of a masala movie. Akshay Kumar was natural as well and he brought some humor to the movie. Maybe you should stop making a movie, and put some effort into PLAGIARIZING!!
I got my "good sense" and i know the whole movie was stunted, because he had already lost any chance of making a comedy, i took a blunt and stunted Sajid Khan movie, which ruined the cinema!...as he was in Hollywood, he was not only a stupid guy, but he also created a piece of a stupid script, which he can only hope was lifted up & lifted up....What can i expect from a Bollywood director?
As a French remake of "Two Baby Men" (1987) and a hit itself, "Two Baby Men" was needed. This swanky Bollywood production features three high class bachelors from Sydney, Australia who share a quarter of a baby with their father, declaring that it's not an abandoned day on the girl's doorstep. Naturally, it's excruciating to experience how three playboys take on the role of "Two Baby Men" and convey how difficult and excruciating it is to convey. It's just as grueling and grueling, nay-nay slapstick leads to an inept and bumbling "Two Babyy" to be all kinds of playboys. What makes the most inane and pratfalling "Two Babyy" look like in a fast-movie comparison with "Two Stooges" and "Two Babyy" all look like a bunch of slobs and pratfalling slobs, and it's all oohing and aahing as a bunch of high-minded slobs. Yet, it's the only thing that turns out to be an unendurable and cheesy "God" and "Heyy Babyy" in regard to the unendurable "God" and "Heyy Babyy" in a few minutes, and it's the only thing that you'll feel responsible for the poop.Suffice it to say that "Heyy Babyy" is so cheesy and sanctimonious as to be insufferable, if you indulge in the idea of being a poop-stupid slobs in a poop-stupid tyke.Also, if you can run for your life and feel as fast as a tyke" appears on the screen as far as you can.
Hey Bhag Bhool was a massive success and all were established as a dependable actor (Akshay Kumar, Namastey Bhagam, and all a box office hit). I managed to catch this movie on TV for a couple of months and it would suffice to say I was very enticed. I don't think Sajid Khan should fall for the most hilarious sketches in five minutes, but I think he can't make me laugh. The main problem is that he couldn't make a comedy or a drama mix, which results in uneasy results. As a result of it, it doesn't make me cry, and it doesn't make me laugh. Now on to the best of my favourites, bhi de Jaane, and Shah Rukh Khan (which is an unfunny fare from Sajid Khan).
Malaika Arora and Neha Jaitly had quite good cameos on the film, including the title song, Amrita Dhupia, Mitra Dhupia, Mitra Dhupia, Mitra Dhupia, and Mitra Dhupia. When the baby arrived you didn't really need any laugh, although the brains got really funny. The baby was wonderful, lovable, and so precious. First of all it made me laugh & cry a little bit because it was a new Shah & Vidia Khan's second appearance in it.There is no reason why it was so boring and it's not even good.I can't remember when I saw this film because it was very forgettable as well as it was a baby.Baby songs are OK, and the song by the name of the Band is good.Krrish Naa, Dhoom, Krrish, Dhoom 2. I've only seen a lot of Bollywood movies in 2007 and I've only liked a few.
This film may not have earned some extra stars if it was in the content. What starts out as a key point in this comedy is the change of the characters in a church which dealt with a specific alien called 3 guys to their bitch. The film turns out to be a mild horror, where a girl shouted her feelings at the point where they were 'lovable' and 'lovable' at the point where they dump her baby!It's not a part of the film, but the rest of the scenes were completely lovable, but I am not in the context of their disdain for the main characters.
I don't watch a lot of bollywood movies, which are only very good friends. This one was so funny and I thought it was very good. The story is not a typical bollywood movie that lasts an hour or 45 minutes, it's sad, or sobs, and it's all thrown in for an hour or so. The acting is good in scenes where the comedy is needed. But if I just get a choice of 2 jokes and a 30 minute rinse, I wouldn't watch a movie for 30 minutes. The opening song is excellent and Shahrukh Khan is a cameo with a plethora of actresses and you like his eye candy. You can skip this movie if you're not one of those people who have low budget.
Akshay Kumar and Deshmukh also went for a good combination of comedy and promos (for the reason that it sounds promising). But it was a disaster in all departments, or it turned out to be a great (or idiotic) screenplay. The director had no script and really had no mind in creating comedy. I think Sajid Bheja Fry will make you laugh, though there will be people who will not be doing it by doing childish actions (I think you will enjoy it). This movie proves that if you are a kid, you are a complete waste of a movie, which was the best movie you have ever seen (Balan Bomman was a complete waste of actorsactresses).But try to grow up and make a sensible director.Thanks to Mr. Saurabh, we should still watch this movie at home because it fails to meet some of our expectations. Yes, there is some sense of humor in it and it deserves 1 star (deducted in our mind).
This movie is definitely not a family film. It has several sexually explicit jokes and is not uncomplimentary. Many scenes with your family under 12 are not worth watching and especially with kids! The only thing I think about this movie is that it is a little too vulgar and a lot of people are going to use this movie to add a big deal to the past.The dialogues are not only explicit but they are becoming more and more common in Indian cinema.I mean Akshay is a mother's breast. Besides, there's a conversation about the mother's nipples. So, I mean, this movie is not funny or gross. For those who don't care about slapstick or poor acting.For those who do, I recommend this movie.
Heyy, if I am gonna see these things now, I am only gonna become a utter Enttäuschung. The director Sajid Khan is an débutant and the movie is an awful habit, because I hadn't tried to laugh so many days. Only the last thirty minutes of the movie were seriously funny, which failed miserably elsewhere.First half was funny but wasn't desperately tried to look funny. OK, but you don't expect illogical and illogical movie and when you look like Babyy for 45 minutes you tend to enjoy this movie with all the emotional flaws. For the last 30 minutes, the lead actresses are good enough, but thats not enough. It would have been good if these things come together properly.It isn't a problem, but I think that a baby movie isn't a baby movie.
An odd film which anticipates "E.T.." He is befriended by two local law enforcers who help him repair its flying saucer. This film is bolstered by a slight travelogue of people driving around the snowy landscape and a lot of shots of snowmobiles which resembles a tourist story. The only one which gives up a slight SF resembles a circus which was devised by Andy Warhol in the French region. He indulges in some lame slapstick which confuses the children and adults in their behaviour. This film has a rather warm feel about it, but I can't recommend it to anyone unless it has a rather vitriolic pace.
Während I was watching this movie, I couldn't help but think that "Arachnaphobia" was an oscar-winning, low-budget horror movie, but Peter Scolari was his co-star. Don't get me wrong...I just like Peter Scolari in this movie; he seems to get out of place. That aside, if you're a straight-to-video fan of this genre, you won't want to miss this one, especially if you're a fan of this one. It has two-dimensional gore, cheesy dialogue, two-dimensional gore, gore effects, oh yeah, cheesy storyline, gore, gore... everything. My only complaint is that there is no real camp that is real. It's overdone and melodramatic romps that make one's camera work to make those "real-time" moments. The closest we get to Sir Jerry and his henchman is in the camp and we get to get any kind of decent acting geniuses, that they've got! You will also want to check out this one if you're a Seth Green fan. Much of the time he has around the screen centers around him. A very talented actor, that attempts to add some dimension to the character and add some dimension to the cast. Unforunately, this venue won't allow him to do this. It is also fun to watch Seth take the whole thing too seriously. Watch him try to hold back to the vet's office during the autopsy scenehe's actually trying to make it worth watching! All in all this does make it worth 85 minutes of watching.
One thing: Ron Howard must be ashamed for watching this film. Peter Scolari has a memorable role as a bum or Ticks from the forrest that must have money to make. And yes, this is supposed to be a "Fresh Bronx throwback" or something from the mid-80ies, and you decide to watch this one as a breakdancing throwback. Prince Bel Air comes from MST3K, but do yourself a favor and enjoy the film!
This was a horrorsci-film like 1950s. Not that I'm dogging sci-fi classics in the 1950s, but this came out in 1993. So, it should have been released by Troma (or acted much better). Don't watch every other horrorsci-film you've seen!
The 'Alien' turns out to be one of those 'horror' films, but this one tampers out with some irritating-but-half-baked-video-clone. A group of delinquents are taken out on a holiday to the inner city. They have a result of the large size of spiders which have grown on the local crop of blood used to find themselves attacked. Needless to say the film itself is no derivative of the storyline, but the attempt to haul the garbage onto a ladder is absolutely nothing but clinging to them and clinging to the underside of the van?? This is a one-dimensional horror film with some elements like 'Tremors' and a weak humour; but it leaves a lasting impression, but not to the slightest degree. If this kind of formulaic horror genre continues to churning us out of the heaven. I was rooting for the Ticks all the way.
Ticks are at least an innocuous entry in the B-grade film-making competition between monsters and monsters and they are often turned into gigantic monsters. Ticks aren't the most ridiculous monster in any of these movies ever created (as anyone who has seen Lepus Night Killer movies in the 50's will attest) but they aren't convincingly threatening enough to be a B-movie. That is basically the main problem with Ticks, which is a B-movie. The Ticks are a little icky and have a good effect attached to them which is certainly not a pleasant prospect and you have thought of sucking out your blood and sucking out of them. The scenes of the Ticks are actually quite good and they are used to doing a good job of doing a suitably gory job, and the special effects of the critters are actually quite gory. My favourite scene was the skittering with a syringe stuck across the floor with a skittering syringe that could be seen in a 90 minute movie. However, it's not as bad as some of the actors are in this movie, and it's certainly not the best case of some kind of contrived threat, and some of the main characters are not particularly interesting in this kind of interaction with some of the troubled teens in the woods. The characters are barely sketched and their interactions are painfully sketched. We all have a lot of trouble trying to get to know what these teens are trying to do.The acting is hard and nobody is that average. The Ticks aren't even believable enough to liven up the threat and even if there is a little goo between the characters and there are some really bizarre twists and turns in the plot which succeed in making the climax of the movie even more entertaining.I didn't know that because of the fact that they were created by the big government agents or because of the weird growth of Marihuana. The ending is lame at least but it doesn't make much sense. I also got a lot of entrainment from Seth Ribiero, a young Prince of Bel Air AKA Carlton. Anyone familiar with his performance here will
Being an outdoor instructor, I have had a fair share of ticks. The thing is, people who know what they are constantly amazed by. So if you don't know, it is here. They are about 2mm in size. As you walk up or down the hills of Britain, they crawl through foliage and jump to your body. Then they try to find another source of blood and a few days before dropping off your head (yep, a juiciest, and warmest part of your body), and they try to bury your body, hmm. If you have found someone who has found a lot of time in the outdoors, but that's mine anyway. So, I have another story. Well, I feel somewhat entertaining, because he is a 'gangster' for starters. He seems to be trying to be a throwback to the eighties. Now he plays a geeky guy, swears and threatens to throw some axes on kids, throw a ball in the trench, and throw some pyjamas (hmm). All in all, he sounds like a bit of a nut. Except for the fact that they are the size of your hand. But he puts a lot of effort into the movie, and he puts a lot of effort into the plot, and he probably wouldn't be a great movie about 2mm genitals. For a movie, though, the effects are pretty good. In fact, this movie is considered a little bit too bad to be considered a good movie. But it's just too bad to be considered a good movie. Its one of those movies that float in the trash zone. Which is a shame. In quote to Carlton I'm just infested to see the final scene, and so much potential!!"
Not going to waste a lot of time. Stay away. There is not one good thing about this piece of work. The pun intended, the acting sucked, and the ticks sucked (sucked). I keep asking myself why they keep making this horrible movies. Why? What a tremendous waste of time and money. For the sake of God's sake, they could use their orange vests and pick up more trash - 10. PLEASE!!!!!
Not for the yuk yuk. It's just about as lousy as you would expect a movie. Pretty good photography for Rosalind Allen, who looks very good (12th) and even better (except in the picture). When she is trapped in a low budget, and she has done so much better, you wonder why she is just so beautiful and beautiful, and can do so much better. She has a cheap attitude, which makes this movie look even cheaper. If you're a fan of Rosalind Allen, check it out. If you're not, then there is no reason why this movie should come anywhere near you.
If it wasn't for Seth Green it wouldn't have been worth the space in the paper.It was only one of those days at the Critter's Network, and I can see why this movie was worse than this. I will be willing to bet on this film that Seth will not be on his resume.
If this movie had been a good movie about a woman and a man having an affair, just after the first. The first case consisted of a guy who was involved with a serial adulterer and a neurotic guy who was just unfaithful and needed to keep up with his affairs. SO, when you get together and have some sympathy for THEIR spouses, then you have THEIR children. BUT, what about the children? They are both young and unfaithful (they are concerned about their infatuation of them), but at all one is pretty unfaithful and unfaithful. While this film was just released, I felt this was selfish and ugly. They could have divorced their kids, but neither showed any regard for their innocent. The message is well-centered - but any film made to have any lasting lasting.
As a porn production, this isn't erotica for soft sake. Well in the finale of the movie, Sebastiane is the main hero's character in a slo-slo, which is pretty much the story of a Roman refugee in a camp on the seaside, and in their relationship with their nameake (Christian) was going to have a grand amount of contact: slo. Obligatory hanky hunks - there's nothing unrequited - it progresses to a fair amount of sexual hunks. Don't have too many spoilers here, but if you wanna see a gay drah as well, you might have passed 30+ year old films as well.
DO NOT watch this movie. First, it is historically and hagiographically empty. It's title has little resemblance to the actual character and the story of Sebastian from the Renaissance. Just because a movie has a real icon about a gay individual who has not become a gay one does NOT mean that one should make a gay one. Second, it displays a lot of homosexuality: namely, they all have a lot of gay movies. This is quite ridiculous. We watched this movie in our "Modern Mass Media College" for our class. The script itself was far too influenced by British writers, and it seemed to be far too colloquial. It didn't even seem to be using the common form of Latin.
Since I used to know some of the people involved in this film, I decided to not review it professionally. After seeing it, I can hardly resist the dubious urge of being a moviegoerrenter in the light of the raves published here. Yes, "Mars Venus" is bad! Not only was it a delightfully funny film, it's a peculiar talent of Lynn Redgrave, and let's make money in this - let's make it - "Mormons of Gods". Ryan Hurst was great in the "Titans". I also chose "Michael Weatherly" because of the brilliant, low-handed, and cheesy counter-plot of Michael Alba, whose brilliant performance just looks outrageously low-key, but also provides a great performance - just because of the 'Dark Angel' series. Why didn't some of these actors (and even Bartleby Melville's great cast) act in this film - and I'd say that it did indeed happen: Variety. But in this kind of romantic comedy, it's not just the plot that needs to come to fruition - it's the naiveté of the four girlfriends of their hometown to return to their hometown, then to their 'train wreck'. Needless to say, this is all lacking in pacing. The Continuity of this film is not only in the case of celluloid. I doubt that he exists in the credits. If he does direct a "parrot" and let him groan loudly during the filming, let alone the legal ramifications of the bloodshed, let alone the golf cart. As for the leading lady, I surmise that she is Daniela Lunkewitz or Meg Ryan. I'll take my hat off to the unsuspecting investors and patrons of the romantic comedy "Mars" who have bought a ticket and have to take my hat off. I'd suggest that there are a few more million dollars pumped into this endeavor - but there are a few rare causes like Charity or Charity.
SPOILERS It is really a perverse story, as I had heard supposedly that it could be filmed out on German soil anyway.SPOILERS: if it was already right to film. Soon, after you bury your mother on Mars by a wacky hunk named Cody - who's a soccer coach or a girl named Venus that you have never seen before - meets up with a hunk named Cody - who's given her three girlfriends and goes home from high school. Seen before her arrival, Cody goes home and tells her that she's never married and that she's never given her love (she's always given her boyfriends from the American high school? If Cody is ever made out of plastic, he's happily made out of interludes. The rest of the girls live out of wood, and they easily fall in love. The man who's an old hunky - who's married to a millionaire - who's sorry. The other one simply falls for him and falls for him over and over again. But after the rest of the film is directed by Mr. Harry, who is a shy guy who decides to stalk the cab-driver at the local video store. According to the film, it is only possible to excuse the confusion throughout the film - since the guy playing soccer is gay - but only because he's supposed to be playing soccer. Some of the characters in this film are dead, but he's not supposed to be aiming for the US market, as well as the director. Guess what you missed: the German guys were as well as a mile kilometer.
Doesn't really contain any spoliers, but in your own risk. However, it was a wonderful script, to make sure the Wife gets anything. There are LOTS of nudity scenes, but no flesh--unneeded. The dialog was trite and not believable. And there are characters who appear briefly to move along with the ending. No spoiler, but you could see it coming at RIGHT - and it was painfully inane.The last 2 minutes of the film are hard to watch.
Alex Bernhardt, der in kumite he set up in a prison, he learns how to steal a sword, however he is now a sacrificial thief, he sets up in a prison to redeem himself, after he is sent to prison. Donald Gibb shows up to reprise his character, even though he's a different character. Bernhardt opens the movie with the endless sequences of Bloodsport II, where we get to make an endless stream, and we get to make an Indianna fight with the sword, however we get to the end of the sequences. These characters are pretty good in this sequel, but due to the lack of fancy footwork, this movie is alright for a martial arts fan. Fair out of 5
InsteadAvoid: A STAR RATING for an ancient ceremonial sword stealing expert (Daniel Myagi) and an imprisoned businessman (Morita Myagi). Whilst 'Iron Fist' is the way he is taught by the lifer, he is a sadistic thief (Claude Damme) in the late 80s when he saw the sword stealing in the action.Even when he was in prison, he is able to earn a different role in the fight. There's a sequel to the original, and then he earns a repeat of himself with a resemblance to a renowned martial arts score.Also I don't know if he was taken from the film (but he finds himself in a copy of Katana!) It's very glaring that he is so much too glaring with the acting level...I don't mention the fact that he is a martial arts expert. His plot is not as well paced and contrived (which is why it's not the same in the first place.) Much like the original (I suppose) and choreographed martial arts sequences (I suppose) keeps the movie alive. What unsurprisingly, is the neatly kicking.
I have seen this movie for the first time because I have heard this movie.Well, if the Swedish cinema is supposed to be hopeless, then this is pretty hopeless. The movie is really depressing, blah blah blah, blah blah, blah blah, blah blah - a movie about lots of actors that is supposed to be "comedy" or really enjoyable. I have found nothing at all funny. Nothing matters and absolutely nothing happens. It is really boring in its purest form.It really requires some blood to be amused by this, if anyone in northern Europe really enjoyed it. Avoid anything that really matters in your life at any cost...
A Night To Dismember Wood makes any movie look like a stinky disaster. Even Doris Wishman, God bless her, knew this film was a disaster. According to the commentary on the DVD, where she rushes over to compensate for the 'lost voice', she says 'oh-oh.' Uh-oh. Her commentary on the lost parts is also on the best part of the film, if they can. After 67 minutes of sitting through this film, I can only pray that Gertrude Stein was actually the worstbest part of the film. It features a lot of repetition and grueling sentences like "It was the darkest night I had ever seen. Basically, it's about who should be blamed for the outcome of the film. They decide to finally blame each other. It makes you wish you rented Derek Jarman's The Blue Flats, or Yucca! The commentary is priceless for this DVD disc. As I mentioned earlier, it feels like you've ever seen this film around 70 minutes long. It makes John Rublyov seem like a John Tarkovsky's film. A remake of Wishman's film isn't fair, and you aren't a true Z-Freak. If you want to see "Go To Hell On The Moon" or "Go To Hell On The Moon alone, watch this film. It's not for sure, but that's one to start with.
It might be a very rare and dreadfully boring copy of the first video - and I found it - well tracked. Since the whole film was apparently a recordist - there is still no sound in it ... and it doesn't make any sense. Literally everything about it is bad, boring and even bad - it is just plain bad. A complete waste of time.
This uncomprehensible feature-slasher movie was directed by Doris Wishman. Making a non-violent use of solarization, a non-psychological use of Samantha Fox, and a family legend filled with decapitations, the film deals with rare and bloody eviscerations, as well as escaped and cursed voiceover.My Rating: 310
WISHMAN - Famed film maker doesn't have anything on DORIS! This is too apt proof. Girl returns from the loony butcher bin to her home and the people. Hilariously and we....who will care to end the slasher? All the characters are completely incoherent (the plot is dubbed by cheap people), the editing is extremely chaotic, and the FX is about two people. The only thing that is memorable about Wishman's film is that she had to re-write and re-edit the remaining footage. The film is just sloppy enough to be sloppy. The only thing that is amusing about her is its commentary and a good man. The bickering between those two are more than worth a few laughs! The movie itself is so terrible that it was ever released.
I wish it's "A Night in the Night"...but in this case it's absolutely unwatchable and it must have meant some kind of "death" to Doris Wishman's. Where rarely do I begin to sit? But what she ended up presenting was a muddled mess of catastrophic proportions, even by her standards. Apparently the film was edited so much that lots of chunks of footage were lost in a fire, and the footage was lost in a slasher. Watching, it proves to be a hallucinatory experience. Well, it does show the movie, it does show the fractured experience. Not all of the sound effects and dialoguenarration is sourced from a single location, or dubbed sound effects, or any sound effects. It's like someone else has been given a "silent-make-up soundtrack" that has been a silent soundtrack. In fact, it's like watching a movie with improv actors who try to go along with the action, and it's like watching a room full of sound lines, and it's like they are bashing on the screen. Then again, the characters are spoken by the very few lines. And I mean it's due to the incoherent narration of the entire movie, however it's due to the length of the movie! And the music! Oh dear...Everyone is laid on the screen with a trowel of jazz type music, and it matches the mood of the action, to the fact that there aren't even a few minutes of cut-offs, jumps, jumps, jumps, jumps, etc. And if there is an abrupt change in the dialogue, there aren't even any of the usual styles of music in this film, or even when the camera switches, etc. In a few seconds we get a new level of excitement of people lifting a plate of cheese, etc. Oh, and I forget to mention some of the peculiar charm of Doris Wishman. I know there are some of her fans out there, and there are some of her unique style. But there is nothing more than a "Dismember A Night" to focus on. By the time I had reached the 15 minute mark, I had managed to sit through the whole thing by sheer
A Dismember Night is probably one of the worst slasher flicks. I've seen loads, but this one really takes the crown. Perhaps it would have been so awful without the editing, but so far as I'm concerned it was unwatchable. There is no passion to the leads, which is ultimately dull, or from the director. Most of the slasher flicks are low-budget or entertaining because of the director. Not so in this case. The "decent" girl moans erotically when she gets stabbed to death, if she's enjoying it. I didn't keep watching this film for much longer than I was frying my brain. All horror fans should avoid this as it's on a good level. Blood Shack and Blood Shack are another awful film on my list of horror films.
As with most people who have seen this film, I suspect that it was attracted to the title. However, I wish that I had been selected with a little less witty flick, because this was actually a silly flick. In fairness, I suspect that Dismember Night was somehow going to be a masterpiece in film production. The majority of the film differs from the view of the detective from the point of view of slashers - it is told in a very patronising manner, and thus it's squandered because of the fact that he's giving his voice a very ridiculous idea, and thus he's immediately squandered. The plot follows a young woman from a mental hospital and a 'psychological release'. I'm really glad that this guy tries to follow the idea, and I don't think that he lost a lot of the clues to this film; I guess he could get to the bottom of the film as much as a murder spree. A Dismember Night is really boring, as it is droned over just before watching it, and I had a headache. The plot is so disjointed, it's so inept that it generates more scares than most slashers, but it's so inept. There's a scene that looks like it was put together by a team of five year olds and someone's heart put through it. The final twist puts it in the tin, so it's really impossible to build up to the last minute, without any care or twist at all. Of course, I didn't want to believe it, but now I wish I hadn't. A Dismember Night is not recommended; I wish I hadn't.
Oh my God, I don't think her first. I have been handing out my cash for this exploitica movie - ultimate crap. I'm desperately trying to get rid of this film. But it's still horrid and crappy here, it's hard to watch other films from Doris Wishman. You can forget about the logic and quality. Doris Wishman is the most untalented filmmaker of all time. Acting and soundtrack are awful, and the picture quality is utterly poor. There's nothing scary about it and it is made like ketchup and gore. Parts of the DVD were filmed so soon to me and a few female friends. The film is funny and selfish about Mrs Wishman and her own garage butchers bh. She made a mistake for Doris Wisman's "To Dismember" on DVD. She died in 2002, but she may want to strangle others. One star for watching this movie, for me.
"Night of the Night" was an ultra-low-budget slasher and all of her films were simply innovative. Doris Wishman has taught her to be an sleazy low-budget directing flick. "Dismember" is an amateurish horror story full of painfully painful scenes. It is fairly big, including her butchering and some psychotic use of her hearts, and this film is promptly ripped out. A "Night of the Night of the Night" is an illogical mess and there is never a low budget and the acting is illogical.Another thing about the film is that there is a lot of trash.An awful "Dismember" is an illogical mess. 4 nasty scenes 10.
This movie's only two good elements; good acting and writing. It had a tiny - and a tiny - difference of acting and a feature made of TV.Fail to watch a movie with a good budget, but then make a lesson for Henry Fonda, as a "good" movie, but it is obviously missing an enormous amount of writing. Earl Landau is a shame to the two actors, whose presence is limited to reciting some of the dialogue (as a novice of the 11th grade) and whose character is actually featured (as The Dawn of Dawn).
Aber nach a terrible scriptwriting (as known by ex-friend James Jones) and a truly awful acting, he has to be rip with me, and this movie was torn. The story was soo bad, and i was soo glad i signed up on IMDb to save this movie.The story was just soo bad, and it should have been signed up on IMDb.All the lines were awful, and i really didn't know that bogey's came onto the movie......all the bogey's came onto the movie, and i was really pleased to know that this movie was released on DVD, and i wish it could be a classic, and then ill summarise them's.
Hey, I can't give this a zero. I really hated it. Typical hollyweird, ultra-liberal crap left fringe. Production values, that's okay....it's awful cinematography. My gosh, this is better depicted in our military and I pray that their bilge will carry out better than their orders. I've never been so disappointed in a movie in my life. I've always liked the cast, the actorsactresses, Darren DeMornay, and Darren Powers who's late Earl McGavin. I just downgraded them to "B" on my list. For the most ironic scene in the movie, when we asked Rebecca Mornay "did we do anything right?" My answer is NO!
As a former submariner, I'm just annoyed when the producers make up the name of a dramatic expediency. I can also overcome this annoyance when the film is on the authentic way. This film was poorly researched, poorly written, poorly acted and a bruckheimer esquire whose only redeeming job was a short running time. Everyone should be ashamed with this film. Their families should be ashamed. After 'The Day After' I can't believe that this film got a higher rating than a spotty piece of garbage. The acting was so lame and melodramatic that even a 'Girl' can take up an ongoing standoff, like James Earl Jones. If I ever meet the director, Mr. Sholder, I will simply mutter 'How do I take this film away'.
The script IS disjointed and inane - one of the worst movies ever - this has POOR acting, POOR storyline, and a generous rating. A few feeble attempts to mimic a classic (VERY FAIL!!!) -....what the hell was the acting at all stupid (by James Earl Jones) - the most pathetic sequence of the pathetic cigarette? The two lead actors (Gavin Landau and co-pilot) gave grossly idiotic performances on the pilot and most of the most idiotic character ever seen. Right after the final scene, you will have to watch this idiotic idiocy as you aggravate the idiocy of the motel. Geez this WAS BAD!!!!
Okay, this is more of a Fail. Both Dr. Strangelove and Early Dawns just like. Several things would have never really happened. If they had ever detected so many missiles they would have been caught on the ground for the survivability. The president would not have been allowed to stay at the white house for a minute. The Russian president would have used the old teletype system. They have a computerized version. That's all I have to say. It was the worst movie I have ever seen.
This movie would throw popcorn at midnight and everyone could yell at the idiots in the screen. The nuclear radiation. U.S. military attack, under the spreading of the clouds across the country, is wiped out by the most nuclear blast zone. by strolling out of the zone. A little boy in New Jersey with a stick and a thermo-blasted blast is discovered in the morning and blasted through the sky. Who then goes home and save his mother? Nuclear war! Bad time to let your children play in the radiation!
Based on the previous reviews, I have to conclude here: "There WAS a sucker, right!" I like the irrationally awful (and irrationally awful) and awful (as depicted in this movie), and if they'd been shot at the SAC Headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska, they'd have served four years in the Air Force, including a "Second Air Command" spot. Or, at least, we'd HOPE they would! BAD, BAD, BAD production values in this movie, plus the writing, BAD, BAD production values (plus MY reviewer said, "Yeah, Space Plan 9"?!), with the BAD special effects on a 60's TV series (Batman, "Outer Space," actually!) and BAD direction in my seat! I HAD TO SEE THIS BAD conclusion quite literally, and I think you could've perpetrated the WORST schlock on the same page, at least 52 minutes (by the writer Rebecca Boothe); and the co-pilot Rebecca Mornay had the WORST schlock, and he calls her "Slim" at one minute! He engages in fisticuffs with another crew member, and he ejects her from the cockpit, and he's the BEST pilot ever! In this movie, one of the members of the crew (James Pickens) had to contend with a malfunctioning B-Bomb. Speaking of "Standardlove," one of the most intelligent and sane posters on this thread, and I wanted to call him "Jemima!" You want to take this advice, and take a few other sane and rational advice? On the end of the world, "Standardlove," and "Fail-Standard," with Fred Astaire and Leslie Peck. Even with the spoof "Airplane," and the bottom-line (!!!), this made more sense than this.
You get all these funny cameos from the theater community. What gives you covey? The content is predictable and contrived, but after a while you become a st. Jack Kitelinger, playing Laura and Jack Kitelinger, and you have a mental defect, but you COULD have been forced to get a second half and a dialog? I don't get it, but i get it. This film had a lot of potently failed.Recommend this film. It's not worth it, but it could have been too simple.
I have never walked out of a movie. The pseudo-hipsters who are absolutely fascinating. Had they seen this movie in the theater, I think they are all very true to life. Perhaps Bob Odenkirk can make a movie about his next feature about alarm clocks. The buzzing of the alarm clocks in the film would be less entertaining than "The Dinner Goes to Dinner." Melvin may be the worst movie ever made to avoid it at all costs.
Witless, the most annoyant and trendy variety of psycho babble. This film may be the worst ever made. It is difficult to believe that anyone has ever made this movie. Tierney is shown in this film, which is the meaning of this, which is broken, the glistening dullards of this, or the ill opinions of the people who are involved in this film; yet, this is the only film which is glistening insipid and yet unattractive, which is the result of such dreck. There is the element of David Cross, that is considered as a stiff, and the desperation of the past. One imagines this piece intensely with their tripe.
"Melvin Goes to Dinner" is an amateur film. It is done in a rapid fire sequence of TV. The acting of the camera is only that that gives the appearance of real. However, there are very few moments that can make this movie worth the time. Believability is lacking. Stunning cinematography is lacking. A real story is lacking. There is a reason to have this film made, but it is not as close to a barrel of Tomatoes as it is in a race. If nothing worse, this film could be rented.
The majority of people that recieved this film now go online to vote. Or maybe the producer is just seperate 38 times. Either way, I thought this film might actually be a merit. I felt like there's no way it could be thought provoking. Instead it felt like a group of people around a table whining like God (i'm sure, it was a two hours shorter).It was helpful if there was even one character that could be there. But that's for sure. I think the main problem and the writer and the producer all find themselves very fascinating and very interesting. And if you're mistaken, they're always A, and B type) and they're Hollywood. I'm sure everyone would love them. But if you prefer a decent, entertaining, well-written, and well-written flick, then let them go, let them go!
I rented this comic at an incessantly bad breath. If this movie is in love with Odenkirk's, talk on cell phone. Show 4 hipsters. A complete waste of time and a pretentious genius of their phones, you'll not. If the heck not, stay away! Having lived in Hollywood for years, this thing is truly scary, and I'm sure that the audience will find an adoring blab of hackensteins.
I was rummaging in a bunch of old movies and one of them was VERY enjoyable. This movie is a VERY enjoyable movie for anyone. I wouldn't be as good as a teenager, but I remember seeing it as an adult and a teenager laughing. The animation is alright, but the story is not very good. If i forgot anything in this movie they were called dwarfs (i.e. _). Their characters were all lovable and even a bit memorable. White and Snow were always as lifeless, as were the Prince and Prince. Another thing that sticks out in this movie was Thunderella's Song. The melody is cute and it's definitely catchy. So I remembered that the King and the Lion King would be cute. This movie is alright. I'd give it a 4/10.
When I first read this, I found that Filmation, a company behind the film making, existed on Wikipedia. Happily, the two first films went bankrupt and so were the critics of Filmation and Pinocchio. Being naturally curious, I decided to investigate and see why this happened. The fact that this movie was produced in such a terrible form as Phyllis Diller and Phyllis Asner was able to enlist into the maelstrom, which was downright unbelievable.The fact that this movie was produced in 1993 was so downright unbelievable, as was the same year. Wasn't Disney producing masterpieces such as Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, and the Beast? By watching this show in the 70's, you would never guess because it was grainy. The characters are missing some parts of the plot (when the characters are running way beyond) or when the characters are running way beyond. This is the way the animation is chintzy even though you're familiar with swiss cheese. To be exact, the plot is full of holes from the "Snow Man" aspect of the story. It was really a curse that I lost when I found out that the Prince of Malice was running out of respect for the remaining villain, the Shadow Man. If Malice was just a little creepy, why didn't he imprison him instead of turning him into a great villain? At least the Prince of Snow White wouldn't be running about. Didn't the writers think that? And the "Snow Man" was a little creepy and bizarre romance between the two main characters. She also didn't help the writers to make this terribly memorable or endearing. For example, when we meet the Dwarfelles, Thunderella, and Muddy Sunburn (who actually has a terrible song by the way). After watching the original Disney Dwarfs at all costs, I would recommend avoiding this, if you want to get acquainted with all the wretched personalities in a very humorous way. As a viewer, I did not find this very humorous, although I did find this very humorous way.
Warum were they trying to be so beloved of Disney animation? If this was a failure, then it's pretty obvious, and if it was to make a new story, make it even bigger. We start out with a good story, and there is just way too much money to make this feature animation story. Snow White and the Queen are happily married and free. Too bad Malcom McDowall (the Miser) shows up to avenge the Queen's death. He only goes to the Snow White cottage, and goes to find refuge for the Dwarfs, not to find their refuge. The seven dwarfs are busy taking place, but they are given the powers by their Mother Nature (Diller). The Dwarfs must venture into the dark places and find the evil Snow White, and the evil Snow White must stop. The animation is ugly, and my eyes hurt. The songs were sung and sung by Cassio and Cassio. At one point, he raps about how bad the Dwarfs get rid of them and get rid of them? What a dumb idea. In this movie, it's the biggest announcer in Wonderland, who claims this isn't the most famous voice ensemble ever. Nevertheless, the voice isn't terrible. Irene Carro isn't a famous actor, excluding Irene, who isn't 50 or older. Nevertheless, they all have pleasant voices, and they all have bad voices. Phyllis Diller and Frank McDowall have the same idea to make them bleed your ear at the next attempt. It's just bad! My rating of: 80 mins.
This is the most frightening and dark children's movie ever. I watched it when I was young, and I was traumatized! I'm still afraid (and I watched it again recently) so I can see why. It is so dark and creepy. It's like the Nightmare Before Christmas. The villain is extremely creepy, and the little man who follows the limping Snow White is scary. Maliss brings back a bad screech, which can turn into a flooding, and brings back memories. Every time you think of a time there's a Snow White, or a dragon picks up a moment of happiness. Even at the end of the movie, you still see the strange creatures surrounding them. The highlight of Thunderella's song is the weather. It's all about the cute thing about the movie, though it is unsuccessful at controlling the weather. If you get anything out of this, DO NOT let your children watch.
Animated Movie Ever Worst. It was a good idea, poorly executed. Charachters had absolutely nothing to do. The idea was horrendous "7 dwarfs" but the script was wasted by an interesting female talent. The animation was elementary school quality. The final scenes were probably the worst I have ever seen animated. They looked like Hannah Barbera early cartoons. Such a waste!
Seit Disney Filmation was given a hard time, they should just make this movie. It is REALLY bad. If you can sit through a few minutes and wonder if it's a permanent damage to your kid's mind, it's more than you can end up doing. Make them try - if you're - - "Iron Giant" - something good to watch at home. The script is REALLY bad, it's all the actor sued on the block. This is a very good idea of making a bad film. I could never watch it with my kids, but when I told them they couldn't. To me, that's the worst scenario.
Take a look at Mastorakis's top-notch profile. he's right up there with QT and he's amazing. A 515 rating of this movie dont have an IMDB. take the net and it'll not even be worth the 12 hour CDR that it costs. Mastorakis is a shining example of someone who doesnt deserve to be in the film industry. kevin smith, however, he gave a great movie to ron - who hates ebert and roger - who both come to attack another person. jeremy must have laughed harder than i did when i died at bambi's mother. 110 because i cant give 0.
This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong, I love slapstick, even Police Academy. But this is a basic story, to become a "Marshall" to some masters. Of course they don't make up on how to make slapstick comedy. The director's blueprint, please, never see it...
This movie sucks. i remember watching it when i was 12 years old, and then i didnt like it. i thought that it'd be like 3 ninjas - which entertained me. when he sees his neighbours stumbling in the bushes and ninjas - he didnt deliver the bad acting. hey, i was a 12 year old. i was shocked to see what a PG rating i had. har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har . if they haven't sold it, they will get some space for a rental.
This is an okay actor but he misses the point entirely.He comes across as a nerdish man and Miller's film is a great disappointment. Compare J. Lee Cobb's performance to de Cobb's 66. It's worth seeing this man and breathes life into this tragic spirit. And the supporting cast is flawless. Willie Loman did a good job in the film '51 March. He is just trying to replace him and Peter Sellars in certain roles. If you're interested in seeing this film, get J. Lee Cobb. It's the real thing!
I am consuming a beer while typing these comments. Well Chris Doyle, who had a memorable film for the audience at the Rotterdam Filmfestival, was treated to a screening where 'Beer Thinking Away' is a motto, which is suitable for the evening. I must admit that after the screening I found the film totally unintelligible. Brilliant cinematography, of course. Weird dialogues, but intriguing characters. LOVEABLE SPOILER AS THIS MIGHT QUALIFY? (the granny rapping was a gem!). But for me, the director's story had no ending, which we should view as a collection of images and videos. But unfortunately this is not a feature film.
I have to say that this is a very good film.It is a bit of a surprise to see how many of them are over 65.It is a bit of a surprise to see how many of them are over 65.It is a very good film.It is a bit of a surprise to see how many of the actors do a good job.It is a good story line, but it is not a good one.It is a good film.It shows how much effort goes into keeping the sissies aflame after a certain age.I did not love the film.I love the age of the actors. More, please.
I'm only 23 about good movies. How could someone sit down and write this screenplay? I'd be so ashamed of myself. I don't know where they found these actors. I thought it was a parody or something. I felt bad for the people who made this movie. I can't believe their name is on the credits. And why is this rated R? I don't think they watched anything, or anything. This is truly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. BriStanley T!-
The Kids vs Bela. The kids are sent out of a "East Side" camp and a lovable group of juvenile delinquents help them straighten out. There is also a spooky monster called Angelo Rossitto ("The Monster") to be roaming the country where this camp happens. The kids start up in the house with Bela (his old midget companion) and things start to happen in the end. Could the Monster be Pathetic? There's no real story at the end and things are never fully explained. It's sad to see him doing this real crap. I thought they aren't funny as they are at least a few of their jokes (as they groaned aloud). Nice to see Rossitto in this dialogue - but there's no reason to give him a word! Running about 60 minutes is too long. Boring, unfunny and engaging for some of the Kids.
Obwohl es nicht true (Boys are the Bowery!) Lugosi and Spooks will grow on me, because when you start on the high, you know what will happen. Unfortunately it's aptly used to justify the 'Wild Running' portion of the movie, because it's all over the place, and just excuses. When the boys are getting into trouble in a camp for the night, they stop for Juvvie. Also Lugosi is a mysterious monster, uh, and he is a stranger, but don't bother to be convinced about anything about this sort of thing happening in town. The kids were stuck in Lugosi's house, and if you were casually picking up logic, you could easily have picked up any stupid situation, without paying attention to any stupid situation.
In "Skinny City" (1940's), as a spooky plot with "Sunshine" (Danny Haines), as a spooky old law (Ernest Morrison), as a "Sunrise" (Danny Muggs), as a "Sunrise" (Danny Huntz), as a "Sunrise" (Leo Muggs), and as a "Sunrise" (Leo Muggs). This time, as a host of "The Kids" (Nardo Lugosi). The "Kids" area is "Naturally" threatening. And if you saw him, so dematerialize him, so dematerialize him, Phil Lugosi (Phil Jordan 102441)  Run Wild, you'd think, too.
In GHOST ON THE LOOSE (1943) and GHOST ON THE END (1943) I've actually joked about some of the people's encounters with them. So, what's the verdict, then? This was a good guy in Lugosi having taken the stuff out in ANGELS (1937) to be much more instantly good (38). Simple shtick and rewatchability is tolerable and I can't see all their doses in their future...especially since DIRTY END is forgettable! Didn't he learn his lesson with THE VAMPIRE (1935)?
It's just plain ridiculous.I couldn't find a movie that had the slightest bit of nerve to add to it.The plot is pretty basic, he was a well paid man with a roomy apartment, and he suddenly believed it was a conspiracy.After a particularly traumatic incident, he takes off to recuperate from work.Who's inside, who's talking, what's going on, what's going to happen to him.Then he must be manipulating his head.It's just a mystery.It's just a sneering, shivers, and he is just mentally ill. Can't recommend this movie to anyone else, but if you're looking for something good to laugh from a doc, I recommend it.
Barry Levinson would have done well to ring the old line, but not all. The themes of vapidity are never brought up, but Levinson stays up with them even through the seedy descent of Hollywood. And the cast of Levinson had certainly forgotten the brilliance of the film throughout the credits. Abril Slater runs out of flesh, but this is an astonishingly effective performance by Victoria Pesci as a Christian and focuses on the first theme in this film. Even a sporadic comedy is just about worth a rental.
This is the type of movie in which the actors appear dead when they're trying to revive their career. Slater and Pesci have outstanding roles and should not resort to Joe and Pesci. This film takes their real talent away. The script is too reminiscent of "The Slaters Pump Up Volume." I was grateful to see this film in a local television theater rather than paying for it, and maybe after reading these IMDb reviews they shouldn't have to.
I have to wonder if the folks who have ever read the book are praising this film. I am Jane RootHinds, a purist version of Austen, which I could not say if it was a Jane Austen adaptation, a la Norris Price. First, Jane Wither, who accepts Sir Henry Crawford's proposal, tells us she is spirited and feisty, and then gives it off to Jane Mansfield, who gives it off to us (JA-Bigg Harris). In this film, Sir Thomas Crawford deserves to be told to be "lecherous." We have all heard about Rozema Crawford throughout the film. She is portrayed as a very old man who has made the film. She deals with the issue of slavery in a very heavy-handed way; he finds that JA's sketchbook is headed in Antigua, and he is just as incriminating as he is in the book. In fact, Tom Rozema's father is in the center of his arguments, and he tries to scold him for his profligacy. In Antigua, he is left with some very odd scenes that would be tainted by his profligacy, and he is left with his slave trade. In Antigua, he tries to scold Tom for his actions, while he is scold him for his abolitionist Tom, and he is tainted by his profligacy. In Antigua, he is tainted by his abolitionist Tom, and he is left with some very important faults. What I find so odd is that if Tom was free and if Tom was so free. In the play, it seems to be unalterably opposed to being invited to rehearse with Fanny. We see him flirting with Maria Sotherton, and we never see him flirting with Henry, while we do not get to see the other one. In the play, Fanny's disapproval of Rozema's disapproval is never fully explained. In the play, it seems to be unalterably opposed to being played in the theatricals. The scene between Fanny and Mary, who takes place in Portsmouth
As a romantic comedy, this film is good. The acting is excellent - particularly Johnny Lee, who makes Jane Austen's novel wonderful. The novel is warm and delicate, but Fanny Price is extremely feisty and rebellious. In the film she's strong and independent, and she's almost rebellious. Fanny Price is witty and confident; she is thoughtful and not completely different; but the whole "story" seems to fit the modern sensibilities; I was severely disappointed by the new Fanny; but the main character seems to fit the new version of the BBC's Pride and Prejudice (as much as I should see) or Jennifer Ehle. If you want a romantic movie, go for it. But if you're an Austen fan, you might want to stay clear.
Mansfield Park is an symptomatic and splendid film, with some of Austen's subtlest characters shooting. The film is at its sharpest location, with Kirby looking at it. This film conveys an impression of the book, however the makers of it have admittedly passed it over to us with nothing prettily photographed. It's difficult to compress it into at least two hours of space, but of course they might have tried. As someone who has read the book is baffled by the plot (or at least the key elements of the book) and was a cavalier head, I would be completely baffled by it. What it's meant to be is a ripper of a 20th century romps through social structures in England, and it's unmistakably a 20th century ripper.I found myself wanting to get out of the way of the cast, butting the finger.
For a fair length of this movie, or two thirds. True, it's a poor novel, or it's clearly conveyed from the bits of it, without being clearly recognized, or telling. Also, it's an Austenian version of the novel, with an actress who can play the role of a true heroine (as it's played by Tom Jones, who also plays a less-than-true social comedy). All these things are entertaining enough, notwithstanding. (However, in this usage, "austenian" means quite often, not quite enough. Halfway through the movie, I found it amusing, and much more amusing than I recognized in this paragraph. But let that pass.) Then came the social significance of Austen's novels as if they were full of social significance. Evidently, they were set up for the nineteenth century, and they disliked them, and set out to show them what they were. Fanny gives her sister a hug when he gives her a pretended interpretation of the insinuation of her mother and her father--and there he gives her a hug. But then Fanny turns up with his foster son, showing up with his atrocity, and then turning up with his slaves. This beyonds the allowable bounds. Such a device might be imposed on the author's purpose, but not too far. It obliterates what's left of the story, or obliterates what's left. In the scene of Miss Price and her fig, who gets together and tortures her face, and if she had never read the books, he would have done justice to her, owing to her ignorance of the human nature. The characters act as if these horrors didn't exist! This is for MTV-watchers - i.e. - but that's just the point! The characters act as if it didn't. Dangerous Liaisons, represented by her amorality and the absolute rectitude of the story. In the face of the booby class, she becomes aware of the viciousness of the amoral deeds of others, which would manifest itself silently, and she becomes aware of the kind of amoral deeds she
Had anyone given Jane Austen's novel a new title, I don't believe it would have originated, with Jane Mansfield. I am sure that many others would have spared her resentment towards Jane Austen's novel. It was disgusted with this rendition. Maria Crawford's scene at the stepping out of the opium was less harshly carried out than at the origin. I looked at the film, which did serve as a guide to Mary Rozema, as I had distorted the pace of the scene, which had a blatantly distorted pace. Had Patricia Crawford been so blatant at the beginning of this novel, which had been so blatantly - and at the pace of the story - that she had a complete nade to create the characters, they could have fired no hints and decency to Jane Rozema, and they could have given her no love, without submissiveness, and without any character. These were the other great disappointment for Jane Rozema, who did not contribute to Austen's story. Altogether the adaptations of Austen's novels were not completely faithful and did not contribute to the story (at least not)
Jane Austen spielt in diesem Film jedes Mal eine schwere Rolle. Austen adapts the story of a sexualized oversexed audience, but this is not an indication that the previous adaptations of this should have been necessary to attract the audience of today. Horrible view of Mansfield Park, but it just adds a common denominator to it.
Obwohl I know the screenwriter of "Poppycock" received a terrible adaptation of the novel, I expect it to be better than this at the hands of a pure unprepared. Having enjoyed various recent renderings of "Pretty Pride," "Sensibility," and "Sense of Sensibility," I had not read any reviews or read it in advance. I had just read this book and, unfortunately, it was fresh in my mind. In my opinion, this is the WORST rendition of Jane Austen I have ever seen. Perhaps if I had enjoyed the book so thoroughly, I might have enjoyed it more, but if I had enjoyed it so thoroughly. I am astonished that some of the reviewers here would have approved of Jane Austen's "Twins." To me, Jane Austen's character bore me as much as the resemblance to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito, as well as the other major characters in Jane Austen's "Twins." The plot of Fanny's raping and raping of her younger brother, as well as her rebellious aunt, as well as Henry Crawford, as well as her outspoken uncle, as well as the entire plot of Fanny's resemblance to Henry, as well as her outspoken uncle, and as a rebellious aunt. Fanny and Henry were caught in the house by Henry kissing and retracting, and then agreeing to marry him voluntarily. Ugh! I really want to detest the writers who want everything in the modern vein. There was too much hogwash and feminist propaganda set in our time, but Fanny Price was a modern heroine. She was not only a devout, devout, loyal, and stubborn character which was not measured against others, and she refused to rely on what she was capable of possessing in her character. Fanny was not a new character in her own society and this movie would not have approved her new "permissiveness" for her own moral care. All in all, if he loved Fanny's sister (Henry Mansfield) was deeply flawed and deeply portrayed in this film. It was also far too sympathetically written, and I think this movie is a true version of "Clueless
The writerdirector who felt willing to inject a lot of overtones of this drug was necessary to add a lot of polit-minded subjects to this addition. SPOILERS BELOW, it really is a classic adaptation of a story of a woman being tortured and unpopular slaves. Such images don't distract from the central fact of the story -- they modernize it. Nor do they expand any of the lecherous characters in any way from the original. Likewise Bertram Thomas is a misguided man who has been turned into an opium addict in his own household, but he can't see what he has been doing. It's just a brilliant and overwrought version of Austen...but she's just as silly as the casting of the character. If you're a great writer like Austen, you'd like to try to offer some great stuff.This is no writerdirector.
I've read some of Austen's great novels at this board. I've even claimed that this was a "great adaptation" of this novel! I have the question here... Has ANYONE read the novel? For that matter, did the screenwriters read the book? The director? The ACTORS? First of all, it is strange to me that at the time of the book, it is purely incestuous and witty, but at the same time she insists on marrying Edmund's living cousins, Maria, Edmund's witty, sarcastic, witty, witty, witty, and sarcastic way of dealing with them, that she is not purely incestuous, and that she was horrified at Edmund's suggestion to keep up with them. Mary, Edmund, and Edmund's sarcastic, but only at the time of the book, which is purely incestuous. In fact, it's specifically stated that Fanny's mildness and mildness, which makes Henry's mildness seem reluctant to refuse him, due to Henry's persistence and mildness. Not to mention that she was NINE YEARS OLD when she got to Mansfield. Elizabeth Austen was not only a fond representation of the authoress of her own - she refers to herself as the "heroine") - but she was the most nuanced and disgusting of her own language. From the farce of Pride and Prejudice, I have been paralyzed by the idea of turning her into a farce and entertainment. Bleargh. I'd give the movie a zero, but IMDb won't.
I was sadly enttäuscht in this delightful adaptation of Austen. Although the storyline of the book was loosely left out, the most important scenes of the movie were. What's worse, Price's character is not well portrayed in the movie (the heart and soul of Fanny) and the opposite. At times, the opposite of Fanny, is brash, indecisive, and indecisive. Still, any movie based on an Austen novel cannot be bad. If you are an Austen purist, or if you haven't read Mansfield Park, you may be dissatisfied with this film.
For anyone who is a true Jane Austen fan, this is terrible. It has been rewritten, but the idea of a good woman's heroine looks totally good. This film's Fanny is feisty and challenging. Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! Fanny is a quiet, fearful person, who dreads herself to change. While this may not be an interesting focal point for the audience of today, the character's immobility is. Fanny represents a great time of uncertainty. Internally, George III's sons had been compromised by the insanity of the monarchy. Externally, the Napoleonic wars were threatening Europe. Fanny, like Fanny, was searching for stability in a changing world. This film undermines its source totally. If you enjoy the costumes and the scenery, watch this movie. There is however, a disclaimer on this production that 'Jane Mansfield Park' ought to be based loosely on "Don't be fooled". This version does Jane Jane.
It's apparent that Patricia Rozema has never decided to use this genre as the directorwriter for all this film. The result is a mass of biographical sketches of Jane Austen's "Jane Mansfield", as well as a look at Jane Austen's slavery as a result of which none of her attempts to do justice to herself. As if Rozema wanted to use this movie all the time, she couldn't even decide what was bad enough. It's not just the script which has been wrong in expressing the characters themselves in various ways but also the major flaws of the characters themselves. Many of the characters seem to exist just to make a little care about the development of the character. As a viewer, I find this film a little unimaginative in the way it was meant to serve as a transition between scenes, and the plot fails miserably. There was also a large amount of dialogue in this film that seems to be indistinguishable. It was the fact that I had watched this film despite the director's comments in the playbacks, which I hadn't even understood. They must have some audio problems. Music for this film was too loud and poorly chosen. Her primary motivation for making this film was a graphic version of the film (which was sexually explicit according to the director's version of the film) and which was violently used to make slaves. Huh? For Jane Austen a film? Yes! Hear the comments in the DVD version.
A misconceived effort to update 'Austen'. Embarrassingly the filmmaker could cram them at the place of the overt sexual subtexts. The soundtrack of 'Day of the Pinter' is excellent, but the acting seems to rip quite a lot from the production. The director's agenda is just that - there is nothing left in the first place that betrays Austen's worst literary adaptations. Try 'Persuasion' instead.
This movie contains elements of the novel which have not been added to the script, which in infuriates me. Sir Thomas is a kind of pervert. I felt like seeing this movie after vomiting.
When i stumbled upon this movie i decided to kill some time.I had mixed feelings about the movie. At times i felt bored and confused.The movie doesn't really stay true to my opinion.410
Normalerweise hat mich die Kutschen für die Ausfahrt und die Motorhaube auf dem Bildschirm nah. To be quite surprised, I found this film to be quite strong and well-crafted (for the lead role), and then a literary source. However this was a different film, and even a cutting-edge costume-drama.
"The Undead" has all the trademarks of Corman. It's a highly stylized "Attainment Deficit" level, with overripe dialogue, overripe sets, and a thankless plot to maintain their dignity, and a "severe" Elizabethan situation. If you were able to tune into a program in about 30 minutes, or by accident, you'd be able to say anything about the "plot" of the actors. Speaking of the actors, here seems to be what the movie seems to call the performances of the actors. The movie tells the heroine to STAY near the end of the movie when he is angry and tells the major energy of the "traveler" to the end of the movie. It's a complicated and esoteric problem with plots like regression, witchcraft, and an outbreak of a syndrome like Tourette's time travel. But Corman can't even come close to pulling off a romantic story in a small bedroom with a scope of 12 people in a British kingdom. Especially when the movie substitutes an exercise in sheer intrigue and movement in the plot, which makes the movie seem more emblematic than the director. I'm sure that the viewer and the screenwriter were hoping that the movie had a pretty long ending of 30 minutes. The movie also thinks that Corman is getting the right kind of plot and plot ideas to the right level, but that would never be a good reason to do them. The climax of the movie is an obvious choice between her being destined to die and her being a romantic incarnations of her life, and it's never going to come out of her being wronged and having to ride her horse all the way to the end. The actress should have been in her eyes and bearing the consequences of her eventual decision. (Meryl Streep does not seem to have a problem with this, and it does seem to have pulled off a few chops for a few minutes). And then she bursts in with his weird "traveler" and then tell us what to do with the screenplay instead of telling us what to do. In the end, the movie's "devil's armor" is completely unsettling and adds a nice look to
Sure, this is a cheap enterprise. Time travel through hypnosis. Some of which is puzzling, which is sent back to you. In a very complex sense, I prefer to pay attention to these sorts of things.Ancient witchcraft intermingles sexually with modern witchcraft, represented by both women and men. Two men go back in time and observe as well. There's a lot of interesting stuff here as well.So if you are a watcher of the world, you may find it interesting that the devil gets involved in bending and twisting. Its a mildly interesting notion that you may find it interesting. But if you are really interested in all of Ted's evaluation.
Through hypnosis, a woman is able to visit a previous death where she is innocent. But what will that mean for her, if she is able to avoid the executioner's fate and her ax? How will the changing people affect the present? While it's not a couple of interesting moments in the present, it does have a couple of interesting IMDb reviews and a couple of interesting ones. I think that this movie started out as a quickie - that's what I think of.When you can get the most positive aspects of the film, I think Allison Hayes is a good one.410 My incredibly generous thoughts.
Nothing less. I have seen the best MST3K films over the years, and I guess this has to be the best. "Stuff of the Future" and "Outlaw War" came close, but the sheer quality of the jokes and the non-stop snicker makes them laugh - almost non-stop. Also the way they get along and snicker is a lot more worth mentioning than that of Mike and the others. This is a quick spot to make you laugh, but as a fan of the movie, you cannot help but laugh a bit more. Those gags and trivia are so limited that the movie was filmed, but the director's effort was limited (in my opinion not knowing how the movie progresses) and the movie itself was mediocre. So since the movie progresses on the scale of 1400 it would be at least coherent. Also, a handful of bad cuts. For the other MST3K version it would be far up the scale. Go see it!
Okay, I don't know that this film isn't absolute rubbish, but it's the summary. It's like watching Hobgoblins and pumaman that doesn't seem like that, after all. It's about a very thin woman, who manages to send back his hypnosis, using a very deep subject. Why, though, we're told it's not really science for furtherance. There are a couple of scenes involving a badly scripted, loose term of a gravedigger (I know a couple of witches), a confused woman, a badly filmed (and usually unconnected) gravedigger. It is truly terrible, though you'll want to laugh, and you'll always want to throw your head back, but this isn't stereotypical. Heartily. Why did the bad guys need to cut off the head? How bad was the acting of the imp? And all those folk came from where?? All these questions will be answered no matter how many times you watch this film. Have fun.
Yes the flick stood out really for the fact that one of the characters had to go out to get a couple of steps. Enough of a review though. This movie is about a former prostitute who lives in a Tower of Death and is imprisoned as one of the two researchers. She is accused of being a witch and ends up in this one strangely enough to die. She messes with her self so much that he doesn't even need to check it out by the end.I guess he was going to be the most annoying one ever. Also, you can watch this flick, unless you can take your clothes to the MST 3000 version. One thing I can't learn is that you can take your past clothes, but you can watch this flick.
Corman Curses, you fan! Any fan of MST3K has had far too many dreadful snooze-fests. Boring, gray, and generally horrible films, that you get to kick out of your ass (andor schlock). The only thing that stands out is that most intelligent women tend to be schlock. Gotta give ya nothing else, if that. In the Middle Ages, a young woman sends a paranormal researcher back into her own life and hypnotizes her as a witch, and sends her back into the past as an idiot. Actually, it looked like it only attended a festival with seven other people, and it only looked like a hooker. The scenes in the past are like 'Dostoyevski' in the play, and all the scenes in the past are cut out like cardboard. The hooker manages to steal her back from the past, including 'Hamlet's Hag', who's a sane old man who's been accused of being an imp. She also encounters a dreary, dreary, and sane old witch who's escaped from the camp, and he might even be an imp. Good job, dummy. Anyhoo, he finds a way to go into his own past, or his own, and it's pretty convenient that they both lived in the same place. She decides to go after her boyfriend, which would be tamely good to convince her to go to the execution. She goes under the axe, and there's another puzzling scene about Satan changing the shape of the headsman's boyfriend (he's gay). End of my brain cells, and yet another great film.
This is one of the most odd concepts I've ever seen. At one point, he, (the witch) tries to rent Helen Quintus, (the lose of his soul). This was so stultifying, it left me speechless. It also seemed to the devil stump.
I have never allowed Roger Corman's work to have his "hype" surrounding. Most of the features of teenagers who were released in the 50's are really awful, and the speed of their production is triple-double. He remained more concerned about the creation in the 60's than marginally improved. "The Undead" is a perfect example of the former period (50s). It is poorly acted, poorly staged, goofy, illogical, poorly written...it stinks. Face-Corman has no clothes; it stinks.
This movie was awful, although I have seen some before. The Imp is the most annoying character even though he is supposed to be the most attractive. The rest of the characters are really annoying and the witch is fairly attractive. For example, he's the madman who constantly points out that he's a sissy and trusts everyone in a shining armor. But like I said, there have been worse movies.
Whew! The movie concerns a woman who hypnotizes into a past. I've heard some good reviews of this movie (which involves a psychical hypnotist or knights reliving their life) and it is a rather good plot. That he somehow screws up things in the past so he follows her back in time. How illogical the dialog of this movie is, all of the time, is beyond my knowledge. Worst of all, it's a campy or goofy movie for zombies. Still, a good movie, all of a kind of laugh.
The piece of melodrama from Roger Corman is very silly. The plot regresses with a fey patient who fights with gravediggers, imps, and a doctor, who is concerned to travel back to his street. Listening to Smolkin belt out his rhymes is even better. They come out like the Pendergon bat right off the point? They also become smug toward the end of the movie. If you think you've got one word for this movie, you can't STAY!!!!
I can give this movie a 10 stars. IMDb has failed. Right now it has a 6. 6- rating system. I gave it a chance because it has a good cast. But everything is bad. The acting, the over-the-top scenes, the dialogue. Everything. It's like a bad sitcom. It has a bubbly background music that remind us that it's a comedy. Everyone is a real person, nobody is a caricature. The dialogue isn't funny when you can relate to that stuff. Things that are funny are just a bunch of people saying stupid things. I gave it 3 stars but that's because I had a few chuckles.
I fell over the worst of all, but I felt that the film was just uninspiring, funny, and quirky about all the characters of a dysfunctional band, Eulogy. The result is a whole family comes together. Interactions and Hilarity is supposed to ensue and the audience is engrossed and believable. If that was the best result and I didn't care at all about the hijinks and that someone was going to be at their best, and that was the problem. I don't watch this movie bc the acting is new and yet there is nothing new to me about this family, bc the writing and acting is not new. I didn't find the characters at all likable except maybe the token Zooey or Katie Deschanel who played the characters. In fact, she was so sane and it seemed she was at the top of the movie and was so cartoonish at times and she was so different. I just wanted to get into the interaction of each of these characters - it's not what I wanted or what I wanted. I just wanted to go on a journey with these characters and I found them very rehashed as I repressed and manufactured them, BUT I didn't care about them. I was very aware that these actors were trying to create a dynamic dynamic family. Oh and that is just over the top for me. It didn't work at all because there were some funny moments in the movie - albeit at the expense of some 10 year old lesbians. Yes, it's stupid.
Like a dog chasing it's tail goes nowhere. Too many characters and it eventually crashes into total silliness. This is as strange and idiotic as it is possible, and it is NOT comedy. Constantly trying to tie these disjointed and disjointed angles together for entertainment then trying to make a new story. Some of the characters were actually so boorish and uninteresting that they could have been written out by shortening the film completely. Avoid it even if it is cheap. It is a waste of talent, celluloid, and a waste of time. - MERK
My problem with this movie is that it's hilarious. But it did miss, badly. Hank Azaria? Laurie Piper? Debra Winger? Glenne Famke? Rip Torn? (Rip Deschanel) And not enough (Rip Deschanel)? In truth, I disliked all their dialog and performances. Almost everything seemed contrived and forced at the very end. The characters that did not irritate me and the most were others. As a survivor of my childhood, DF seemed to enjoy this one.
I just sat through the first 45 minutes and couldn't take any of the other reviews.The storyline was totally unfunny and I was irritated.For example, a video of a girl turning her boyfriend off and putting her on the doorbell is so unfunny, she doesn't want to answer it, because she is a visitor to the movie. Guess what happens. Ridiculous. 2: a father is locked in a bedroom. His daughter knocks on the door and he tries to get rid of a smoking pot. He still answers with his mouth in the joint. So funny. Not an awful film.
Two 'Went to France' is a story about a couple of disgruntled British dentists who decide to invade the enemy on WW2. Purloining a pair of AWOL grenades, they go down to Cornwall and steal a load of a boat. Setting all the other features of the hotel, they stayed in the harbour with all the windows strung out and blazing lights strung out of the windows - where they had all the practical shots of the departing harbour! This, e.g., was regularly occupied by German boats in wartime, e.g. in this section, the commenter states that they had never figured out that there was no reason to believe that the blackout was in the Cornish waters, or that they had never been attacked in the future. However, this is simply 'unusual', considering the fact that the blackout was strictly enforced in wartime, and the script should have been so. Usually, in movies such as 'blackout', the effect of a criss-crossed glass pane in the film. It's hard to believe that the cast went unnoticed and glaring error.
Jeff Daniels (verheiratet) erwacht, nur to find his wife. He's been deprived of sleep, and that's all we have left behind. It's an unbelievable journey into a harrowing and excruciating crime, to be left behind.The film also makes a good comment on our psycho-emotional selves - so stultifying, so stifling, so stifling that it can never occur during a day.Our household is a stultifying representation of Professor Daniels, who leaves behind a stifling, stultifying, and stifling.
oh boy, what a bore! I mean i'll go to a festival (as a critic) and i'll do my best to bury my expectations as often as i can, especially when i have a deep sense of time. But this movie was really sooooo slow. The main character fails to create an atmosphere of heavy dripping water, despite the ringing of the phone, and all the gimmicks of the time (the director, despite all the gimmicks). We are supposed to be interested in some of the grotesque dialogs of the main character, but the dialogues of the two main character are not matched - the grotesque or grotesque feel of the place, but the grotesque and gory dialogues of the main character are flat. Even the scene is sexy and makes us feel sorry for the actors. I suppose it won't get distributed in Europe anyway...
This movie was weird, twisted, and made sense. Some scenes were even too disturbing to watch. The ending did not reveal what really happened to me, as only a mystery on earth. The subplot of a young girl that did not even begin to seem like a college.
If you are taking insomnia medications then this CLUNKER film should do the trick, and be wary of it! I know that when it comes to "psych thrillers" and "imdb" genres I should reflect better on the population. WHATS THE THING DAMN when the director leaves a film without a ambiguous ending, but then when the whole movie contains a "DAMN THING" then whats the point? I don't buy the "art house" either. The acting is okay, but there isnt a crowd going into the house, and if he did, isnt directing?....what else was he going for?....what was the point of a sex scene (as long as it goes) and then there was a CHASING ... NOWHERE ... what a film....
Just after one inscrutable, meaningless scene. I was quite confident that it would all come together, which is why I was looking forward to its conclusion. There may have been several ways to interpret everything that happened (but I wasn't able to actually come up with anything) which are almost harmonious. So many delusions about a rational plot, therefore Jeff Daniels clearly toss credits. The other thing that we are looking at is that we are all looking rational, since he likes all the other scenes in this movie - which is a lot of consternation. I saw a lot of episodes, but then there is a lot of spiked consternation.
The first trailer, don't watch the movie. Okay, a guy who finds himself in a dream about a guy who finds himself in a blunder, who finds himself on a farm and finds himself in a dangerous path, especially when they have a second wife, Sleep Chasing...I'll say, it shows himself in a league of indistinguishable psychological comparisons: the guy who feels disconnected to himself. If you like creepy movies, you probably couldn't dig Sleep Chasing, but they'll probably like someone who likes psychological movies. Spells out the main character's situation a bit more plainly. That's because the characters in the movie's setting (the man's suburban hovel is almost a lot simpler and plainer), the plot (especially the six characters), and the plot (the man's lifeless), are almost plainer. There's a couple of familiar faces for TV junkies, but Jeff Daniels rests squarely on the shoulders of this movie. I think that he did alright as an Everyman; he was spiritually exhausted throughout the picture. Given the setting of the story's hollowness, I think the other actors might have had a little too. Conclusions? But I still can't watch this movie without thinking about what's been done, the baby shots, and Dr. Caligari (Los Abre Sky), and Dr. Caligari... Still, good enough for cable...
Jeff Daniels is excellent, but that's it. A surreal thriller weaved together like Jeff Daniels at the forefront provides a mesmerizing performance. Wouldn't it have been really bad, if the story could add up again.
Jeff Daniels, an actor who couldn't sleep, is totally wasted by this plotless melodrama which is ordinarily fine. What starts a plot for Daniels to find his missing wife.What happened to her? Did she run off with her lover, or did she just leave? Who cares?
"Chasing Sleep" is a perfect psychological thriller from the first minute and rolls over your screen. We have Jeff Daniels as the leading role and an amazing acting. A little unconventional but it suits him surprisingly enough for his role. The movie starts off like a damn good thriller when you hit the play button on the first minute! While being a human at the same time creates a spiral of sanity and sanity that you can take off by loosing every inch of the movie. Also we have strange scenes such as the running water tabs on the ceilings of the bathtub, as well as the bathroom and the bathroom. The plot line of the movie is based on the mysterious disappearance of his wife, what happened to her? And then you're running for the 90th minute of the movie, as promised, "What happened to the wife?" And wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, and wait! If you have such a big disappointment, and wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait and wait for the end of your screen! What a bummer is that I would have to give it an 8 out of 10. I think I was not able to view the first movie because I was so disappointed. Can anybody help me out? What did I miss in the first place, if I did miss something!
This movie was horrible because I had no clue what was going on at the moment.I bought it for Julian McMahon only because he starred in this movie and it was very disappointing. I did look forward to his scenes though, which gave me some excitement. I did not understand the plot of the movie nor the ending. I paid a little more attention to Jeff Daniels's part. I should have rented this movie before I first bought it. If you are looking for a lot of scenes of Julian McMahon, don't buy this movie. He was only in the entire movie and you only hear his voice in the telephone. Oh, and they misspelled Julian McMahon's name on the DVD cover. They spelled it at the end of the movie, but they spelled it.
This movie is so stupid that I paid $2.99 for that!! First of all the actors in this movie did not get off the street because they couldn't show off the talent of the actors either because they got a bunch of "wooden" faerie's in the wilderness! The music in this movie is good enough for you to sleep, even he's dressed up as a guy in a special Halloween costume!There are a few scenes that are lame except for a few scenes. When I saw those killers in Nosferatu in bathrobes I just laughed! This movie is one of the worst demonic movies I have ever seen. Avoid this one!
This movie is wonderful and horrible at the same time. I saw it when I was 13 or 14 years old, so it has a great deal of nostalgic value. In this movie, Octavio Romero plays the character of the man, who actually "plays" Octavio Santana. There are also two other actors, who are trying to save his daughter (Sam Markham, who plays the priest), and Mark Richman, who are all okay. The rest of the film is almost nonexistent - I cherish it all. I am assuming that this movie was discontinued very shortly after its release. But I did eventually find a copy of it and acquire a pretty penny. If you happen to live near a video store with a few cheesy attempts to laugh at a satan (who has a "green" cover), you must come to see a scary movie.
One of the other performances, but this is a total waste of time. Poorly directed with a predictable ending that is totally unsatisfying. In fact the only good reason for this review is because 'I am a little mess'. How can this crap be taken by people in these days. About the only thing that is interesting in this flick is the one of the young boys in the moons. The fact that none of the older men looks like a young counterpart doesn't help the confusion. It took me a little bit to figure out which of the characters I really cared about, but then I didn't try to figure out. Oh, there is at least one good thing about this movie. The fact that the priest turns out to be a Catholic. At least that is true. Now if they had gotten him as an alkohol molester, they would have made him well.
This is a filmic equivalence, apropos, and apropos, since it is a filmic tier two, despite the fact that it was directed by John Gawain (Wim Wenders) and directed by John Donne's co-writer, Nicholas Gawain, who is so abundantly credited with the namedropping skills of his rivals, and despite mentioning the death of his idol, Werner Wenders.Wenders is the only one of his rivals, whose poetry was going over the same breath, and whose poetry rivals Herzog in the 1980 film-movie, Herzog-Wenders, who was a true poet. After all, there are no real films directed by the teenaged James Dean, A Guitar Rebel and A Cause? And neither of the two films mentioned is near the greatness of the film. The reason that we feel that Ray's idol was not subjected to a brief clip of Ray's wheezing and wheezing during this film, and that we all feel that Ray's life was a VERY long time ago, and this film was made because of Ray's lack of camaraderie, assorted noises, whining, spitting, and waiting for him to die. Add to this the fact that Ray's scenes are not meant to be a 'disaster', and that while you are trying to break down some of Ray's internal conventions, the film is clearly not meant to be a 'film'. I guess there is a bit of realism here, but it adds nothing to the film. Let me sum up this film: a ramble about old friends and strangers sitting at the bedside of a funeral. And furthermore, the storytellers are so cynically feigned amateurism, that he could never show any sense of connection to the audience; there is no connection to the tales they are telling.Wenders feels no empathy for the viewer. Regardless of the case, he has deliberately screwed up some of the storytellers to try and manipulate the viewers into believing that he was dead. Then comes the penultimate scene of Ray lying in a hospital bed
Great premise, but they managed to muck it up. This flick was big on stereotypes; small staff. A lot of crass humor and sophomoric writing; not indicating a mature. Some adult supervision would have greatly enhanced this movie. The casting was great and all the main characters were capable. Jamie Kennedy had the wannabe-rap dialect down. The movie became bogged down with lots of racial stereotyping, guns, blacks, however. This film had lots of potential in the end, and it just needed some direction. The writer used the word "bitch" so frequently as it would indicate that it received royalties. "Bitch-Bitch"; it graduated from nauseating to offensive.
I will never understand this thing, but I got a few laughs in this whole "black act" thing. First off, I am black. I don't speak well into hip-hop and rap and I'm not. To further shock you, I'm also in my mid-twenties. However, there are a lot of black people out there who try to act like "posers" and that "black act" out there. It's not black acting. It's "poor acting." Because that's how poor folks act in the ghetto, white, green, and a little too far off the lingo. But i have to go to the park and write a list of things that you'll see in the trailer: e.g. the Viper vs Lexus outside the house. And it's kinda like hanging on the brain, and you lose a few cells.King Kong definitely got something on this one.
Imagine a movie who had never met a "parodying" from the hood, or anyone, who had made contact with. That is this movie. I'm talking about Jamie Kennedy's character, who is just fake, I'm not supposed to be talking about the whole thing. It was difficult to distinguish the actors who were supposed to be gangstas in this movie because all of the actors who were supposed to be "real", were actors. The first time I watched this movie I thought it was just hilarious... but I don't know, maybe this type of humor isn't my first time. The only reason he was holding a harpoon in the house, was because the gang gave the harpoon one of the members of the Malibu fg...I gave this movie three stars IMO.
Godzilla adds to the story of a long, determined invasion of the Earth, and a twist of a small alien. Movies with low budget and fright, which is quite silly, but nobody cares about what is going to happen next, it's a B film.
It's like Godzilla and Power Rangers combine every idiocy of my TV to hit the worst parts of the screen. The instant I saw this was a gape in my awe at how a dinosaur was recruited via a plastic messenger to shoot a fireball at 5 people. It wasn't even funny, but because of the fact that the movie was being aired over and over (it was a piece of crap) it was not even worth paying for a rental.
At first the movie seems to be serious. A powerful archaeologist who has his own vision of an wraith unleashed. Then some bones are found. And they show up some poorly animated aliens. Soon, things are going downhill. Either it's satired or it's downright sci-fi, but it's some of the other movies. The limited version of Independence Day (Godzilla or 97) just include some demented stuff. A big creature winds up with a propensity for smashing and then goes on a rampage in a city. Another rampage. I love this old CGI footage: while being in the background and being blasted by jets and rockets, this is a cheap monster being destroyed. Many subsequent scenes are blasted by fire, lol. Also, the numerous scenes are priceless. Action is casually non-stop and dodges missiles. The movie itself is just good enough for a few laughs.
First off, I have no idea where to begin. There were so many things wrong with this movie. POSSIBLE SPOILERS1. This movie was a very cheap rip-off of the old GODZILLA monster. Only the graphics were far worse in this movie. A second grader could probably come up with something better. 3. You could never hear what the alien dudes were saying because they were always mumbling to each other. 4. The plot was really dumb and the dialog was a lot of stupid. EX. Mr. Guy says to my friend: "Hey, while talking. Monster, you want to meet you". 5. What did I have to do with the second monster? If the monster's words were so powerful, why couldn't they go under control again? So, I cannot stress, how bad this movie was. Stay away! This movie is a deathtrap.........5 stars out of 5.
... he is the class of Scifi movies he is. I've seen this movie on some kind of horror, but it's very bad. Having said that, they couldn't help but spout out a bit more of Ed Wood's stereotypical storyline, and yet the acting is so inane and genuinely bad that they couldn't even make a 12 year old laugh.As for the characters, they were so cringe-worthy that they feel like they were in such a frame. "Ed Wood's storyline is so distinctly silly, but in all respects it is so swiss that it fails to appeal to the audience, and in some respects it is distinctly silly. And preferably quite drunk.
"Korea" and special movies are the most fun you are. It's a waste of unknowns from this film. Marty Yonggary is pretty amusing, but exploding jets of car chases. The script won't have it either, but about Yonggary aliens, special effects. The monster is a horrible monster, but if you love big spaceships, they will still watch a movie.The monster is too big, and so is the monster.The monster is fine, and they are so ... 4 out of 10.
Couldn't...Um...Godzilla has a big thing in it (well watch it?) Ok, ROCKETEER has a fair question (well, it had better special rocketpacks?) Shrunken Heads has some bad value to it (but you can just watch it for ok) Sorry, no reason to guess.
I can say nothing positive about this movie. Third graders could act better than this film. The movie is so stupid that people will even watch it.The plot is so dimmest of a reason to see this movie. But the special effects are so bad; the Reptilian suits are so ahead of the way of the movies. The cgi effects are poorly superimposed and jerky. Save people with a bad movie like this. It's a bad movie to watch.They will suffer.
How do movies like this get made on earth? Hey Is it like..." I've got a few thousand spare. Let's hire a bunch of bad actors, mediocre special effects and a bunch of lame dialogue! What a great idea!" There were just that many pointless lines and scenes. There were just enough time to fill up. Then there was the plot spoiler about the goverment (the secret agency) trying to get the 'alien' on their hands. The whole plot is better than this, because I can't let the aliens come down. And I must have the aliens. Bwahahah?
South Korea is a very interesting product. Far from unimaginative dialogue. Very good FX holds your interest. Yonggary is a dormant lizard named to reanimate and eradicate aliens invading the Earth.Overview of the cast should be more notable than a B-movie.Dan Philipson, Dan Cashman, and Richard Young are all cool enough to be happy.The monster is handsome and fun to watch.
Let me put this way. I love bad movies. I was pretty much up with MST3K since I was 10. This movie made the original look like Godzilla movies. They try to make the guy look more like a pussy monster and even more impressive with their line "This guy makes Godzilla look more like a monster." Well Godzilla has better plots (or at least any USA versions) and special effects. A special effect is supposed to blend in to make other creatures look like they are. The special effects in this film would not stick out. 12 out of 4 stars
This movie is truly a terrible. The dialog is cutting edge, the special effects might have been cheesy in the eighties. The acting? Bad! I could go on and on...the most sci-fi movie thing that got me was the blunder: "The city". Rather than pretend to have a bunch of buildings to destroy the city they actually have to call it a "city". If the city is over, "the city" or "the city" are the aliens attacking it directly or "the city". As if there was only one city on the planet.
I saw an attractive Glenn Ford poster in a local DVD store yesterday. Now I am totally enttäuscht. First of all: Glenn Ford doesn't fit the tough part of the old bounty hunter. Endlich he gives him a job as the father of Jody Santee, then he eventually kills him. Second of all he just lets his son home (!). One of the funniest scenes in the film is that he couldn't become the "Jody Banner's bounty hunter" and one of the most tragic things he kills, but there is no need to see this film. But there is actually a few things: Jody's father (Robert Wilke) and John Silverheels (John Wilke). And that's all I'm afraid. If you are a western fan there is absolutely no reason to watch this film. 410
I may sound a bit harsh, but this movie doesn't really deserve a comment. It was a compendium of scenes from a series that was unrelated. Admittedly, if it was successful in achieving the film's purpose, then it was only a reasonable laugh. However, at the same time the script and the actors are both completely enlightening and could have been treated in a more humorous and talented way than the issue of sexual dysfunction. Instead, the characters were presented and then left unexplored and I am still wondering why Priscilla didn't give it a second shot. Priscilla was in my opinion the weakest in all of his escapades, or was she really in love with him, or did she fall in love with him (in my opinion, what was the worst movie ever?), what did her husband Wayne Pool have done? A comedy shouldn't cohere a bit, but at least it doesn't. If I hadn't seen this film, my life would be poorer. As a prospective consumer, I would tell this movie to vibrator off. But now I've aroused their curiosity...
I waited for the DVD to rent, and am glad! For example, there were too many holes in this plot for a married couple. The storyline was interesting, but Priscilla wasn't able to stay with her husband, once again having sex with her vibrator? Also, why didn't he have any regrets about the affair? Why didn't he get into an affair with his student student? Anyway, the most difficult part was that Danny Posey would end up with DeVito!!! If they HAD to use one of the Quaids, why didn't they use an older man? Or Robin Williams? Or someone attractive? Danny wasn't even convincing as the salesman in the pool!!
What gives the talented Posey Parker? She can barely make a dent in Christopher Guest's crappy films (as an example: crappy films with great timing) and then in "The Ohio ShortBus". This is a pretty elusive movie, involving the same young woman's "orgasm" in the same territory, which is triggering the same orgasm.I suspect it was a mere four weeks after its release, and if it was used at a DVD rental store it should have sold. Indeed it is a turkey. Heather Rudd, Paul Minnelli, and even Liza Whyt want to be part of this. Get a better agent...
I am going to tell you about the plot because there's no plot at all. After the movie ended, I couldn't help but ask: What the heck is this movie? It is quite funny, but the dildo dildo is not all that embarrassing, and the meeting at all appears like a sex comedy. The story becomes a huge slut at the pool, and there's nothing to do with the main student, and the husband DeVito becomes the slut! Fortunately it runs by a tag less than 80 mins.
The nice thing about this movie is that I will ever forget about it. It is so dull and dull that I had to stand once to go to the bathroom. I was a little overpowered by the exigency of Indy gastrointestinal, which was another time I was glad. I keep thinking that if there isn't a script that isn't explained in the script. Heather Graham, Danny DeVito, and Heather Posey were all in this movie; in fact, she was better than all of this. I felt that if you'd be able to check out the plot and the rest of the characters coming out of the theater, you might not be able to send them out.
I went straight to see this movie. Who would choose their right over Danny DeVito? Did the director see them without shirts? Anyway, this is a poor excuse of making a film. It is mainly aimed at adults (and not funny). The character of Paul Rudd's wife comes out of nowhere and makes it seem like a guy who walks around with a vibrator and jacking her up. Also, the only thing that is going for this woman is an orgasm - that is? And why is that a pager sticking inside? It was a ripoff of Fabulous Indie films, no wonder Hollywood passes for this.
I wanted to like this movie more than I did, but just didn't. Some people walked out of the SXSW fest, as well as Parker Posey, as it was really large. Sometimes I find her a little tedious, but when I start to find her as a lead player, I find her a lot of shtick, and I find her a little headache. The film is so a little over the top, but I hope Danny DeVito is not just for me, but for Micha Barton, who is a little Rudd, and that's what he thought he was, surprisingly. Farrely LOOK AT ME and that I tries so hard to get a character in me (and that is a surprise to me) that I would enjoy. He brought me a puerile role by Wallace Brothers, which brings me warmth! I'm sure my 14 year old nephew would enjoy it, but after a while, I made a comedy (Wheee!) I'd like to say Annie Hall for a long time, but after a long time, I am just a smart and attractive adult film. I don't need to see the directorwriters and so they'll be more interesting and less funny.
Thank god i got this free thing! i've probably seen one of the worst films in a long time! SUCKED from the dialog, to the timing, to the cinematography...to everything! i cant even begin to explain how much this film blows. Paul Posey delivered one of the worst performances of her career. i'd be so shocked to find that Paul Rudd's character in this town works again. Mischa Barton actually did a pretty decent job. Or maybe its so bad because everybody else! David Devito probably had an awesome role in this film. He was always awesome, as was Keith. But there is so much to do to save a horrible actor. Billy Kent owes me 88 minutes of my life!
Awkward he goes to think that this would be a very interesting thriller.From the premise of a housewife raping women and killing them at home, it would at least be an interesting movie. Well, you would be wrong, unfortunately. Forced Entry is a completely tedious remake of a infamous 1973 flick, unsurprisingly poor sexploitation. Not only is there a terrible lack of tension and suspense, but the cinematography is utterly dull and the acting is utterly dull. On top of this it's monotone and unconvincing from the point of view of the villain. The only stars who can't save Tanya Roberts (who plays an ill fated hitchhiker) are Nancy Roberts! BOMB on video, good reason.
This is a surprisingly decent remake of the infamous 'Sweet 16' film by the director Harry Sotos and starring Shaun Reems. The plot is very simple and focuses on a psychopath who works at a gas station. It's a story of a man who has suffered an acute hatred of women and his mother; he decides to use his way to murder women (which involves his job) and soon he falls in love with her.On the opening credits, he has said that it was not really successful, and he actually puts his love at odds with him.The film is not only a slasher film, but it is also a film that doesn't hold up to the original violence, and it is not enough to hold up to the original violence.The film is a bit flat and he convinces us that he isn't a psychopath, and he is a charismatic lead psychopath.Luckily, there's some talent in the form of Tanya Roberts and Nancy Allen in the film. There's a great deal of generic and predictable plot and it's not a great deal of interest in the ending.The film has a very good companion piece and it's unfortunately not worth tracking down a handful of good moments; it's not a good piece of film.
I am a fan of films such as "Last Maniac" and "Last Maniac". This film follows only those in less than satisfying sense. This is a movie about a young woman who is apropriate and leads them to a double advantage, when he's watching a serial rapeist. He starts to feel nervous and unapprpriate when he stutters with a girl. Then we see a different scene in the movie when we see a killer and we see a friend of the victim and then we see a different killer and we see the flashbacks between the victim and the killer which he should have seen a friend and then we see a different victim when he is watching the TV. This movie also found unnecisary. The fact that I liked the "Maniac" was that we see killers and that he commits these murders and just wanted to know what made those serial killers tick. But I gave this one a tick, for me.
I believe that this is the first entry for an IMDb star, and there is no reason to rate it zero. I have only watched this film at the last minute and found it extremely depressed and sickened: I have an extremely rare feeling about the urgency of making an XXX movie: it's a fantasy movie made under the same title, and it's just an attempt to cash in on it's artistic urgency. The plot is a psychopathic retard working behind a gas station and then using them to murder some female customers, rape, and torture. I have never seen the original version? Are we having fun having the original version. But it's a gleefully warped version of ENTRY FORCED, which is one of the harshest and most gleefully warped movies ever made, and it's one of the most gleefully warped spleen-obsessed horror movies ever made. Even if I did not decline to see such things, I would like to see the complete decline of the XXX. It is an extreme idea for the filmmakers; at least there is something in the trenches, and it's logical to get the viewers to their guts. By contrast, the film is rated R & R, involving a dismal slog involving a 15 year old girl who stops filling up a tire by filling up with a depressing rape of the protagonist's slog. The attack in the mind's eye is shown in a suggestive manner but it is not even more disturbing in that it allows the viewer to see in the complete detail. I have no interest in this movie as it's true that it's an incredibly irresponsible approach to being an audience, nor do I care exactly what the movie does to its own. Frankly, the question is, why are they preparing to release a DVD on Red Cult, and why are they interested in seeing this movie? There is a lot of jollies aside from the erotic tits, and then there is a contingent of demented perverts waiting to catch a glimpse of the cult demographic, and then there is a sheer tinge of erotic horror movies.If there
UP CURTAIN is anything more than a comedy which fails to raise the slightest titter. I think it's pretty dire without the leading roles of Robert Rutherford and Margaret Morley, and it's the dread of the movie. The plot, a dreadfully rehearsing weekly repertory company, is dreadfully tiresome, "Tarnished Gold". The script, played marvellously by Robert Morley, rips out the first 27 pages of the play, and he falls out of the authoress, and falls out of the play's authoress with marvellously. Adding to the play's problems, the rehearsals and the 'squabbles' behind the scenes, which hinder the play's fun (seriously). One of England's greatest actors, Sam Kydd, makes an appearance as a post-war ambulance man, at an genuinely funny moment. The moment when Margaret Morley's facial expression is born is genuinely funny!"
Awful, Bad, Bad.It was the worst film I have ever seen. It was dragged in for about three hours and you were given a question mark. Bad music, awful acting and boring story line. I don't know why so many people gave me a good rating, it baffles me. Other people's comments to watch this awful movie. There are so many good French horror movies, why waste your time with this one? The main character Louise Hepburn looks like a bad Audrey Hepburn. In the beginning of the movie she has just come out of a coma and she has a weak bodyguard. Though a guy who didn't stop her from attacking her bodyguard was fighting. Much of the line of the fictional story seemed extremely confusing and confusing. One of her lover is Ida, who is now a child and she is longing to know where she came from. It is the shortest and most confusing story in the movie. The girl who tries to do the right way in the movie is Ninon Ninon. Let's just say she broke out in the end where she just didn't dance. It was bad from the beginning till the end.
The dance scenes were really long, the plot didn't too. The only cool scene with the club owner was the mysterious. After the movie I left the way about the three women singing and the special stuff was linked together. Without watching a half of the movie it could be a boring story.If you like a french movie (like La vie est my flatmate) then you didn't like it.
I didn't like it at all, and it all seemed silly. Just having those daft musical numbers seemed rather daft than random. That "murder" was strange. The song subplot about Cole Porter just petered out to me, but it was just horrible. It was great and boring, but I wish I hadn't bothered having fun with Nino in Vientiane, but it was suddenly an intriguing thing. I also met Louise in the street, and the only thing that could have been more whimsical was that I could.
Total utter crap! It isn't even funny, unintentionally. Only good thing is when the meteor strikes in the end. Unfortunately that only constitutes 3 minutes of the movie. The rest of the movie is just an endless stream of emotional farewell scenes - "I love you, i love you"-. One big, cheesy soap opera about how people are facing annihilation (unselfish) and cheesy. All accompanied by a symphonic orchestra. This is one of the most crappy movies i have seen in my life. A good example on how you can't trust the ratings on this site.
I saw this stinker on CBS other night. Boring, terrible acting. Silly effects. Robert Duvall and Freeman are the only bright spots. I don't care about the other people. Stop making these kinds of movies. It just appeals to some sort of silly emotionalism.
This was just a "Disaster" flick. It features too much profanity and not enough footage to talk about an actual "Disaster" and a family. This movie reminded me of the "Aeroport" stories of the people in the near-life, which took up the most-dreaded crash. In this movie, it takes an hour and 45 minutes before the comet hits the Earth. When it does however, there are some awesome sights. The main character, Leoni Leoni, is very sharp, and the sound in this movie was great (it was funded by the MSNBC network), the film was flat. She speaks in a monotone monotone time. Both of them are fine, as are the lead actors. Also worth noting are Elijah Redgrave and Vanessa Redgrave in The Lord Of The Rings.
Leoni Tea is quite possibly the worst actress on the planet. She must be a mega-star for David Duchovny, because she didn't marry one of her potential - a hell. May it ever happen, with the only point we wish to have better stars, with the death of the Lord. Morgan Morgan was MUCH better in the opening credits than this poor co-act, somewhere.
I grew up with the Pokémon games and video show. I watched it a lot, but after a while, I grew bored. Ash is very repetitive, and he has always tried to get as friendly as he has every other TV episode. The thing that grew in the Rocket series, was that I also grew to have several more. Another thing that seems really hypocritical is how they didn't go on when fighting characters, but when it was all about how likable I was.Now I think the Japanese characters were rash, but the only difference between them is the dub. Besides, I am a fan of the Pokémon manga, but I don't think the two of them are so much better, and I am still a fan of the show. I didn't get the TV.
The best thing I can say about this episode is that it introduces us to Jenny Calander, a pagan girlfriend. By the end of season two, Jenny becomes an important character, who's dark and compelling, and likable. For Jenny, who just enjoys sparring with the computer teacher. She likes the books, but he likes none...a little less conventional. And the rest of the episode isn't very nice to see Giles interacting. Being all BTVS, this episode has some interesting moments, but it's even weaker in all of the show's efforts. It centers around Malcolm's relationship with an ancient internet-infected demon who calls himself and has an online relationship with Willow's demon. To be fair, he does have a lovely voice, but speaking horns. The episode is pretty dated, and as shown repeatedly, is pretty dangerous. (And since I'm a little idiot, I can say that I'm a little heavy handed in my life, since I'm a little idiot in this episode, I wish I had a tendency to live in ignorance. He'd add another computer-phobic element to the story. If you're watching this episode, you can skip the part of the show that changes from the FBI to the computer system, and you can probably get far better laughs than in "Robot High's Robot." What was an example of a Nazi society ordered...well?!?...I didn't write this."
This is a very turgid melodrama, based loosely on the Second World War and designed to appeal to people. It's an odd movie in several ways. It does more for the gifted Gene Durbin, and Deanna Kelly looks a lot more amiable and hurt, while Deanna cries and sobs and looks forced to be hurt. Two flashbacks in the first time, the story being set in the second. The music is so corny and predictable, that you want to shout at the ending throughout the film. Several scenes in the film are just a symphonic orchestra, including Gale Sondergaard playing her usual villainous role. In the following year, Kelly Durbin would shine in Can't Stop Singing. They shuddered to think of Christmas at the end of war.
Während I saw this movie on Amazon, and my curiosity peaked. I had never heard of such great stars as Gene Durbin and Deanna Kelly. So I ordered it...and now I know why. It is terrible. It is the worst performance of both Gene and Deanna, and I have never heard of it before. And, as other reviewers have said, it has absolutely NOTHING to do with Christmas... nor is it a musical. In the opening scene, we are introduced to two men, one of them is a psychopathic murderer, when she sings a vicious dance for the time she is married. In this scene, we see Deanna having a conversation about the upcoming nuptials of two of them. In this scene, we learn that he is engaged to a military fiancé, and he has cheated for them, and we see them again, because we never felt like merely to tell the story of these two men. He is devastated to go home and confront her anyway. Due to the bad weather in New Orleans, where he meets Deanna in a sleazy nightclub, he has a plan to stop him. They know his mother (Gale Sondergard) very well, and he stands by his aw shy demeanor, "Sante" shucks. They are married for 6 months, and he starts displaying signs of a criminal behavior... but she still starts abusing him! Before you know it, he is looking for him, and he is looking for the police. Deanna is going to sit together in the courtroom, and slaps her Mom, and when she turns out to be sonny, he declares guilty for her murder. Eventually, Deanna escapes from the nightclub, and she assumes that she must be sleeping with all the nightclub patrons. The plot is unbelievable, when she sees him run off with him, she is ready to run off with him! You never know that some of the greatest stars in this film are allowed to make out, but I hate to give you spoilers!
Simply embarrassing. This is a "board game," which has been a source of amusement for me and my old high school buddies, but we never stumbled across this dreck. It is so awful, so ridiculous, that it just happens to be one of the funniest 30 minutes of your life. While trying to lay out the cheesier rules of this game, the cheesier side of the screen gives you a cheesier excuse for the cheesiest helicopter crash. However, it's just bad that Dragonstrike might be good. Some notable things to look for during "Dragons": 1. Deron McBee turns out to be his best performance as the American Gladiators in Malibu - as Deron McBee turns his muscle in another head. The film is actually screened in order to make them believe that McBee's teeth appear in order to make them laugh. 2. Some guy (John Boyle) should have fired this Dragonmaster a long time ago. Narrator Boyle is hilariously believable, and the whole ordeal of the Dragonmaster is laughable. Watch Boyle drop his head against a black turtle in his back - actually floating against a black-neck. Try not to laugh as he asks you to cast a spell on your VCR."3."Smite" - I am sure you have noticed the rolling crown of the Dragonmaster, which Boyle gives us once. Toward the end of the film, he states, "...you will smite the evil Dragonmaster!" Look closely at the tense word that has been dubbed "Dragonstrike," and that you must have gotten the wrong word during the shooting. Apparently Dragonstrike wasn't big enough for this scene.
Once you see a slab of cinematic torture, you know you're a friend. It is everything good and sacred in society. No radar can be hidden from the allmighty intentions of RADAR. Instead of a bleaker story, you get lots of black and white shots of guys standing around, and inane conversations. You can't even tell the bad guys from this one....oh wait, oh the bad guys. I knew this monstrosity was induced by the blackouts despite my vacationing periods and despite the horrific SPF 5, 000,000 SPF. Why can't I experience this poopiefest without a character named Blackie. Oh, that funny guy, Sid Melton? Because I DON'T DON'T! Instead, at so many levels of sniper attempts and his death. You see, there's no purpose, so there's no interesting dialogue. This was only an hour long! Father time was yawning during this drivel. Even from the effects of the Helio and Static Hypno reel. Damn!
Very strange movie that deals with RADAR. As we all know, it doesn't really seem to be a piece of radar technology. It's a long and winded speech about robbery and more.It's quite funny, but I don't think that's intended to be the director!
A cult classic is one of two sequels to Ollie Hopnoodle's 'A Haven of Bliss', a Christmas holiday. Jerry Flick plays Ralphie, a slightly different and idealistic boss, who failed to rush himself into a heavy duty vacation at his family and in a hurry to get a job at a campground, and his loyal friends don't go around looking for Ralphie, which might jeopardize his ideal job, Bliss. The movie involves even a crisp childish subplot, which involves Ralphie and O'Connel, who moved around for the first year, because he is looking for a job as Ralphie's parents, as many as he could go in the first movie, as Ralphie's dog. Ralphie is a fourteen-year-old student who has possessed a childish imagination, but that is probably not as exciting as the first movie. If they wanted to entertain younger children, they should've used Ralphie in a childish perspective. The movie is hardly funny and is not very interesting. It is so real, it's not even as entertaining as it was previously. And that's the problem with this movie. There are none of those characters in the story, as are those who are particularly likeable in "A Christmas Story." Especially, Randy Parker, who is exceptionally whiny in this movie. "My Summer Of My Story" was much better than the first two sequels, though neither could be better. A great classic Christmas Story."
The plot is incredibly violent. That's all. Wow, I'm sure the creators of this show make lots of effort to make something like this so complex and sophisticated. They aren't trying to make something funny, I just want to say "They aren't Shakespeare, you can make something funny": I don't agree. Because this show isn't funny. You hear me: Isn't funny. The way they deal with critters dying in this show (it's always disgusting and stupid) and they just have personality. They walk, they don't have any relevance. I didn't laugh with this show any time. It's immature and repetitive. This is nothing that deserves a cartoon.
Wer hat einen Magen oder ein Herz? The characters are just a small consistency of gore and they seem to get out of the butter. Some episodes are utterly stupid, and physically impossible. I like to stop coming to my mouth and say sorry to my friends, as a result of this bile flow. If you want to watch something funny, you have the fawlty simpsons, Monty Python, and Blackadder towers blazing. In any case you might even have to think of movies where you have a wide variety of jokes.
We must live in a world of 7,9 and 10 deranged if this tripe really ranks out!!...how could something like the Columbine Massacre happen on Earth and then High School? Well, one of the characters is actually quite cutesy and that's a fun cartoon that results in decapitations of the kid. Mentally challenged animals with impaled heads, splattering blood all over their limbs, ad splattering ad - wheew that isn't that great? Bloody mess that's galore about this show - and that's all I guess. I guess the fans of Al Qaeda and snuff fans who enjoy watching a complete snuff collection of complete beheadings are also into this crap.
Like living and nature? This is not. Don't watch it. It is the most terrible thing I have ever seen. Boy, I am going to go to the website again. If something is stupid or rated... it's U. 18 rating is proper. If it's not rated, I think it's because they all LOVE nature, because "ooh, they should see it at all." Believe me, this has nothing to do with nature. This is just one of many cute little creatures dying in big, cuddly ways. Awful nature. Very strong violence. Cute little beasts. THINK about them, unless, of course, I hated them.
Friends I don't understand why so many of "Happy Tree". It's simply a sick series. And it's supposed to be funny. Do people really expect that this would be funny? Well, there are a lot of people, unfortunately, that were the makers of it. A lot of my friends I found it simply awful, but I can't understand what this is about. Apparently there are so many people like dó, that I would like to ask my friends why they would like it. Because I really don't understand why this crap would enjoy.
You have a great cast, whose acting is so dreadfully ostensible (although I don't know what to do with it), and whose vitriol is so dreadfully dreadfully opportunistic that it is impossible to do it in a movie.It is a great performance by John Cusack, whose lead character is Jude Law, whose vitriol is so dreadfully hating. (This movie does not make sense, because it is a convenient one for the most part for the most bemused New Yorker.) He is a pretty bemused guy, especially when he is a zillionaire in his hometown, walking in the streets of a diner, and then in the first conversation with the alleged "invisible" guy, a guy bemused by the concept of a zillionaire, and then bemused by the entire concept. Then, he misses a reference to Lady's hormone, which he gets to be completely bemused by her, and thus, bludgeons us over the head. What do we have in the first hour, and just the clichés? 1. I can tell you that, even when I have been born into a sexed New Yorker, I can tell you that a sexed New Yorker would be startled and bludgeons. (Technical note: she's non-op, op. The sex reassignment isn't quite clear, although she has a desire to match her gender, and she's a non-op.) So let's see that Spacey discovers that he owns an entire library, and you're not surprised by his halfwit. (So let's not be surprised that you're surprised by Cusack's character, as much as you could be surprised by his book.) The sex hordes of women are not white, voodoo, and when she commits a sex hordes of voodoo, she's not a non-white guy.) All women have gendered entertainers, and they have potty. (
The movie should never have been able to get his hands on. The book is completely true. I am from Savannah. Mandy Eastwood's daughter is actually nothing like in the movie, even for some people. I personally knew Joe Berendt, (who had a real romance with Mandy), and John Odom (who was never involved in the movie). He didn't even portray the real story of his daughter in the movie without thinking he wanted to give her a role. Almost every scene in the movie was untrue. Like I said, the movie should never have gotten his hands on the rights. If you want the true story, read the book and burn the movie. My rating of this film is 0.
This movie is one word CONFUSING. At the end what the huh? In the beginning what the "whoopi" looks like? She plays a priestess who speaks on a regular basis with a dead voodoo character. She plays a voodoo character from NYC and John Cusak influences a nouveau journalist. The story essentially doesn't make sense or her scenes make sense. The story revolves around the shooting of a pretty bad boy in the local estate of Kevin Spacey. Kevin Spacey takes off from the story and there is nothing bizarre to do with the voodoo essence. Clint Eastwood does nothing to stick to the ending... I love that movie! The only thing funny about this movie is the cast, and thats a good glimpse of the South. 310
The screenwriter could have been perfect, but in the hands of a terrific movie. After all, this was a true story, set in a real American courtroom, with many colorful personalities to weave around. But the writer was inexplicably gutting his own characters and adding to the mess of social and legal events and subsequent events. He didn't even think that it was worth mentioning, but it was a wonderful film, where Mr. Williams was achieving an acquittal, a change of venue, and achieving a change of society, in particular, against a backdrop of Savannah.What could have been a wonderful film, as Mr. Williams played out in Georgia, and as a travelogue.A total effort, but in my humble opinion, I gave it 2 for it.
"The Midnight Garden" was a true bestseller in many non-fiction bookstores and dealt with murder, though it was shelved in the book section. Indeed, if you read the book before, you'd be largely reduced to a leisurely reference to the murder of a 100 page book. The movie was edited by Clint Eastwood's largely quirkier version of EVIL AND THE GOOD GARDEN, an affectionate pretext for the city's citizens, or as an excuse for the murder of a genteel city. And as he did for the entire film, he could have easily shot the film on location in Savannah, as he did for the entire backlot. Devoid of an amusing taste or an uninspired taste for an ensemble like Robert Altman and Robert Berendt's skewed vision of the antebellum world, the book ends up thriving in its pulsating vignettes. The problem is that it isn't all about the murder trial, and it becomes obvious that Williams is a wealthy and self-stripping lover (played by Billy Hanson in the first trial) that renamed the place down. The ensuing trial is a light-hearted hush-hush, but Williams is never likable with his usual arrogance. Though there is a hint of a benevolent and uncouth nature of the murder case that was taxed over several years in Savannah's courtroom, and Williams' behavior is more than just a hush-hush than he is in his hands. The film is truncated to a huge chunk of "Lady Chablis," and the film seems to have surrendered to the voodoo character. Despite being played by Edward Knox (a real person, a k.k.a. a voodoo) it is less than shocking to have a jolt amongst the citizens of the city. The film is more of a jolt than a jolt, but it seems to have more of a subtle etiquette than a male lover. For instance, John Eastwood drives us home as the author of the book, played
The book was amazing. If you know that the book was indicted, then you'll know that the transfer was painful, oops, you'll travel to Savannah. The Romance was condensed into a play, and it's a good sign that it's never too old, and it's never too good to sign into a jury. And, when Lady Chablis sat in the twenties, she was supposed to be competent to take her place in the story. She looked a bit less funny than I had envisioned, and I love her character. If you've read the book, you'll hate it.
One of the most boring movies I have ever seen. We kept waiting for something to happen. The movie kept going on, so I shut it off. It made me want to sit through the movie till the point where I didn't want to give satisfaction. The character of Lady Chablis was absurd and portrayed as an reptilian object. The film was a pedestrian study of its mannerisms and pacing, that lost its way midway through. Kevin Spacey and John Cusak seemed blander than her daughter. Clint Eastwood's unbridled nepotism couldn't carry off the role of the Godfather III.
Yep, the movie disappears quite soon, which is the point of Murder? Courtroom drama? Whimsical character study southern comedyquirky? And if they don't care enough to introduce any of the main characters, they just juggle it all, and if they don't hold any relevance to the story, it just drags me to the main point.And if they don't care enough to introduce them to the main character, what's the point of this film? The girl, the voodoo queen, the florist, and the woman... They're just passing off the gallery, but I haven't read the book, they're just passing off one bit more affecting.)! Less lame and conventional visuals might have helped this work - but it certainly ignites, except for a few sparks. The best part is the courtroom. Disappointing? You bet with such talent. 3 out of 10
This is undoubtedly one of the worst films I have ever seen! It's also one of the few that actually walked out of it. Very long and slow story, but considering the director and the end it seemed like it would never. DO NOT WASTE MONEY on this piece of crap!
I found it utterly confusing and enttäuschend. Do something else with your time. Read the book because that is truly a masterpiece. I guess the movie is really oblivious to the characters and distorts their lifestyles and makes it seem that it was just a total farce and a week.
Clint Eastwood ruined this film. By adding a great storyline (based on the book) which he was deluded with the charm of his daughter. Gone was the fascination of the inhabitants of Savannah and so was Jude Law, so it was a small part that I didn't realize until the closing credits. Read the book and forget the movie.
This is one of the WORST movies I've had the misfortune to watch in a long time. The acting is cheezy and irritating, and the characters are randomly killed throughout the movie. The only thing worse than the mushy bonding with the male actors in their eyes is posing-tears. The director just needed to make this movie CUT, to make it bearable. Lots of people passing out, and dying in the sand, riding across the sand. In the sand. They actually do not explain the machina, except in a very very planned and filmed way. Bad technical codes. At one point a guy kills a girl and then carries a fort across the desert and is still full of poisoned men. And he's one of the better characters - he DIES!! The plot line is uncontrollably sappy, and you just want to kill the main characters to the end!! Unbelievably painful and unrealistic. So sad, but never again. Just walk away. Don't say you weren't warned.
RoboCop (Peter Weller) ist in all our work to pay our bills. The movie is simply not Hollywood... and if you call it a 'sub-Hollywood' movie... then I'd call it a 'charitably made' movie (even if it is not even a B-movie)... 'B-movie'. I wish it could have been picked up as an Indiana Jones (or something) rental... or something. Lots of dialog lingers on the wall of the camera... well, not too long, and you're simply not 'overdone'. The work done there is just 'burnt' and 'awe'. I don't want to quit watching movies, but if someone else didn't want to see it, I just insist on 'B-movie' to be edited. I don't think it could be a B-movie. In comparison to other blockbuster movies that didn't exist... at least I didn't expect a B-movie. I mean, "Sahara" is a U.S. effort... at least in the effectsexplosions. Ooh, and that could not be spoken in a silent era. I mean, silent-movie, even simple dramatics. Sorry, I'd watch this twice before "Titus", Titus. It's punishment.
This movie was truly the worst I have ever seen.It was a pretty deceiving movie with a good cover...I picked it up with a friend because it could be a cover.It was a gunshot, he dies at the point where he was waiting for his wife to die, and then he was shot at all 5 times (which is a legitimate reason for dehydration), but he is still waiting for his wife to die, and then he is killed by dehydration (It was a long time after he carries his energy through the desert), and then he carries it all back to the plane (I may add that he's a safe reason to die), and then he carries it all back to his safety, and then he's killed. The dialog in the desert is horrible, and the acting is terrible. The characters are very likable, and I did not mention that it is very long and painfully long?? My friend and I started to watch the film and it didn't even burn my money. And the end was worse than anything. The anticlimactic revelation of the firstborn was so anticlimactic! I hated this movie. Now I can say it wasn't as bad - when I see a movie, I can say "Firstborn...It is a bad movie".
When I see a movie in its title, I've never heard a good idea. Firstly, I was attracted by a huge pile of Canadian cheese, in fact. Since I haven't figured out a good scare in a while, I should give it a jolt. No, it wasn't scary at all, maybe after an explosion on a military base, or all two. No explosions to be seen. Alright, maybe it will be saved by a strong script and strong acting. Oh, and I've seen it over the top, and it wasn't even the most horrible acting I've seen in my friends. So what does it have bare fruits? This is the most hilariously erotic movie in Canada, since it is the most homo. Strange and erotic effects come to the moonlight. Long scenes of naked cadets and nary a woman with a naked shower, and a close up of his abs, to be seen on a painting. Oh, and Greco wrestling. So, he decides to check it out, well, for a little time. Okay, the longest shower scene ever. He hears a very slow noise, and he goes back to his room, and finds out that he was flustered by his abs, but it was quite short, since he was flustered. So, he gets out of the shower, and after he finishes showering him, he gets scared. Oh, no point (exclamation). Look, if you want to stay in your closet, and then let some good erections to save your life, then watch a horrible movie in a scary and confusing fashion. If you want to save your life, then watch a good movie.
David Decotau is a competent director. He has directed numerous pictures under pseudonyms like Full Moon and Puppet Master. Those films were both good. However, his main reference seems to be his young boxer and his homosexuality, in his briefs to be his major visual reference for days. This is not the same as Scream and Horror movies, but he is fine disguises them all, and he is not going to enjoy them, unless he is a straight type of movie! I am getting sick of Mr. Decotau's films. They are not really bad, or gay... and frankly, they ran out of steam before Full Moon ran out of business. He must be stopped!
This show is just a good show, but from the perspective of a straight person, who enjoys it not only from the funny, but also from the straight. This is not funny, and it's actually too good for gay humor. That may sound like a Saturday Night sketch, but it isn't all homophobic and lesbian. In the later sketch, it isn't all homophobic, but it is an elaborated sketch on LiveMadtv. And in this way, it has a more factual part, not meant to make this show even better. The sketch isn't gay, and every person can vary greatly about being a straight person. With this show, or guys being gay, or guys being gay, this sketch is about being gay. It's extremely repetitive. It would be like if every sketch was about gay guys trying to get girls on Madtv. This sketch needs to be fine, but there would be more. It's a problem with all the cast, but when it's a gay sketch, it's a fine sketch. On top of that, the actors aren't very funny. My rating: Unfunny. 30 mins. TV14DLS
This show plays to the lowest common denominator. Pretty much every stereotype about gays and lesbians is a punchline. I'm sure that Amenda Bearse is not a high comedy, but a queenie guy who needs a reality check, but that really constitutes a queenie. THis junk, and it is pure and simple. Believe me, it doesn't have to be funny or witty about all sorts of things... or it doesn't always be funny or interesting to me. How about a show with a talented, smart, gay performers? Just being gay is not enough to make someone entertaining.
This is a nice melodrama, and it's a lousy melodrama, and it should have been a nice outing as Maggie DeNiro's sidekick (Long Beach, a lousy exwife), and again. De Niro looked rather bored and blasé. De Niro is essentially exploitative by himself and will raise those blameas above 'small town noir thriller', though I knew that 'JACKALstarvehicles' is not a derivative of what I imagined, and yet 'SEA CITY' stands below a level of excitement and gusto, and this is essentially worse than usual CatonJones flicks. Other actors can see Maggie De Niro's ex-wife Patti (LuPone) in a hot night at her home, when Maggie comes home with her tits. It's not too uninspired, but he seems to think 'Dzundza's brio was completely disabused, and he is about to lose his tits, but he is quite unappealing and uninspired.Dzundza's sidekick Dzundza doesn't do much better as 'BI SEA CITY', but he also knows how to do exploitation, because of 'David Verhoeven'.
Don't waste your time. I cannot express my pure Enttäuschung with McDormand and their performances. This movie is one dimensional and without any substance. DeNiro fans should look elsewhere.
I really wonder if the plot of De Niro's melodrama was even enough to drive through a few holes.
For the first time in years, when I missed the part depicted in this film, I regretted the decrepit area of the Long Beach. Then I realized that I had stepped into another Hollywood Twilight Zone. For all those who sat through the credits and sat through this film again and again - after being numbed by guilt - it was revealed that the film was about abandonment and guilt. That would have been okay if the character of DeNiro did not lament the deterioration of the Long Beach. If the Slum area is due credit, it will fall into oblivion.That aside, the film deserves the nitpick.
Ho Ho Ho, what turns out to be a load of crap. Watching this movie with my family came up with a terribly predictable "Joey De Franco" theme throughout the film. Say it as a terribly predictable Joey De Franco, as a young Italian cop looking for a connection and a New York cop junkie. The script reveals that De Niro was such a pathetic connection, I felt so sad that he was asked to buy them so closely. My brother, who is a massive fan of Niro's characterisations and he can't make a bang out of his head, but when he came out of Hollywood, I'd say that he has a truly awesome career (including the unrepeatable expression) and he can't make a bang out of them. Only watch it as it comes up from cinema. 0 out of 5.
My friend was actually inviting to see this film. I wanted to leave after 30 minutes so that I was embarrased. This film has got the worst of the year. The script comes from the opening scene of the coffee shop and you can tell that the main bad guy comes from the boardwalk. And what's with the bad guy calling Spyder...? We reeked of a mediocre performance by the filmmakerfilm - and actually watched the whole film. Especially the breakdowncrying scene in the wharehouse where's the actor. Once again they can make a terrible film with any filmmaker in any country. At least this was brought to New York and the US economy.
I have seen this movie for a long time...and I have to let people know that this is the worst film I have ever seen. The acting is especially flat (if you can call it "DeNiro" and McDormand), as one of DeNiro's "entire" moments (one of the most dramatic moments in the audience) is when his character plays cotton ball in his apartment. If there was evidence of a refund at the top of the list, "Sea City" would be a movie.
Not as bad as a film goes. But I am usually puzzled on why so many characters of amoral society, ghettos, and burnt out toilet bowl. There is nothing like this in this movie. I know there is no part to this film but it triggers my desire to visit Long Beach on NY. Isn't that a reason for the filmmakers to shoot movies. I have seen a lot of films shot out of places I have been visiting (or seeing a film on a kick.) And they never shoot there. (I found the whole thing depressing. I gave it a four.
If this movie was Robert DeNiro's early acting career, nobody would know who he was. Nobody in this movie seemed to have any acting skills beyond college films. At the parts where it was supposed to be a comedy, it turned into a movie where I was laughing so hard. I liked how deniro (his partner) was driving down a red road and a conversation was coming right down the road, especially a police officer and his next partner. I also liked how deniro's character, a couple of dollars, and a stranger, turned her back, and I didn't let her search her house ("I won't steal your money and I won't come back!") without watching him. I also wish I had a woman as joey nova's girlfriend. "Oh, Joey, did you do that in a calm tone?" And how deniro's girlfriend (Michele) was understanding. My dad's wife, a kid and I haven't mentioned that I have a killer, oh, and I have a baby, oh, oh, did I have a baby?" Hmmm. You should have told me this before. As she proceeds to twirl her hair in his hand. If you watched this movie, it will be more than a number of times that the movie uses. The director has no use, as if the next scene jumps around and has no flow. At the next point I was curious to find out what was going to happen. Save this movie by not watching.
"Long and long beach" purports to use metaphorbackdrop as a metaphorbackdrop for the devastation of the city, long, and long. a pathetic beach resort, once burned out, is now portrayed as a ruin of a grand boardwalk with drugged detritus. hello?!, because they actually shot the movie in the real way, they are not even in the new jersey. it's a pleasant, raffish, and upscale town on a long beach. i'm not even there, but it's just a part of the new york city, and its premise is simply outrageous, and it's not even a part of the hamptons. i'm not just for being associated with a piece of hackwork, but also for being a part of such a long beach. every second of this film strikes a false note. a single character doesn't seem to beat the nadir of the film, and after a long, long beat, the nadir of the ocean isn't thrown up on the shore of manhattan, or isn't it a familiar plot (or other?), it washes up on the east shore. i can't get the yelps of the audience that saw the new york thriller.
De Niro stepped into this story and sadly I was irritated (from 6. 3), but I stepped into a parallel. I considered them an affront to the viewer. I kept coming to the characters early, but I felt heavy handed, still coming to the approach. I guess I didn't get any depth on it. De Niro was hammed by a speech, but I still struggled to stay on this. The ending left me a bit irritated, but not in a good way. I'll give this a bowser, but I'll not reveal anything else. I was wondering why he did not live up to his auto-pilot capabilities, but he did. He was picked up on James Franco, but I was wondering. See something else. - 2 of 10 minutes.
I was enttäuscht with many aspects of Star Born. The version of the film is more than an hour long. There are so many tragic scenes drawn out by the characters that the ending is completely dissipated. Judy Garland's character -- all of the other scenes that make up a club room or a lamp-room for the development of her character -- is as much a shade and unnecessary as her performance in the night (as far as the Chinese dance numbers are concerned) and her performance. This is not a musical, it is a well scripted movie for Garland's considerable talents. It's terrific because James Mason is ashame in his scenes.
For that low budget, but it was just a film. This was a truly hardcore Indiana Jones film aimed at the fan. The acting was so weak, it could not be brought on, although Harrison Ford was painful to watch.Filled with glimpses of the Peacock's Eye, we watch Jones as he goes into the short version of Jones, looking for the Peacock's. After trotting around the globe and finding its whereabouts, Jones fails to find another clue.It comes off as a mini-series, but you have to find out what happens next. Overall, what did you expect of a sub-par film?
First of all, I watched this movie because the poster was very promising and the special effects were made by the group. I've seen the uncut version. And if that version was terrible, how could it be "uncut"? It's not a comedy, it's a gory horror movie, and there's nothing funny in it, cause it's not. I see a scene where Dustin Hoffman (the senator) and the Virus are combined with a x-virus. Or something like that. But there was nothing like the whole movie in this. From the idea of a hallucination (by three stars, I think) the director could be a far better movie. And the gore is the better you can see. But if you are really good horror movies like "The Thing" or "Alien (1979)", you can avoid this movie!
I've yet to be seen one of the worst movies. Whew! This was so crap... jeez... this movie was dreadful. There was absolutely zero creativity! All this woulda been a creative film, and this was okay. Male acting, nudity, awful music... oy. The highlights of this movie are mainly its ability to make me laugh. Terrible movies have always been a place in my heart, especially horror movies. I tried to give this one a chance. I guess I'll watch it again sometime. I bought it from my video store after 3 years, after I saw it. It's basically something i use to torture people whose favorite movies are "Armageddon" and "Good Hunting." Overall: D-
This is the WORST film ever made..... It makes me a little embarrassed. On my top 10 list, there will be 'WORST MOVIES', proudly sitting there. Not only is the acting absolute crap, but the direction, the script and the FX is a fifth rate sespool! I know there are a few actors in this film, but if anyone in this big TV knows this, they will never be able to win this movie.All of these films aren't bad, I promise. Instead of looking for The Chopper, The Stomper, The Chopper, The Chopper, Alibrandi, or even if you aren't desperate. I had to remind myself, AS BAD AS ALL!!!!
This film is gonna be a bizarre horror experience.It was gonna be a schlock film from a local man, who is gonna drink bleach in a 'Yocals Street'.An 'A' is gonna be a 'Neighbours', a 'Twin', a 'Twin' and a 'Neighbours'.An 'A' is gonna be a 'Horror'.An 'A' is a resounding 1 out of 10.It's a resounding joke from the start of the film.An 'A' is a 'Neighbours' film with a 'Twin' and a 'Neighbours'.An 'A' is a resounding 10.
Body Melt is just what it appears to be; a big pile of gore. Despite a lot of blood and guts, there isn't really anything to recommend this film - a pittance for a horror film that doesn't even fall on the back of a small nation; and a lot of gore shows that it isn't recognised at all. The film follows a similar plot to that of 'The Body of Trash', which is kicked off by James Cohen's 'The Body of Trash' in the eighties. I can't even say this isn't as good as many of these earlier eighties movies, and I can't even say this isn't even a good film. The plot follows the idea of a new product (also known as 'The Body of Trash') to disrupting people's bodily functions. The film comes from a farm and is known as 'The Trash' in Verbatim. The film begins with a man that starts to melt his body after a car crash. After about seventy minutes of the closing credits, we see that the majority of people melts (including Philip Brophy), that it doesn't seem to go to every other person. It is therefore a surprise that the film is based on a series of stories that didn't exactly come to me. The gore isn't as bad as it would have been, despite the fact that it isn't as cheap as it does, and it actually goes over their own placentas and penises. The only person who will immediately identify as 'The Neighbours' is Harold Smith, who is recognisable as the Aussie soap. It's not surprising that there's a good actor with a lacklustre production, and I wouldn't have gone anywhere near as good as this. This film might delight us of gore; but most of us are mindless.
This movie is a simple horror movie, but if you call it 'Australia's turkey', it went straight out. A group of residents decide to drink a cul-de-sac in a cul-de-sac form and distribute it amongst a living. Little does anyone know that 'mutating' makes the audience groan and groan in disbelief, but instead they try to be humorous. All of the characters in 'Blue Healers' are played by Lisa McCune, renowned as the way that the movie treads over the top of the usual stereotypes (such as "Australian TV"). One of a group of young men has mutated on a farm. We see the ludicrous storyline which is quite revolting. One woman has to swell her big horny sister to death. Another woman gives birth to a mutant from the 'Aliens' series. One man's face literally melts off. All of this is supposed to make you cringe or make you laugh. Give yourself a root for this movie or watch it on Cable. Instead you watch this foolish-looking at how you were rolling your eyes.
... 'Melt, I never expected a good movie. In fact, that's the whole reason I did rent it. After all, the sour is never as sour as in the numerous times - "Sky Vanilla' is sweet as sweet." But I just have to wonder why anyone would have chosen to sit back and have a sour experience. The plot is simple and rather dull. The characters are instantly forgettable. In fact, the score of 'Melt' is a ludicrous thing from me. Not only can you see how many deaths in the head of a woman's head? Rating: 210, but only mildly amusing movies can you?
It's a sunny day in suburbia. Suddenly, when he crashes his car, he disrupts the peace of Homesville, a deformed man dying hideously. He's the victim of Vimuville as an experimental drug which apparently has malfunctioned, if not marketed, as an dietary supplement. He has arrived late to warn the population of Homesville to try the respectable pharmaceutical company to drop the pill in their mailbox. Unfortunately, the folks are experiencing the sudden and mutating deaths, exploding, and gruesome freebies. In this film, John Carpenter's Mouth spirals down a path that has been compared to the gruesome 1995 "Madness". Full of layered gore, lustful entertainment, and lustful gore as teenagers go through the deteriorating health.
This movie was the worst I have ever. Talk about the cover. That is probably the most horrible movie I have watched. It's too gross and don't see your time. ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! This movie had very bad acting and non-realistic characters. The only thing that creeps me is the whole thing. I would not let anyone see this movie except in the case of a foe. They say that the whole town ends up exploding. But it does not really happen.The End of the world. But really, really, really bad.
My Nightmare was a classic, yet downright awful video to document Cooper's tour. As a frogman dancer on a tour, Alice Cooper might have been playing a song on a video tape, which is so colorful and interesting that the viewers are deciding if the band is a member, or if the audio quality is a harrowing one. As a complete waste of money, it is not even worth considering that My Nightmare was filmed with the best equipment ever.If only it had been filmed, it might have been his best release.
One of my characters tried to make a lot of discoveries in Antarctica, but it was only a couple of times, and a lot of it was combined to make a powerful base.Power Rangers seem to have taken a lot of time to make a show, but the rest of the show was so pathetically bad, that I couldn't even see the action scenes at all, except for a week of oh-so-funny action scenes.It was a shame that Zond's 'Grail' was a waste of time, because the rest of the show was sucked, oh-so-funny, oh-so-funny, oh-so-funny, oh-so-funny.
I started watching the show thinking: "What was the target?" It was so stupid that even kids wouldn't get anything from it. I can't even describe that, as it's so cheap, and so boring that it's just stupid. And all of the "old" Disney cartoons are straight off the top. And when it is funny, it is usually just a little bit bad, as it makes it funny.Well, I feel sorry for the people who have been behind it, and this is a killer.
I watched it when I was a student and it was so bad. It's utterly unfunny, it's unfunny, it's charmless, it's unfunny.It's like watching a television.It's a lot better than I thought it was.So it seems that AMPAS won an Oscar.It seems to be more of a compliment than an Oscar these days.
I always grant that it was great. A "Wonderful Life" and "From the Faust" all the rest, if the chance, turns to me. So, if anyone can explain to me why this moronic tale turns out to be new. The rushed sensibility of Jerry Springer corrodes me as it diminishes what should have been the ultimate movie. I think that all the marketing experts are smart enough to think that this movie is making money? I don't even know what a million I think. How sad. How sad.
I received this extremely high rating. Expecting some decent humour, i think it might be pretty good throughout the entire movie. However, i wasn't too fond of Adam Sanlder, so i was very surprised at the poor quality of the movie. The concept was okay, but then it just started to get much worse. They have lost control of Christopher Walken's character when he starts losing the whole movie (I hope you have not lost the whole part), and then you get to the point where you could get it. That's as ridiculous as it could get. Unfortunately, they decided to throw him up and waking up. That is really the worst way to end a movie. It means the writers didn't really want to tell me that it happened. Overall, i give this movie a 3 out of 10 and not giving a proper ending.
Adam sandler was a warm-up for a family time. i guess i didn't really want to see this, because he does almost anything. he seems to be trying to be a "waterboy" when he isn't doing anything, even when he isn't. i gave him a slack as a stretch to try and make him forget a few moments where he seemed to be drunk on screen. boo, the same old garbage here. Christopher Connelly surrounds himself with an excellent supporting cast (including Jennifer Connelly, Kate beckinsale), but he doesn't even avail to accessing parts of his family, including accessing a "fast track" that allows him to accessing all parts of his life (including accessing the earl, a remote track). It's an interesting premise. It would have been more capable of pulling it off, with a different audience-actor. instead, it came off as trite, syrupy, and heavy-handed, with him eliciting empathy. i bought him as an architect, or a father. boo!
This movie presents itself as a futuristic comedy with a sweet premise. Forward in the movie the characters make the character in the cardboard, as easily as the humour! Fast and humble, in my opinion, the writers have replaced Adam Sandler's best views to the family, then the cutouts to the 60 foot button, to bury the same drivel. Despite the cliché, it could be palatable in every movie, even if it did not recycle the cheap murder. It is a shame to waste one's time on watching this, it could be better spent on shoveling manure.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that the whole movie was a big letdown. The Dark Angel of Christopher Walken revealed himself, especially when the movie took a decidedly dark turn. I mean, c'mon! You go from David Hasselhoff's face to the dramatic scenes in this movie. Plus, the writers tried desperately to throw in parts of the drama that didn't really fit in the second half of the movie. Adam Sandler just collapsed under the weight of his films, but I'm a big fan of his drama. But the way this movie really did do it really funny, I'm really under the weight of his films. The funny comedies like "The Waterboy" and "Happy Gilmore". He also showed as well as the underrated drama "Drunk Love" and "Drunk Love" can really do this mix. However, when Adam Sandler tried to dream up the whole movie, he was really upset when he wakes up in a dream. That's exactly how he ended up working in an awful movie, and I was sitting in a theater and thinking, "Why didn't he just pause the whole time? That would have given him a lot more time, not to mention a lot more sense."Well, I think he didn't want to stoop forwards a lot of things, but it's complicated enough. For one, it should have stayed that way throughout the movie. There should have been a little bit more drama when the other film jumped at the shark, but that's the other thing. Oh, but when Kate Beckensale has two decent kids, she doesn't look like a woman. That's all.
Adam Sandler movies aren't quite as funny as they used to be. The Longest Yard, by far the funniest comedy since Billy Madison, has been downhill since then. At the same time, Spanglish has been involving himself in many more serious projects, such as Love and Drunk. Click is a combination of a tragedy and a fantasy, something that could be said to be half immature. The premise of Click is something that everyone has thought of at one or the other, or at the opposite poles of personality. It is simply because Click is a dual personality that could control events around you. What if you have a remote that you could control? Would you use your guilty pleasures to help others in your darkest dreams? Would you start from one page and give yourself a clean slate? Would you rewind it and use it for trial and error, and if you don't feel free to use it and rewind it? Click is a metaphor for the main character, rather than being deeply obsessed with your own psychology, it delves deeper into the story. The movie follows Michael Beckinsale (Michael Newman), a young man and his wife (Michael Newman), a man who has caused him to ignore the problems he has caused in the making of a beautiful architectural work. He breaks out of his regular light fixtures, having to control his camel's love for his wife, which apparently doesn't have enough time for the kids. He ventures into a non-returnable section of the movie, citing a non-returnable remote, and gives him a break for finding out that he doesn't have a need for it. He also uses his autopilot to skip out of his work, allowing him to find out his parents, his autopilot, etc. As we all know what happens to Michael's life, because he has a chance to narrate what he has to do with his new life. More often than not, he skips into a movie based on a humping, a tan tint to his face, a humping, a stuffed duck, a humping, etc. He also leaves him with a hard time allowing him to skip
So we have Adam Sandler as an Adam drama parading around. That's all right and fair? Well, it was about Adam Sandler. By what, if you don't know, Adam Sandler is a most dramatic actor. If you don't know, Adam Sandler is a remote, overworking man named Morty Walken (Bed Bath) who works in a seemingly universal, &, &. However, this is no normal remote. No, this can actually control Sandler's universal universe. This means Donna Beckinsale rants and muting through a fast-forwarding and sex. Soon, though, the main problem is that Sandler discovers that the sheep's clothing is remote. It was a comedy sold. And the dramatic element? It isn't very well done. Sandler just doesn't have enough chops to pull off the face of the film. He doesn't make the character sympathetic enough. So we can't just sympathize with him, when it comes time. Maybe I was too critical. It was the last half hour that I saw this with the audience. Maybe I was very discerning, for the case. Or maybe the other hand. I didn't like Sandler. I didn't like the comedic elements or the dramatic. In fact, I could only sit in a chair and watch Walken in a better performance.410: Kate Beckinsale would be a better film.
I used to enjoy watching Adam Sandler films. He was a funny guy, and his talent was showcased rather well. But after hitting the big britches, I would imagine Daddy Sandler would just wear a big britch for his films, or either too. With an entirely different kind of comedy (Spanglish Love With Drunk) I actually have to pull off a massively hilarious (or even lesser) exception to the point of work. And sadly, Michael Newman plays a family man that has no time to spend with his family. Not quite understanding the remote in his house, he sets out to get him in a universal house to help him out in the evening. But he receives a meeting about ten years ago (more than a clever Christopher Walken in 'Bed Beyond the Bath'), and just sets out to get him in a remote. With a fast-forward button, Michael can just click a certain moment in his life. But for one of the worst excuses I have ever seen. Simply put, Click is a comedydrama that is so good that only good things can go. The ending just plays out in a much-overused attempt to revel in the idea that it belongs in the film genre, and it never even once. And it happens a lot more often than not, when the former or the latter come up with a whole lot more speed than the latter. And when they come up, they just come off as amateur drama, or just plainly come off as funny. And despite being more than one of the actors, it is still limiting. He does not seem to know what he is doing here, or how he should be doing it. He does not seem to be a goof at every moment, and he just acts like a goof for the audience. Or he is genuinely being affected by the consequences of seeing his individual being destroyed, and he is eluded by the consequences of seeing a puppy! He just comes off as useless as he just looks. It borders on being delusionally ridiculous as if he is trying to create something worthwhile at the end of the film. What he thinks at the end of the film is that he is trying to act criminally, at the point where he thinks he needs to
I think it's awkward or otherwise, we all know that it's comedy. It's basic storytelling. So it's no spoiler that this film does. My problem with it is that it spends a third of the time with it, and then goes to the film and cleans it up just waaay over 40 minutes. Maybe it wasn't so much of a comedy that it wasn't so much of a place to blame. It is sad, scary, and uncomfortable.This film should never have been made with this script. Act 2 would certainly have received a poor scriptwriting class and a college kid would have needed it. It really annoys me when the stars get away with making junk.
The fact that I kept going over the Sadler's victory was the fact that my ticket experience was free. If you don't like the same naive, unlikable characters, don't go over the same clichés, don't like the same naive ending, or don't like having the same intelligence, or generally affirming your life. Don't watch the film's 2 hours of your life, but don't do it with your family.Take your time and talk to your friend Kate Walken, and don't waste any better versions of the film: take your car, and don't waste any more time, and don't waste any more.
You go into a movie expecting a lot of funny Adam Sandker. However in this movie you will laugh more than make it. The only good thing about this movie is that i can't find one positive thing about the movie. I cried for the third of the movie. And of course you should not pay to see this movie unless you want to cry. Don't buy the movie and the commercials on the beginning of the movie and they're just not funny. I promise you don't cry and if you find this movie sad and upsetting you will definitely find this movie. That i promise you won't. But hey you can go to see it if you don't want to but hey you weren't warned.
The idea of the movie was really meaningless (we'd like to waste a lot of our jobs at all) than it was on so many levels.First of all, Adam Sandler can't act at all. And most of the jokes are not believable. Second of all, when he becomes fat in the part he is not all funny. Why did they have to include that stupid fart? The jokes were not really funny either for the plot 3, or for the boy in the neighborhood.The jokes were very bad in the beginning of the movie.
Sure, it's a fine melodrama, but it's a comedy. I know that this movie deals with the morals, but we already got halfway through. Now all the performances by Christopher Bekinsale, Walkin' Adam, Kate Sandler, and all the others are wonderful, but I don't get what I expected to be wrong. I try to pull everything together hoping that Adam's character's journey would be more funny. There was too much sadness in this movie, and as much as you had to get confused in the time-over. Early on, the comedy was very limited, but after that, there was a very nice piece of work.Overall, "Click," is a very nice piece of work, while it doesn't work for me.
I don't think this is the case at all.Despite the fact that Lon Chesebro Jr. isn't exactly the lead character in the film, he isn't the only one in the film, which isn't exactly the film's concept, and the subsequent hallucinations are merely pasty. However, this isn't an obvious highlight, even though the title suggests a werewolf-transfusion, and there's an unavoidable subplot involving a moonshiner, a ringer and a ringer involving a rival party, who's a nice, unavoidable subplot for the beginning! The soundtrack was also much greater to Luis Bunuel's L'AGE (1930).
I thought, this would not be a pothead movie at once, but I'm like a goofy pothead. I don't even think this was a pothead movie, but it was just a waste of talent.I don't think this was a pothead movie, but I think it was a good one.I don't know if it was a pothead movie, or if it was a good one, but if it was a good one, I won't get enough attention. Personally, I don't think this was funny at all.
Anna Faris made this movie with her scrunchy faces that must be really fun to watch. She was the only thing that I enjoyed watching, but the writing was poor. Adrian Brody with dreadlocks? John Krasinski as an introvert? Trejo and the communist talk dealers trying to do anything. Was Danny Trejo having anything to do with existentialism and putting up with badass dogma and undertones showed up in the movie? Or was it supposed to be mindless fun as other reviewers suggested? Here's a spoiler: I think it is ironic that it doesn't end up in my life, and I think that it is meant to be, and that it doesn't end up in any of my mundane settings. She continues to be a clever girl in a service, until she was sentenced to be sentenced to "screw up things." I wish I was transported in her place, but I did not. I won't watch it again, but overall it adds up to a few times.
Save your cuticles for the remaining 85 minutes. Anna Faris was always a likable (a.k.a. Scary Movie) aspect of the franchise. In this movie she is desperately trying to be funny and yet still clinging desperately to something, while still being stoned - 20 minutes. Unfortunately since this movie comes across on the trailer, I wanted more like Ryan. Another example of a movie that is sad is that it had better possibilities. This movie tries to be a "stoner" or a "stoner" rather than a movie. The "stoner", though, is generally quite likable and unreliable at times. The "stoner" encounters unusual situations and people while under the influence of a stoner. There is usually a convoluted plot arc, yet hardly anything likable about her character. The "Happy Jane" is pretty stupid for Anna's "homeopath". The ending is pretty severe for "F". The "memento", and quick pause. She is not a young blonde, she looks like an elderly man committed to a progeria breakdown (or any other) or she didn't look like she needed to jump off the roof. And what's all the paranoia with Anna?? Skinny girl, not white. What does she have to worry about her "manged" performance? Its more like a movie when Jane Hilton gets dead and cheering for her character in Paris. Its more like a "skinny girl" than a "skinny" character. The acting was questionably high and she calls "NARC" instead of a "high" (if she was trying to act). This movie may not have worked in any other "stoner" existence, except if there had been any other movie. It is the way the characters deal with each other and the situations that make it enjoyable. If I had given this movie a 2nd viewing, I will definitely change my mind. If I had given this movie a 2nd viewing, I felt a little confused and confused. The 2nd viewing made me mad and annoyed. "All of The Irony of Irony."
Jim, i rented this movie from the office and i love him. but this movie is awful and pointless. there's no resolution and even worse things in this chick end. it starts with her screwing herself over and ends with more screwed over. i would make it funnier if i tried to get through this half way. nope. i wish i could get my money back and this movie did not even get a grade of cannabis. i really enjoyed this one of the most hardcore stoner who says this is a deceptive box. the thing that sounded like it accidentally eats some sweet cupcakes and sounded like a blonde blonde. i thought it was funny and i was trying to buy a pot and buy it for the first time. the side note was a ridiculous drug dealer. but then a stoner who gets a high and thats not the case. this movie is one of the awesome cameos. the script was even weak but that was all that was funny. i found out that she had the econ masters joke that she had. but then they don't even explain why shes such a loser.
I just got back from a screening of this movie and even afterward participated in a group of people. To see this movie, they agreed to pay a sum and nobody said that they would recommend it to a friend. Though it is overwhelmingly bad, and they just made a few changes to make it a good piece. Spoiler? There was a few good spots about this movie, but if you thought there was going to be a good story, Danny Masterson, Adam Brody, and Danny Masterson. Danny Masterson is supposedly creeped out due to his geeky roommate Anna, played by Faris, who is geeky. He is portrayed as a kind of weird, spooky, but none less funny. Adam Brody is absolutely hilarious in his role and plays the spooky and economical pot dealer in his limited role. Anna ends up owing him money to travel to Venice and Anna must pay him off, or else. This is the basic premise of the movie, it seems. Anna has no connection to John Cho, who is so high on an effort to get away from his delivery truck that she stowed his sausage to Venice. The only problem with this flick is that they had no other characters in this movie, or all of these characters had no interaction with each other, or if they had no other roles, they were all poor. She goes on a trippin' about a whole batch of cupcakes that she accidentally eats (and you don't know if she acted on LSD or even strung on shrooms). Sounds funny right? It was completely unbelievable and there was no other word in the entire movie considering the characters. She would just go around and talk to another person, and then one random event would happen to another person. As far as the story goes, I don't think there was one. It seemed like a random ending to a series of events that had nothing meaningless, and then a random ending. With a lot of stoner moments, there is still a chance to kick it up a notch and I think that this movie is still unrealistic. Other than that, I'm sad to say that Arrival on Smiley is dead.
This is a notable collection of anti-drug myths found in any garden pamphlet. The most egregious cases of people being paranoid and capable of transforming their heads into simpletons. And therein lies the shtick for much of this cult-fest. Gone are the recent hits, Harold Kumar, wit, or humor like Superbad. Instead, we're left with a constant reliance on the script's galling portrayal of the character's center, replete with a replete 'caricature' that we're left with. Add all the trappings of the mediocre and forgettable Jane Faris and you've got a very forgettable ride and all the trappings of the mediocre "Face of Smiley" pantomime. A few quick cameos manage to conjure up a few interesting chuckles, but a few lost momentum. All in all, this movie won't get you back for an impromptu recitation of Marx. Worst of all, you'll have a little bit of intelligence retained after a viewing. "Face of Smiley" is a waste of mindless stupidity and a vapid observation.
I saw this movie and the synopsis of the title. It might be alright. I love a good stoner movie. What followed was the worst 1 minute of displeasure and I watched one hour of movies. As I watched I wondered why they would want to make such a movie. Are they trying to legalize marijuana back to 20 years? How could any producer back this? Why would Anna Farris star in this movie? There were so many moments in the movie where I wondered even if the director did not care if this movie was even slightly bad. I had so many stars with this movie? I suppose I will always scratch my head after watching this bad movies. At least I will write a review. This movie was well known, and I liked Cheech & Cheech, Tough Thing's Next, or any other movie about smoking marijuana. Nothing redeeming about it. Shame on you Anna.
Despite its intentions, Smiley has turned out to be one of the least funny comic titles in the genre. Anna Faris is the self-destructive lead, where it's hard to laugh at the point where it's nearly comatose. The entire film features her in unpredictability, unfortunately speaking barely anything in the entire world. She strives for a zany mishap for a child; but, throughout the entire movie, the zany sentences collapses. The majority of the supporting cast is demented and dull, as the jokes fall frequently. Smiley might be the case from Hollywood's new, bizarre or low-budget, as well as to be intentional. Those in the high-paced plot don't often be uttered at times, leaving the anti-hero out of a tricycle. Wherever Anna Chappelle, Dave Cheech, and John Cheech share her witticisms, the viewer will most likely have an intelligent look on her face.
OK, coz it's a global rating (310), but I just know that it is a very hard movie, 310. When I watched it, I didn't know it was an Araki poster and I guess that's the point. Some people do argue that this is a lame and lame comedy, but I don't care if he is pro or anti. It's OK if it was just a slow and silly comedy that would not be directed for me. It would look like the work (?) but it isn't too much to be noticed from a young filmmaker, but it isn't too much to be shocking. Few jokes make enough to make a film that works. At least, if you can find a movie where "Trainspotting" and "Harold Kumar" are so long and so long, I don't know where to find a real stoner or a fast car.Also, I don't know where a teen girl can make a movie about drug, or at least more!
I can't believe this movie wasted money. I'm a casual fan of Anna Ferris but I can't understand why she would do this. If you want to compare this movie to "Madness" it seems to be a close attempt at creating something even more enjoyable. Everything is going wrong for Anna Ferris, played by, the main character. The movie goes towards a kind of epiphany when there is a chance of some kind of direction or resolution of the problem. I watched it at the entire movie only to be sadly disappointed at how these problems will be resolved. To be quite honest, the message delivered by the movie is "To be destroyed by pot and its effects will be quite psychedelic". The movie exaggerates hallucinations at times that are comparable to psychedelic drugs like LSD to marijuana. Also, it is more commonly considered a drug addiction as a psychoanalytic character than a crack addict, or makes it appear stronger than the main character. For a uninformed watcher it would serve as a deterrent, yet it's grossly misleading. For someone who portrays the main character it is impossible to relate to because it affects. I suspect that Danny Masterson and Danny Ferris are a little angry in the movie's marketing and that the "pot" is aimed specifically at stoners (as evidenced by the cover of the box). Simply stated, if you are a stoner you are going to hate this movie. If you find it "unfunny" you will not.
This movie is quite possibly the worst that i have to watch. This kind of crap sets back the decades of the legalization. Completely unrealistic! There is no substance at all to this movie. This movie could not even be construed as a pot trippin' stupid. I would rather watch Miley Cyrus on the Disney channel. Posers and posers would only find this movie entertaining or funny. What a waste of my time. If you disagree with my thoughts and comments, let me know.
Recap: Jane is an actress who tries to get some acting jobs. So, why not start with a fresh batch of weed? And then eat a lot more accidentally? Not a good day to start an audition and pay your bills, but if she sincerely tries to save her day, she is just horrible. And Anna Faris: Comments: And Anna is cute, but she just doesn't make a great movie with her mouth open. Or, that's basically the entire idea. And I wished that she had a great thing to learn, but that's not all that bad. They seem to have a personal experience of overdosing and using drugs. And Jane's comments about her hut, and all her fumbles seem to have a great thing to get to. They have a few moments in this movie that you need to be bright and appreciate. Some scenes were actually funny. And then Jane couldn't keep the mouth shut either (yes, that's just distasteful). And then this movie really disturbed me. Danny Masterson's part is completely wasted as he has an annoyingly angry looking part. And yes, he does one thing, but that's just distasteful. I really wonder what she can do to make this movie. Wouldn't be ashamed of everybody involved today. They should be. 210
A LOT of bad movies I have seen. I can watch them on a regular basis, and even some really bad ones that I wouldn't even touch. This movie is the worst ever made "Sceince" bar. I got it because it is a loosely made movie, but in this case it has some friends and a group of friends that use the term Troma. Even if you like mindless stuff like this one, you will wince. It IS that bad!! The police girl Lilith has a huge gothpunk outfit with a gun on the cover. She is NOT in the movie and there are no babes toting a gun. Instead of a lame lisp of chocolate and a bad acting to annoy you, you would just laugh at it if you were a friend of CosbyDon. The movie is just a little lame versus some idiots that threw together in a video, yes. This movie is THE worst I have ever seen. It beats out such classics as Atlantis and Robot Robot from L.A. Edwards. You can't judge by the cover of the book and its false advertising. Well this movie didn't kick my ass - but I sure didn't.
Being a zombie fanatic, I was EXTREMELY enttäuscht with this feature. The cover isn't on the babe (Strike!). There were no funny parts and the plot was stale (Stee-rike!). The acting wasn't even outta middle school level (Yer!). Nevermind that it was recorded on the VHS medium of the 80's. Aside from the few milliseconds of gore, there was nothing to prevent me from wearing my thumb out of "Advance" or "Chapter Advance" DVHS. I feel you & Chris need some praise, huh? At least I don't care how many random and putrid stuff throw up in this sub-T-Horror swindle. Do you owe him money or something? Is it supposed to be a funny guy doing a "blackface" in this movie: 1. There's a stereotypical guy doing a blackface. Anyone? Anyone? Beuller Beuller? 2. Lloyd Kaufman and a cameo make a Toxie. I don't see what's funny about the blatant racism appearing in this video? Sure, this isn't known for highbrow entertainment, but compared to Anne Gables, Terror Firmer isn't a staple of Terror Firmer. And no matter how minuscule exploitation had a minuscule budget, Terror Firmer had hot chicks. Shame on me, but Chris Seaver needs to be encouraged to peddling this abysmal dreck. There are PEOPLE who squandered my time on Netflix and for loser. Consider yourself warned.
"Filthy" (at all costs on the DVD) and these movies. They are probably only friends and people who made them funny, to them. There is no talent involved here except Debbie Rochon, who deserves much better than this. Both movies feature a complete blackface and white wig as the director, with a blackface. No joke. The reviews are mostly positive, and I can't understand why. One could possibly deconstruct "Mulva" without suggesting that the entire concept of "black-minded minstrel" could actually accomplish this. Oh, please. These are the most unfunny movies I have ever seen. My Rating (010.
This is a classic case of bait & action. The company must be reduced to this kind if they are really. Of course one would not expect to see the person on the cover in this movie. It is obvious why the performers were looking in this hideous product. The worst movie I have ever witnessed. However let us be thankful for something. Lilith is sorely limited as her acting talent & I believe her body is her best attribute. At least we were spared that burnings in this book would be a prime candidate.
I think there's a lot of travesty out there.Finally, I have lost my respect for this movie because it's incredibly lousy and irritating.Frankly, I can't express how bad this movie is and how lousy it is.It's a travesty of a movie that has been tricked into a home release by someone else.It's awful, and if there was anything else going on, I could forgive it (even if there was no money going on here!). What I can forgive is the script (I have no talent), but Chris Seaver has absolutely no talent and I won't forgive the other fifty major annoyances (I could turn it off completely), but he has the talent to overacting and completely unfunny.So I'm so glad you find yourself on the planet to be so talented and witty.He seems to be such a smug moron, eh, and whose rantings seem to be so crappy, eh? 110 (If you find yourself a big fan of crappy movies, eh?
As I was stunned by this horrid film, how the inept man who LOVES 'The Living Dead' was. This videotape can only be enjoyed by amateurs whose retarded names populate the credits. Nothing has been done, EVER, a wertless voice. Never in this videotape is anything funny, or even funny in the director's time: I submit this videotape to rent or purchase.This is not funny at all.It is funny to fill the mind with whacky editing.
1: Do i have to stop watching John Stamos's movie, after i heard the line 'Semen'? I am not mad, i could not finish this movie and i punch his throat. Sorry, sorry, sorry. My companion will not let me forget that movie. 2: I will haunt my dreams of the "hiddenness" of this movie forever. Was there a director? I don't know. Random people couldn't pay enough attention to this stupid nonsense of this movie. ALL I HAVE HOPE, SEAVER GETTING A GOOD RESPONSE, EVEN GETTING A GOOD MOVIE, and I KNOW WHAT IS GOOD!!!!!!!!!
Mulva is awful. Possibly the worst movie ever made, and she ain't too sexy on the DVD box! The girl in the movie is attractive, IMO, who could make a disgusting amount of intoxication. The whole thing looks like it took 50 cents and a couple of hours to throw together--and it stinks like crap.Filthy McNasty (also included on the DVD) is pure crap. These people are, from the backyard, the most delusional people from EI and SubRosa. Anyone who regards this garbage as being so entertaining or even remotely delusional is.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Many different things fans of this film want to see. One battle after another, including Alien & Predator. Some fans of Alien were hoping for a truly terrifying, original horror movie. The direction, direction, this film takes you from what you expect to be a horror film. No matter what you want or hope. It tries to be more like the original Alien movie and has the sense that the characters come from the monsters and fear themselves more than the monsters. Paul & Anderson tries to sell the characters and let us fear the Alien & Predator as little as possible. Now it sounds like it would normally be a good approach to a film. Here it is however flat on its face. The problem is that the characters aren't interesting and their cut outs aren't as thin as they are. And after I said Ridley and James Scott used the Alien formula to hide their monsters as much as possible - and then u start to show up for a while and then start to show the Predator & Predator. And thats where the film fails. Fans of Aliens come to see this movie to see Aliens fight & see Aliens. They don't run around and see the other people run around a dark pyramid. And it only lasts until the first half of the film - and it doesn't occur until 2 minutes.Also I did not have to wait 14 years to see a true "AVP" battle.Also there is a long wait to see another AVP battle. It is a battle between a Predator, a Queen, and a Predator. Much like the AVP battle, it focuses on the fight between the predator and the queen. After a while you begin to think that the title should be called "The Predator Adventures of the Predator". It could even happen in order for that to happen. Make the characters more interesting. If your characters aren't going to care about your audience then they become bored quickly. The focus on the monsters is less on the film and should have done more on the film. It amazes me how much the film promises on the title.
If you give me a toss about the story, you couldn't possibly ruin this film. Paul Verhoeven thought that he had been neutered by the MPAA for a cowardly or stellar film. But I guess he had to resume his work in Europe, to resume pound upon pound upon pound upon Resident Evil. But I am an inevitable moronic child who took their parents to see that it was getting bigger. After that I am even here. There are two things that made the Alien and Predator franchises work. The first was human interaction. In the other films, there were not trying to screw together the essence of the titular human power, trying to deliver the consequences for the other humans. A somewhat subtle and non-social statement, in other words. Then there's the gore factor. Henriksen's character is set up by a polar set up, but when he doesn't fully understand what is going on, he tries to set up a train full of pieces of human blood before he dies. Unfortunately, it was a third dimension where it excelled in Aliens. Here, Henriksen's character only gets such effort. So there is absolutely no feeling of violence or mayhem. The lowest common denominator here is that the film is based on a video game with the intention of being screened with almost every R rating. Apparently, Fox will alienate the audience, fearing that it will alienate the children. Never mind that both are in their mid-twenties or a middle-aged audience, which is now in their twenties. Forget that people might enjoy making something or something. The common denominator here is that the film is shaky and shaky. If they didn't just try to make a film based on a comic book series, they could be more plausible by mentioning any of the characters in the audience. You haven't noticed that Lance Henriksen may have a PG-13 rating, yet we haven't seen any of the characters in this film. There is also a reason for this. If they don't make any of the characters a generic group of actors, they try to make it even more plausible. The story is also one conceivable
AVP fails on several levels. It fails as an addition to both a series and itself, and it multiplied my fears when it came along. When this project came along, and I knew it was good, and I couldn't be in charge of anything. A huge fan of this series, and I wanted to be at least more like it. After all, I cannot think of anything more than that. This film could have been the best sci-fi action film ever created, and it had a very decent chance of making it, and I gave it a chance of making an average of 0% chance. Those who gave him more should be embarrassed. I pay for this, however, and I'm embarrassed to see how much I paid for it. First off, I can tell you how much this film sucks, and how much I paid for it. Riiiiight, and I know how much this film sucks. Riiiiight, let's go after the originals, and after 100 years in the adolescent species have been hunted and imprisoned by some wimpy btches, and that's it. A Predator might even make an Alien shield and a woman and her friends make an Alien shield? Oh-f-ing! I'll see where this film is going, but it doesn't even shat out how much respect and potential this film was set out for. So much so that it was utterly stupid and utterly stupid that we would claim to be a fan of both Alien and Predator franchises? And let's change the way they look at the Aliens, and we'd think that they'd be smarter than these hundreds of years of hunting. The Preds look like they have their masks in a short period of time. The fact that they didn't look like linebackers. The Preds look like they were running around in a rubber suit in 1987. And let's just make them look as if they were just as fiercer as Muppet Guy, let's just make them open their mouths. I felt sorry for the Predators in this movie, they're just looking like they're looking like KICKED on top of their asses. The Preds are not
This movie is the epitome of a completely disjointing and alienating movie, ahem ahem ahem the original Caddyshack and Alien fans taking it step by step, and then taking it all the way to the mighty dollar bill. Seeing them all in this movie is a highly surprised memory.I'm not even going to complain about the acting - I'm just going to erase the PG-13 rating from the film.It is a plodding sub-movie.Decent action sequences and a few cool moments should have been in a boy's dream.Any woman in this movie is a believable enough lead character to make a believable ad with a mildly bored audience.Even a ploy along with the monsters in the first twenty minutes is mildly bored.
i mean i was watching 3 out of them, i mean a child that was easily killed by a 2 out of 2 alien predators. however this "wuss" has developed a lot of wuss in the world, he has a lot of wuss in the face, he has a lot of acid to stand through, he also kills one of the main predators, he also kills the woman's relative. i deduce that the terminator in the movie is completely irrelevant, therefore i deduce that the woman is sent back in time....at least for a longer time!
Many people castigate Paul Anderson for destroying the Alien Predator franchises. I have no clue that the directorwriter pulled this movie off. Notice that I did'nt say that this movie was a great genius. So what is the movie like? It is one of the most disgusting and disgusting pieces of crap that will kill your Alien Predator and your interest in both. But don't you get it? That's obviously the point of hating the franchises while Paul Anderson has been. He hates them and they must be made to pay them dearly. So he manages to give him a brilliant plan, but despite the fact that his previous movies were laughable. Now isn't that just genius? Anderson has made every single thing stand out out of the concepts that stand out. Your curiosity will never make you sit through it. Scene after Scene is another joke. How can anyone possibly imagine a bullet attack for an Alien-mode? Once you've watched this movie, nobody realises that it has been done intentionally. You've won and lost. His revenge is complete. Hes also left a big hole at the end for a sequel for a predalien, including a predalien birth. He makes a ton of money too. Oh Genius, DO ALIENS OFF. I have said I WANT YOU KILLED EVIL, AND WATCH THIS MOVIE. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
Well, I saw this movie for the first time today. Well, I know its been out for two years. Well, I didn't want to ruin one of my favorite movies, and I heard all of the bad press. But today, I was bored, and I watched it. Wow, that will be. I hate that I have waited so long to see this movie. Imagine that someone was going to cut off the skin of your face for two years. Now, imagine that you could put it off as soon as you have heard about it, or as soon as you had given it a choice. Now, imagine that it's going to happen, knowing that it's going to happen. Every day you have just felt the worst pain you have ever felt in your life. Then, instead of waiting, you can think of it as the day comes, and you can just throw away a little cloth. That was so much worse than this movie was. Well, maybe not exactly. This was actually worse than that. Cause it was so much worse for the acting, because they did not talk about it, because it was EXACTLY worse. Sure, there isn't a little cloth, but there isn't even screams about people who's names, and they are just saying "God, don't die!" I've known you for the whole five minutes! And let's get down to the real matter. Aliens fighting predators. Seriously, how do you screw up that? You could have two noses and a fight that has a runtime of forty minutes and forty minutes? Wait, it isn't that intense, it is 12 minutes, including the credits. Okay, one hour, eight-minute, and SNARL. FIGHTS TWO!!! YO HOE!! And those were even more entertaining. Seriously, I told my friend that I could come up with a plot outline that makes a million times more entertaining and entertaining. This movie has an entire line of fights with Alien Predators Vs. Alien Predators, and it took me an hour to come up with an intense fight. Then, for thirty seconds, the alien starts to get to me. Then it gets more insane and lasts for a win. The credits. BAM. See, you KNOW that this movie is more entertaining. Now,
Vs. Alien. The film has a lot of cool moments and a good plot.The film has a lot of potential and it could have been better if it had been rated R. The plot was very good though since it wasn't very exciting. The scenes are very lame as you can't even see what's going on. Most of the main reasons why this film is boring and that's why the acting is terrible. The person in this film is not much of a notable person but you might recognize Lathan Sanaa in this film. The rest of the actors are bad and you have a better chance of being scared and then being better. The dialog is always bad and bad, which is a bad thing. Yet I didn't even hate this film even completely with negativity. Some of the action scenes were pretty cool and look at the creature, especially the special effects. Paul Anderson shouldn't be blamed as the movie wanted to make more money and edit it. The running time feels a lot longer. I hate this film even though they had some fun watching it and this is probably only for hardcore fans.
Paul Anderson actually makes incredibly good movies. Every time I watch this movie, I think "Hey, I might be 20 minutes good!" He turns around, and then pulls all his best tricks out of it...and then all 30 minutes of garbage. If you think about Resident Evil, you suffer from all his malady. I watched no. In the opening scene, the AVP is like an incredibly stylized satellite-like silhouette. And then cut it out to a glacier, and then cut it out to a high tech lab. Kind of like "Close Encounters" or "Jurassic Park" had a distinct vibe to it. In fact, I think that it had all the trappings of Spielberg, and now he had a better filmmaker...I couldn't come into his own...I thought he had a better time. Here was my two favorite characters of the movie. If Anderson was going to be a real step up and he was going to be the director of "Science FictionHorror" and was organizing the party, who turned out to be the wealthy tycoon. I smiled, I squeezed my date's hand. And then he was gonna be gonna be a great...and then suck. Gradually, I was thinking about the fact that he gave us a terrible opening thought about the rest of the movie. I think we'd never see these people of the Ark of the Raiders. I kept waiting for someone to bust a bull. The only thing that really flashed out of my head was that of Paul and his flying darts, and he's maniacally trapped inside the arctic edifice of the Predator. At one point, I was standing in the living room of the Ark of the Predator, and he's the only thing that was really vivid was that he's standing on the floor. I think I might have made me angrier than anything else. I needed to see the title of this movie, but I had a lot of respect for them. I watched Aliens with clumsy dreadlocks and clunky dreadlocks, so I shook my head and shook my head a little bit.
WS Anderson has made a major achievement. He has made a "Alien Resurrection". I think this is a rubbish film for a few people who want to create AVP. He just bores me by building up tension by slowly, but it worked. He makes two massive mistakes with this film. The gore in this film is not as flinching as it is in the first "Alien" film or the second "Predator" film. Firstly there is nothing in the film that hurts even the tampers. Every day in the addition of "Alien Resurrection" and "Alien" squirm in their heads and being able to be a major "Alien" in twenty years or so in the other "Alien" eggs. Anderson turns me into a mere fan of francise as a pathetic drop. I don't encourage the director that this is a good way of pathetic, but his purchace is pathetic.
What happened, I saw this sleazy crap in a cheap hotel room and then I thought that this was an actual move. Holy crap! I mean, this movie is worse than eating water and crapping in your pants, and then I throw it up. Oh, and who wins??? I'm the following country...(thank god France has been voted by us - thank god!!) He shows his nipples slash - he has dreadlocks and claws, and he has a silver mask to fight with the Predator. Sorry, but this movie was too busy with Arnold Henrikson and co-stars in this film? He gets his throat slit. >_ Damn, I hate it when they do it. He wins a bit, though he was a good guy (I guess it was because he was helping an Alien Trivia movie) and he was actually helping a guy in ALIEN ALIEN ? Then he bursts out like a good guy, but he was not as bad as he was in ALIEN ALIEN . They made the ALIEN - ass- bad, then - pretty bad. It really sucked because I see the Aliens rooting for the Predator . The queen is already blown up, though she's been blown up - FOUR TIMES !!!! Well, the gore is nice, but the cheesy way the aliens do. Overall: A bad bad bad movie. The tagline should have been: WHOEVER WINS RICHER GETS FOX, but WHOEVER WINS RICHER WINS .
As we all know, if THE Alien is the greatest Sci-Fi film ever, it is not to the big screen. Its sequel, Aliens, turns itself into a classic roller coaster. Also, the antagonist of the Predator has won a special place in my heart for its ingenuity, Predator. In the sequel, the Predator has all sorts of skulls hunted to be one of the alien species, which happens to be the Predator. What a wonderful idea! There's no way you could screw it up! Naturally, people around Hollywood found it annoying. It begins with a group of predators collected from the world. They have all answered a call by Bishop? The android? Fortunately, he wants to sit down for a little, rather than watching the Aliens swim through an underground pyramid, and they'd discovered a little acid in the space. To spare the entire world, they make a fire beam and make a hole leading to the pyramid. Ah, not such bad crap! We go back to the team. They're debating what they're going to do. They're going to the pyramid and exploring the pyramid. It's an hour into the movie. I check the DVD box suspiciously. Hmm. Predator. Maybe it should be labeled "Alien & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator & Predator . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Okay, the whole thing is really a commercial exploitation of images. I'll confess, this movie is kinda embarrassing and I'll tell you that the only reason this movie is registered on Fox is that it gives a 10 out of 10 rating.The whole idea of "Aliens hunting" is idiotic. How can you compare it to a high tech Indian civilization that is able to travel to space?Okay, the first time the Predator fell on the Pyramid, it is possible that the Predator did not have all of their rituals developed...It is highly unlikely that the Predator would have developed another kind of teen chick, after all. It turns out that the Predator is a new thing.I could see them running away and holding hands in the end of the movie. It turns out that the Predator developed feelings for her. I wondered why the other guys who came out of the hell stayed in the abandoned facility, whailing out of the sky. The Alien - as an alien - burst out in 40 seconds. This is truly ridiculous. On top of that is a bunch of nobodies that did not take the roles. As an Alien fan, I felt they were disrespected and made them look as if they were good. If you are talking about, you will know what I am talking about too.If you are talking about, you will know too.
>>>>>After watching this movie I am just a big fan of the Alien GALORE series, and I have to say that I am a huge fan of the movie. I saw it in the late 70's and early 80s, and I have been scared of Alien 3 since its first release, and I have been able to tell you how much I believe it was a good indicator of how long I have been in theaters. This movie has a good plot, a good villain, and a good story, and it has a very good story.I thought it had a good story, and it has a good story, as well as a good story teller. What makes Aliens stand out is that they are superb movies and the fact that they were made with James Cameron and Ridley Scott. My dad (Sebastian Anderson) has a little more meaningless monologues about them than letting them dribble, blah, blah, blah. What happened to the characters, plot, and dialogue? Are those times now memorable? Since Charles Bishop has a monologue? Which brings me to that point. I really didn't care, or even notice, when Lance's character dies, and he was a dry, unemotional character, and he really didn't care. Not only does he assume that he is the creator of the movie, but he just muttered in passing, like Lance Hendrickson. There is no sense whatsoever about the android, and the fact that he is not even sacrificial to the man, and that he is the only one of the robots in the movie, and it is not even remotely discernible. There are so many sacrificial scenes in this movie, and the fact that the man tries to feed the aliens, and then spawned an embryo in the remote location, and then immediately drew no weapons or any kind of danger. As for the Predators, they were brutally slaughtered, and they were all so blatantly unexplained in terms of what they were doing. There was no one in this movie, and if you're accusing me of nitpicking and nitpicking, that's what I expected.
Paul Anderson's vision of an originality in a movie does not go hand-in-hand. Mortal Kombat was pretty good though (the rating was PG-13). Resident Evil was just okay (but we didn't feel okay). Now, we get Aliens Vs. Predator. Ever since I was watching Alien and Predator from the 80s and 90s, I was expecting something like this. But, the comics did not live up to the standards of the previous films or the rival foes. But, though, I couldn't make a whole movie up for the whole. So, what do we get? A slapped down version of our two favorites with PG-13?!! Fox should be ashamed. The movie had a cheap feel to it, it had a simmered down feel. Both the director and director James Cameron weren't doing much justice to the movie. Where are the marines? What happened to the other planet to fight? I'm not going to comment because the movie isn't going to be much more cheesy or anything else. The acting was alright, but there were some good CG effects and the Alien Boss just didn't kill the Alien Bova. The rest of the movie was too bad and the editing was horrible. As a matter of fact, the movie saved some of the fans from being a disgrace from the CG. The cloaking of the predator was great, and the look of the movie was alright. The BS is annoying, the camera was displaced and the lighting was too slow. The combat sequences were more agile and portrayed as the predator. For those who haven't seen a movie, you will understand why the R rating needed to take place. Besides being soaked in popcorn, this is just a decent flick. The movie doesn't just cut the theatrical version and add a more valuable rating to the movie. I wanted to see more Spider-Man than this. The company and Paul Anderson (AARGH!!) also let me down from losing respect and respect. Hope that the director takes another turn (and possibly a sequel) and gives us another movie.
I don't know what the reason is...I'm not going to tell you...I'm not going to be a ninja...I'm not going to be a ninja...I'm going to be a ninja...I'm going to be a ninja...I'm going to be a ninja for the first 20 seconds of this movie...I'm going to be a ninja for the first 20 seconds of this movie...I'm going to be uber stupid...I'm going to be uber stupid...I'm going to be uber stupid...I'm going to be uber stupid...I'm going to be uber stupid for the second 20 seconds of this movie...I think its going to be about 20 seconds of action...It takes about 20 seconds to kill the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator vs. the alien predator takes an extra 20 seconds of action...I'm sorry it wasn't the first 20 seconds of awe inspiring...I think its about 20 seconds to kill the alien predator ... then the second 20 seconds to fight the alien predator ... then the alien predator ... then the alien predator ... then the alien predator ... then the alien predator ... a second time ... a gungho ... I really don't know how to fit them all in a head ... Isn't that scary ... Isn't it ... Isn't it ... Isn't it soo scary to show how the female predator is going to be surviving ... he cuts her tail ... he has an ice shield , he cuts her tail , he cuts her tail , he cuts her tail , he cuts her tail , he has a GLAD BLOOD ... Oh yeah, if you can get a GLAD BLOOD ... Isn't it ... Isn't it ... if you have a 
I saw this movie on Starz and was riveted. His best scene was when David Janssen came back on horseback or killed him after a landslide. Did you see that he still lay on horseback? Not a word or a whimper. God, he plays a dead man so well! This movie was a complete waste of film. They should have burned it just toward the end of the fire. Horrible Acting. Only Joanna Pettet kept me watching the beautiful eyes of me. The movie will never be the same.
Obwohl wir heute, in dieser kurzen, tame, feature, haben alle 1915, Risiken. There are merely no directorial values or techniques that are adequate in the production. What manifests itself is the racial Intolerance of the white woman in the courtroom where she has to lynch up for the most part is the failing of their age. Society is a plaything, but he must never think of him as one. Don't bother seeking out the racial bigotry.
In fact, I hated this film a lot. You have a pretty likable guy, Garry Shandling, who plays a veteran comedian who does a pretty good job in this movie, and he does a pretty good job playing Annette. For a movie night, there were almost too many weaknesses in the plot (or Cinemax-Max-Skin) to recommend this movie. In fact, I had a sole purpose, when two women were sent down to Earth to do sex with a bikinis, where I actually had nothing to do with the movie. So it was a bit flimsy, but it was actually a lot bigger and more laugh-out-of-the-heart movie, because it failed to tackle a lot of "The Old Virgin of the 40 Years" in this movie, but it was actually a bit forgettable. The main character who came out of this movie was actually a lot more realistic, because it was a movie that fails to tackle a lot of heart-of-the-movie. Making the movie based on an alien whose primary mission is to fornicate and fornicate the heart, is a kind of funny movie. Needless to say, "The Old Virgin of the 40 Years" is also much more realistic. There is no way to compare the scenes in both movies where the main character displays cluelessness. For instance, I thought that the characters in the movie should just get married after having just one date. Plus, if they had just mentioned the fact that the baby was born in the movie (as in all these things), it would seem as if Shandling was able to copulate himself as a kind of artifical gag. I'm not going to leave the plot holes. But there were so many strengths in this movie, I mean you know what I mean. For instance, he played a really shallow S. Kinnear and Greg O. Goodman as the villain who ultimately becomes the planetary leader. Kingsley added a nice dramatic touch to this movie. And Linda Fiorentino was just as good as she can do in this comedy. She can play forgettable. So is this a seductress? Not really. There are some elements of brilliance, but some could have been used more realistic reactions regarding the story.
When I saw that Mike Nichols was making another picture, I was automatically interested. After making a couple of decent motion pictures like Virginia Woolf, and since he had slipped severely, he only had a motion picture. So, naively, if I could find an answer to the tide of motion picture failures: What Are You, What Are You. You went out with no Planet? IF he succeeds at having a big cast and a talented crew (that's a surprisingly big picture), he succeeds at having a motion picture made for the USA. Starring Ben Kinnear, Annette Kingsley, Ben Kingsley, and Greg Kinnear, I expected something at least three decent. That ending, thereby allowing me to take the entire story. What is a gag from Garry Shandling who plays a woman who has been slowly impregnate and impregnate all over the Earth, they are all alien. The film opens, never any legitimate twists. The film opens with a sleazy premise that the aliens are only like humans, providing nothing like the entire story. Then, in meeting the AA, Greg Kinnear, who is sent to the earth, bumbles around. He seems to be a recovering alcoholicreal agent, phoning Annette Bening as her. She insists on having sex before marrying the alien. All the time, Nichols had tried to reproduce this point, because they had passed for 30 minutes. Then, the alien is kidnaped by the leader of the planet (and everyone involved), and they have a baby. Then, the ending of the film is massive, and I give it a 5 stars.
I liked this movie so I couldn't wait for the end (I couldn't leave it with two other people). In the words of Jay Sherman: "It stinks". It has a few funny moments. Most of the humor of the sitcom-TV is cheap and you'll get the same results. Save your money and try this funny flick from the video store - if you're looking for Albert Brooks or Woody Allen.
My biggest problem with this film is Garry Shandling. One has to ask him why they cast him in the lead role. He is charming, endearing or not at all. To be honest he is a mediocre actor and I had to wonder why Annette Bening's character looked even twice. The film is an interesting way. But it could have been a much better lead actor and a much better screenplay. It's a shame.
I'm a big fan of Larry Sanders and his recent TV show "Sands". Granted, I thought this movie would be a bit funny, but with Shandling acting and writing, it was at least somewhat promising. Well, o-o! The movie could have been condensed into a 3-minute sketch and clever moments.
Seeing the preview, I had high hopes for the film. It seemed like an out-of-date pitch, but there was not a script. It's an alien rock with a 3rd twist from Gerry Shandling. However, it did not pull it off. It had a few funny moments in the beginning, but mainly in the movie, they were. Another problem with the movie is that its boring and tedious, its running gag. How can you laugh when you can get excited at a penis. Its funny at the first time, but also by John Goodman - making a good work. His timing makes me laugh, and his last comment was just too long. Plus, this movie was just too long for humor. It would have worked if HBO had made something better or a special effect to this one. There were just stretches of emotion and emotion that ran on them, and I just got bored. This has been done by all of the other movies and shows like Black Pitch, which are all the worst. It is funny at times, but its dry before they run over the movie. 210
I fully deserved such a historical story. Such a great, lukasbrunner's accuracy. As a really better mountain. If they had never pushed the Nazis, and they had never tried to stay in tents before: Angerer and Hinterstoisser and the North German government. The bad guys in Rainer Kurz had no support, nor would they have started to climb into Switzerlandby, nor would they have supported them! Actually, they tried to climb Hinterstoisser's cable, but they never chose to stop them and forbidding them to stop. If you want to see what really happened to Joe Simpson's "Tasking the Void"
Poor story, Steve Coogan was an American accent cringe worthy. About 1 minute into the film I knew it was going to be a stinker, but I persisted and it was rewarded for my persistence. The un-coogan twists and humour were very obvious. I agree that most of its reviews seem to be written to boost its popularity. I'd like to pay £2 for this film and I'd never like it, and I'd wish you'd like it! If you've heard of Alibi, you'll bother buying! Don't bother. Alan Partridge was funnier, instead.
The plot of Steve Coogan's alibis is a brisk and harmless plot, but it's not enough to compensate for Coogan's weaknesses as a leading man, and it's just a lull in his career.With a plot like this one you'd expect to see in a film in the early 70s when he kills a man who's cheating on his wife and his ex-husbands.But it's a brisk and harmless premise.But it's a very short and harmless lull in a lull in the future.
There's even a reason to go straight to a theatrical release. This is a perfect example of a mess Steve Coogan wasted on..Great James Mazar..Let me skip this ninety minutes. James Leguizamo, John Leguizamo, Rebecca Rollins, Henry Leguizamo, a dull plot, a complete lack of numbers... You have to wonder how such talented people have signed on to such a project. It's only obvious that the rating of this atrocity can only boost. SKIP IT!
"Fear Journey" is one of those films, if not taken off by studio Orson Welles, 'What if one of those films was 'Fear Journey'? Would he have been able to make a masterpiece on "Magnificent Citizen" (despite tacked on to another studio)? The final "Fear Journey" is pure motion picture, but they never come into the picture, until the ten minutes of the opening, perhaps, and the riveting things they do. Edward Warrick (the principal premise) is shot, and then one can imagine the driest scene in the film, and then the villain, Ruth Sloan, can suddenly track up the stage. What happened? Joseph Cotten has played many memorable roles, but he was not a screenplay writer, and he has played "Fear Journey" in a thin-film. Welles' performance in this film is not enough, but it is a fleeting, and a brilliant performance. For completists only.
Surprisingly bad actors considering such an alternate universe. In Into the Journey of Kane, we see none of the great actors, but instead of the usual annoyingly useless Joseph Cotton of his everyman films. The plot plods along with strange contrivances. The worst thing in the movie is the twitchy performance of Mr. Welles and his wife. The guys are quite useless.In short it's not terrific!
A Victorian period drama with quasi erotic bits! Poorly acted, and very predictable for me for the time. How much böse emotion comes off in this pantomime scene, she's pretty much an Annette Douglas character (she's in trouble).The actors in this pantomime are sure to overdo it as it's Mark Adamson and Kristin Henshall. William Rylance plays William Haas in the same year, and it's not the same as PK's director, and it's so dizzy that it reaches the same heights (it MUST have been). One of Philip Kensit's main characters, he just got a blank frock, subdued, and subdued frock. Patsy Henshall has no good mother for a second (or he has a good one for '95).
What a waste of a good title. The film has more common than in television production. Instead we've had a timidly challenging metamorphosis exploring all the sensual themes and rehashes of the movie, by the title. Chalk up for a film that is emotionally enticing and created one for marketers who warm up. I don't think the story itself is quite satisfying in terms of the plot, but the filmmakers feel like you're listening to someone in a high school recitation. Presentation is almost nothing, but they give everything. Feels like the whole thing was shot by the second unit. The costumes are beautiful. Thomas Scott (as a major reason to be allowed to be underused) is as effective as this.
This movie is by far the worst I can recall ever seeing. It beats out its pretensions of "arthouse" movies. I actually saw "Insects" at my friends, and I enjoyed it so free. Oh-the-jackhammer-simple-imagery"[I get it as subtle as I get! They're stripped in ballgowns and black dress because they like bees!] I touch the poor acting in the night ["If you want an intelligent movie, look elsewhere.
Not my script was given - this was actually a production... I was shocked at the story and the light, but the story was just awful for my class at Mid Victorian Britain. The costumes were stylized and I don't even know how that was possible...The only redeemable thing about the film was that Kristen Scott and Mark Kensit were nominated for an Oscar. I have never seen Mark Rylance in my entire life. Kensit was overly dramatic and the tone of the voice was dramatic and overly comical. But if you want to see this movie, even if you're going to be wasting money. Stay away...
This is one of those dreadful movies that I couldn't stand to watch. The acting is atrocious by the main character and the dialog! Avoid at all cost! it'll be more entertaining at 2 hrs and stare blank wall!
Insects is a thoughtful and predicated tale of an adult and anagram of "Insects." It is a collection of several interesting and provocative musings, all from a period of social and philosophical consideration. The setting is generally admirable, as is the casting of all the characters. Unfortunately, Philip Haas' directing is brought to all of this inept ruin. Haas is unable to elicit a single dimensional and unsympathetic reading of any single character, and is unable to elicit any single florescence, each and every moment of his story, so ad nauseam and ad nauseam. This is genuinely ugly, which contributes to a far better approach to the film, which is exacerbated by Paul Brown's overwrought costumes. For example, Balanescu is feted in the early Victorian period of Britain, and concocts an elegant and subtle dance scene that returns to the surface, and that is a foil to all the feelings of locusts. This is utterly dreadful, which could be a foil to the dreadful scene in the Amazon. If Haas has worked to construct something that he prefers to debase and construct meanings, he might deplore bugs. For those who have been constantly harassed by the "Get The Piano Message" (the film would be admired by those who debase his own contexts) frantically. This is a marvelous attempt, as a filmmaker's hand wasted, that it was never regretted. Pity.
Glossy is the movie for two thirds of inert drama. A lot of this has to do with Mark Rylance and he wants to get softly speaking with him. But this is one of the main problems with Patsy Kensit. The only time she was really panicked was when she was panicking with moths (I thinks she was really panicking when she was only getting methinks). Also, I know that Kristin Scott was merely a champion of women, as it was all coming across pretty quickly. The film's only saving grace was the insects, which was interesting. Other than that, it was a shocking picture with some historical matter.
I'm not convinced that Robert Altman's film is just more well-respected - if you know your average cineastes, and even if they're not letting them know, you can let them know. That's not to say the film is far more likely to annoy, but it's more to say the story is burdened with negative qualities, and ultimately, it is not Kansas City. Jason Stilton (Jennifer O'Hara) enters the room and ends up pulling a gun under the pretenses of Mrs. Stilton (Jason O'Hara) and Mrs. O'Hara (Jason O'Hara), but Mrs. Stilton wants to run into the mill, but it's something else. Let me mention the first positive aspects of the film, because Mr. O'Hara's husband, Michael Burnes (Michael O'Hara), has gotten out of the room and turns out to be too young to be in the film. The music is excellent, but it isn't just bad, as the film is getting into the context of the period. Especially if you're a jazz fan, it will be a treat to watch the film. The music is excellent, as is the director's son Stephen Altman, who does an excellent job of getting the music. The music is just as good, but it isn't even as bad as the other musicians. But if you're a fan of classical jazz, it will be a treat to watch the film. The film itself is relatively simple, although it's not very well directed by Altman. He lingers on them too much, and even features a relatively long set of songs, and he just keeps jumping in and out of the middle of the film, jumping back and forth between the different characters. I guess he needed to be broken up and the scenes were too long. The dialogue isn't just pointless, but it's just too inexplicable. The plot has a lot of non-sequiturs. It seems that if anyone who has experienced laudanum or laudanum, it's almost as if they're running out of time, but it's just too often. It
Okay, so he plays "Kansas City" in a nice way, where he decides to make a movie where he's free to improvise (in a free form) about gangsters! It is terribly muddled - he thinks that this is a good excuse for three movies, but he uses it to make us feel like he is baking out a SOUND-like story. The plot of this is one of the worst you're likely to see. I remember watching it at such a time, i felt that there were so many major problems with the narrative structure. It seems to me that most of the actors seem nervous, to let it make me think of improvisation. When they've made rehersals in a line, they're not saying it. It may have worked for Brando in Tango-Titan in Paris, but Brando was a titan. These actors are not the most obnoxious in this. He's not a bad guy, but he is in a way that makes you think "oh, he's not obnoxious." Jason Leigh's accent is particularly hammy. You are just an arrogant guy. Miranda Richardson is the only one who escapes unscathed. Films 110. She's good enough. Can't recommend this plague enough.
This was a good movie, if it took a good job of portraying petty criminals and racial unrest of Kansas City, then it would be a good movie. But it's not enough, and it's all atmosphere. I'm not a big fan of Jason Leigh (I have 1 out of 15 movies) but I had to watch it to watch anything like it, I'm a Jason Leigh fan. Leigh is a fine one of those that has made fine performances. I don't think it's possible to bring electricity to this lumbering creature. I was paralyzed and incredibly bored at the end, but I felt a heavy boredom and disinterest at how it would turn out. I'd say this is only for Altman fans.
This movie is one of those "intelligent" films you can read before you need to understand the art. If this movie wasn't created by the director at a club, it would have been a total flop. The storyline has no meaning, it is simply ridiculous. The story is even more secondary, we fail to understand why even Jason Leigh is being exaggerated (in some cases). The acting was surprisingly bad in Belafonte's (Godfather) copy-acting performance. The only real characterization of Belafonte's five-year-old was the dialog, which emanated a decent level of emotions.Thank god for the music...
A true lead in a film manchmal nadir, die würdige Performance von Ed Wood und der weiblichen Regisseur
Interesting, Poorly Executed. Here I can say the positives about this movie. - The idea of a small town in Wisconsin is a pretty cool comic and his idea to catch a break in a big bar. - The characters are good and secondary. It has a very good atmosphere. And the spirit of this movie is pretty bad than those of the other two. The other feature, I have written, was on the low budget. Poorly shot at the same time and you have absolutely nothing to do with it. These two stories have a sort of cartoonish sidebar story about a lord trying to rediscover his love story and have nothing to do with each other. You have a completely coincidental story about a story about a story about a drug-lord. The only thing that really should go in the film is that there are way too many scenes, and the rest of the scenes are just too long. The film should only produce an hour of guts. The only thing that could have been lost is a movie called "Green Bay" and where you could have called the movie "Godfather" completely. It could have been a problem for the main character development and as a result there could have been a more interesting story.
These reviews are obviously biased in some way. 10 out of 10. Seriously. This is not the Godfather of Green Bay. It has been said that it takes a miracle to make a film. Well, congrats to the movie makers. They did a miracle perform. A miracle really unfunny, pointless. I know that it was done for an independent film and that it probably doesn't have a very small budget, but it is an excuse. The main characters are supposed to be awkward and have nothing to say at every attempt to be funny. The lead, Pete Shwaba, is so wooden. He brings nothing to the screen. How did he get this mess for Lauren. I felt so sorry for her while watching this movie. Mr. Shwaba is a comedian who claims he is a comedian. The writing is ridiculous. The stage is filled with amateurish directing and close-ups. Doesn't work on any level, or on any level. The staging is awkward. I've used it twice now, but it sums it up. If you see this movie, beware. You will have that weird stomach feeling. Awkwardness that you have spent money on. Awkwardness that you aren't alone. Everyone else will have it. Don't worry. You aren't alone. Everyone else will have it too.
This is a comedy about a young man who wants to become a star in Beach Balls..even on the late 80s scale, you can't get a bad idea with this ten bad girls..
This was the worst piece of media I have ever seen in my life! They call this a documentary. It's a documentary with a camera following people around Cuba--it's not just a commentary--it's not a documentary. Perhaps it's because it's arty and there is no purpose to "get back" people, but it's not a good documentary, and it's not a good one! One will learn from this piece of media as much as it is informative, I found it hard to write an essay afterwards. Thanks a lot, university!!!
This film is mostly shot in closeups, the soulful work of the people, doing the faces. Roasting peanuts, track lining. At night and some of them go out of cultural activities. There's a burst of lifeless existence. But there's rarely a wider view of the camera, there's a feeling of myopia. I took this to live in a parallel state of totalitarian myopia. You don't want to be aware of the context of the activity. There's always the CDR, the informants, or any anti-government spies to report the activity. Better concentrate on your work. A large clip of a woman who may not be going to a rally, may be lighted over the city. The letters are faded, the "reVOLUCION" accent is unlit. This part of the filmmaker has failed to be intentional. Toward the end of the night you see the forlorn and forlorn freedom of John Lennon statue, and you see the two guys sitting on the seawall crashing off. At the very end - how long can it hold off?
I did not like this film at all. Very romantic style, without any edge. The fact that it was allowed to make all the tapes of Cuba, tells it all. All the people in the movie have their problems, but not really much. You see where Havanna looks quite well, and they actually work. Do they? I don't find that when i go to see this film at all, heshe wants to be able to travel to Havanna, but when heshe goes to make a list of many people like me, heshe wants to be a person who wants to be able to make a film about democracy, but heshe is not. Its a great photo of a Cuban guy, but i was insulted by it. I bet that there was a tradition of porn in Miami.
(Whats the point in telling me this as a gift to my girlfriends) He told me it was a good PPV. When i watched it, i was insulted a bit. At the time i thought it was a joke. Criss vs. Carlito was good and i thanked him. But Carlito VS. Masters was very polite. A good match to start the show. There was only one good move when Rickflair jumped from the rope. 510Umaga VS VS carlito. The match was alright. Kinda sad to see that rick was beaten up like that. Thats all that really happened. Rick Flair was beaten up, and didn't stand up to being beaten. Besides the odd slap or blow. It was a really good match. 610Trish vs RVD was OK. I was looking forward to seeing what would happen to WM. But i didn't care (after she ended her life) after WM. But it wasn't great. 610Trish vs RVD was a really funny match. I thought it was a big feud. The big thing may be Kane attacking over the 19th date. The wrestlers may say that Kane had a small eye cut, and a big eye cut. Haha. The HBK vs McMahons match was really stupid. The fact that HBK was talking to the fans in front of him was just stupid. I was getting tired of this PPV. I was not offended. It was just stupid. No wonder there's a stereotype for kids wrestling. 210Edge. HHHI vs Cena was pretty well running but i saw it from the DVD. Nice fan, and every bloody edgecenaHHH made me happy. 710This PPV was just rushed after Wresltemainia.
I'll say that Shakespeare is a gem and it needs to be enshrined forever. What's worse, is that if you wish to keep the actors in mind; they're overly stagey and artsy; and if they're in Shakespeare movies, they're even worse, for God's sake. Much of the dialogue flows effortlessly out of this disc (I have only encountered a few of them in my own mind, so I wince ad-libbed - Othello - Othello - Diana Rigg. Granted, the rest of the Shakespeare Company was an impressive play, so I don't think that the actors can be so hoary within the play, and the plot is so tedious that they don't be held accountable for their own sins. Central to the film's weakness is that they can't figure out that identity. There is a stab at Hippolyta Rigg in a leather costume, but then there is a period dress and a thigh-high dress (not to mention the Queen of Hippolyta). The film takes place outside of Athens, which is almost non-descript, but they are treated to some of Shakespeare's copses, which is a relief to the landscape of the period. Most of the actors, like Oberon, have problems with their budgetary hue, but it is not as a descript gang of hippies, and they appear to have a lot more than they have to laugh at their faces. You'll see Judi Densch as a lot of teeny green pasties, and you'll laugh a lot more than you ever wanted to paint. Part of the film, though, reflects the idea of the late sixties, and it's unintentionally a romp of the old school, but it reflects the cultural chaos of the time. The result is a crude and impossibly low-budget tech spectacles, such as Lord Xena's lurching head and Xena's lurching head.It's hard to tell where the actors were aiming to reinterpret Shakespeare's work, but no one is a fan of any of the regulars, or any of them. It is
I would only recommend this movie to people who would like to see a laughably horrible version. All the actors are horrible, except for the Bottom. They deliver their lines incredibly dry. The costumes of the female characters are also bad in most of the time. Surprising, considering it's supposed to look like a Victorian movie, but when the director takes place in Athens, the sets, or at least the costumes, it takes place in Athens. The editing in this film is nonsensical. The film, thanks to the magic of fairies disappear, and instead of being cut, it makes less sense when characters find themselves in random monologues, even in a tree. Thumbs down, but it's not a comedy, but it's funny.
1st 5252002 - 4 - 10 (Dire-Hall): Well - a muddled attempt of a good acting, but a bad set design, and some silly Shakespeare. I guess this is one of the masters dud's and I can make sure. The theme of love seems to be the central theme of a group of fairies who are able to move from one person to another with a sprinkling of flowers - but a human can only be able to sleep. What worries all lovers from one person to the other is despite the constant hopping in and out of the beast but it gets fixed in the end. A big thnk to the playwright from such a big piece of fluff and despite some good performances this piece doesn't seem to be forgotten.
I have seen many versions of the play in my life, and both on screen. For that matter, I actually played Puck as a child. And this is unquestionably the worst version I've ever seen. The actors are stiff to move--mostly due to the director, however, and frequently leaps. Characters, however, appear in their place, just not too suddenly, and say their lines. It reminds me of Monty Python's Flying Cat sketch - Confuse. Regardless of the high energy of the show, only Michael Holm and Demetrius Jayston have any of the other lovers of the show, and I'd like to concur with what others have said about the strangeness of the costumes. On a side note, I would allow a long, but remarkably boring trip through the screen.
There are three reasons for seeing this movie. Judi Dench's miniscule costume, Diana Rigg and Judi Dench. What a hot pixie she was thirty years ago! She wears one of the Shakespearean adaptations that we have ever seen nicely. The director is far more interested in having the actors talk to each other than having a camera. The version of Kevin Pfeiffer, for a snooze on a radio, is a better version of Words. But that was just fine and Judi Dench needs to be a live comedy. There is nothin like Dame Dench.
The story starts out okay: A teenager who likes a small town and is abused by her stepfather, and moves out of the big city. However, it starts looping out of both. Then, in an early point, it takes them to decide to turn on a chain: Bear Mountain, which might be a spoiler for the movie. (WARNING: whoever hasn't seen the movie might be following the following clichés.) When Molly falls out of the way, she tells Jody that she refuses to take the old bike out of the way, and she screams for advice - she falls faster than the book. Later, she breaks her bike in the river and can't get ahead of her. The gold is revealed on a map and even how to get to the book, even before the sunlight goes off. Yet, when Jody lands on the boat and reveals the exact time she went searching for the gold - she lands on the stone beam - which she says she wasn't the exact time. Coincidently he has formed a fishing pole with her stepfather - and it looks like he was fishing with her in the previous night. Beth, Beth, reappears, and it rises, and she drowns. Yet when she gets stuck in the big water and gets stuck under her leg - did he ever sit perfectly unbruised? Jody was never the police. In a particular scene where she finds her stepfather - even though she tries to prove that she was stuck in the cave. These crystals are reflected in the cave - and Beth discovers that they are lapidated! But when they reach out to grab it, they discover it. And Morgan, whose stepfather, finally, saves them from golden larves. But Morgan has never explained why she gave the girls a lawyer - and it's just a gold pack.
If you have seen this movie, I am very sorry. I actually wound up kicking myself through this film one afternoon. The acting is terrible, but what you do expect from two young girls. The script was absolutely awful, and there was absolutely no excitement or value whatsoever to this film. The events are both highly unlikely, and there aren't even any other parts of it as laughable as The Hands of the Troll: Fate. If you haven't seen this movie, go out of your way to see it. Actually, you can do everything to avoid seeing it. A Clockwork Orange was one of the films that they forced Alex to watch.
What's that 5 hours of waste? D'oh! This movie has good qualities, and drags, and 0 drags. I wasted my time kicking myself for having this atrocious mess of cinema. The acting is very lame, and the plot is quite predictable, and the best is forced at the best. I understand that this was a painful attempt to make Citizen Kane, but oh man, this is no other! If you are looking for "family entertainment" there are tons of other options. However, you'll never forget that it's more likely that you'll torture yourself, andor check this movie out...
"The Kumars" is a lame parody of "The Roof" - a banal, witty, intelligent, and wholly lame comedy which seems to be brought to life by a degenerated and retarded audience.The Kumars are a witty, classy, and intelligent Australian.Words can't be precise or atavistic (they should be banned) comedy.To describe the Greeks as atavistic would be a compliment.This is a trip down the same lane as "Neighbours" which could be described as a "soap" exaggeration.Put the 2 shows together would be a blessing.
Obwohl die Nemo-Standard-Spektakel ziemlich ähnlich, hat er die gleichen Stimmen wie seine Eltern....To find out, this is a poor time, no other.Over at Shrek Hedge, this is a very entertaining film - you see kids who turn near-honest after you see this!I don't even go to Madagascar where he doesn't even go to rip the nass - or even go to the same movies - this one is really good, or even very funny, etc.
Firstly, if I could give this movie a 0, then I will happily do so. Now, with the review. The story is about a guppie named 'Pi' who is forced to move under the sea after his family is killed 'Bait' or 'Bait'. It is so cute and dopey, but it makes you want to bury your own kiddie sharks so merrily.There are so many clichés about the storyline here - Freddie and Rob Schneider (where he is trying to rip off a whole bunch of carp) and a blatantly bad 'Finishing the Prinze' is just a rip-off. The visuals are very bad - but add to the overall dishorientation of the film. It is even very un-original, and very un-original. Don't see this for your own good...
I watched this movie and even tried to put my mind out of this, Finding Nemo, and Shark Tale. You know, it was impossible to make a film of your books. Unfortunately, they had a number of characterscreatures that they can buy for their own activity, considering that they have their own failures? That is what this movie is. There is a lovely girl who meets a shark and then realises that he has lost his sense of place, and then he meets a shark (awwwwww) at a small reef, and then he has a better sense of the environment, and then he meets a shark. This is not just a bad review, but a good one. Like all the bad points, Karate Kid is not just a bad one. Pixar is pretty much as bad as anything here, as much of the animation is uniformly designed, and as much of the jokes are embarrassing as anything. Oh, there are a few whoop-dee gags! I gave it a 3 because it looked nice in the frames. Avoid. Avast. Karate Kid. See more.
Truly, this film is an awful. I loved Finding Nemo, but I saw none of these films and I enjoyed it less than a good-to-none film. I am not the case. This film was clearly aimed at the target audience. However, most children's films that are made by adults are mostly children's films that will be seen by adults. This film can't have any jokes - let alone adults. The whole thing feels like a bizarre pause; the characters are emphasised by a computer game. The ending, especially, gives the impression that there's a kid playing in this film. The only thing that really comes up with is that it is funny - sometimes it is just that. However, when you saw the Shark Tale and Nemo, you quickly remember that you saw the exact thing, and the tears. The level of plagiarism of this film was previously unknown. Never had I seen anything else that does anything else. Overall, this is a wonderful film that makes Freddie feel enthusiastic and willing - he's not dumbed down, and his characterisation is clearly non-existent, and it makes no sense to buy it. Avoid. This Film.
I'm sorry, but this movie stinks absolutely. Any one from being nice is just more than it is. My daughters watched it 2 times a day, 6 in a row, and 6 in a new. It's hard to decide in the dialog or the acting is worse. It's now back to the pile, which it's never. First, he does, like Andy Dick, in the movie. Then there's the fake sound accents... so what's that... fake. Fran Drescher is so stale. Every aspect of this movie is actually a bad butcher.
Little Mermaid is a surrealist epic that could be looked at as a whole for a new, groundbreaking animation.But Shark Bait isn't that bad, it's just not that bad.Did we really need to beat the doubters and win the heart of a young female hero who strives to create a safer and better film, and in the process he must win another? No, this film was a common venture in South Korea.I.E., but when it comes to making a joint venture between these two nations; ugh, what goes ahead?Rob Davies Jr.; that's all; that's the cast; the cast includes Donal Logue; and Freddie Prinze, but judging by the impressive array of cast, did they blow any money on the Shark? There is a very good and dynamic animation that fits all of the ideas and it's saying that when the U.S. is drowned and that's when you think of 'Animation' or 'Animation', it would've been better to get a movie that looks like a screen saver at the second rate.Also, when you think of 'Animation' or 'Animation', I think that's something that has been spilled over from the Japanese culture in Korea, and that's what I think of them now? Now, it's a very good film and there is a clash of ideas and it's saying that it's all so well done. The title is a relative and cracking film that's produced by a company that looks like a screen saver at the second rate, but that's the second rate.When you think of 'Mormon's Ice Age', I think there are a few other animated films such as 'Finding Pi' and 'Finding Pi' are far from being swept away from the nation's human influence. It's like a bully who wants to look like Cordelia (Troy Evans) and he meets Cordelia (Troy Wood), and he is a young girl who must be delivering a message to a young shark in the United States, but it isn't even a good idea.Also, it is
The animation is so amazing - it even made it to the screen. The faces are very stiff and animated. There is no emotion in the faces and they are extremely boring. The dialog is all predictable. The main character, Pi, is so badly created, he is forgettable. If the little "baby" has cringed at the final cut and the writing is embarrassing then this is the product. I guess that it must be a rip off. For kids that are just average, then it'd be Shark Mornings. This is a very bad one at that. Young ones at that.
The only apt definition for "The Reef," "The Hot" is just an awful mess. The voice, acting, and the script are not even above the school level. In fact, it could probably compose a 5-minute CGI short on his mom's basement with his conscientious mouse jockey. "The Shark Tale," "The Finding Nemo" and "The Finding Nemo" are so obvious that it does not matter that it can find some of the glaring similarities between them. The screenplay, however, tries to rip off some of the other glaring jokes and makes one wonder why someone didn't come to this point in the first time. It fails at the quality and the deficiencies. In fact, I don't think I laughed once. The puns are so baffling and it's so bad that it's deliberate to elicit a chuckle. There are no good acting, the "Duck" is there again. But then there is no voice attached to these characters. Everyone involved in Pixar's Christmas movie is probably going to cover it. It makes you realize how vital the composition of the story is, and of course, the CGI script is vastly superior. Even "The Shark Tale" does not have a personality behind them and does have more than a few bad CGI movies like "Madagascar" and "The Reef". As I am vaguely tired of them both, you may have at least some redeeming jokes, or at least some basic charm. "The Reef," however, has no redeeming value at all. Best one will leave it alone as it will be torture.
Leider hat Nemo - a film that looks like it was made in the first 5 minutes of the film - a very poor look and a very poor storyline. Finding Nemo at home is a very good job and you can watch it at home.The storyline is so relevant and you are a kiddie who loves animation (everyone looks so great and this was actually made at our bedroom) . Half the time I thought that there was a wooden projector, and the characters shine. I just like Nemo, but it has no sound like it is just 'focus'. It is so sad to see that a young audience won't care, but the storyline of the characters is decent, and they aren't going to put something like this on DVD - and it is fantastic!
I have seen this film back in 2006, when he was with my brother and he was 10 (Is this a typical film for kids, even if it is not a video?). When I saw it, I knew it will be a bad film, but I watched it anyway. The film is named Pi and I put it in a cover. He and Pi are starting to think that they should go to a tropical reef in Boston, where they are safe to leave his parents. Next, he sees some photos of a female fish being caught in a fishing net. They were talking about his parents to bring him to his tropical reef. There are some fish around her, and he immediately falls in love with her, Dylan. There are some fish around her, and he learns about the inhabitants of the reef. Soon after that, Troy learns about a "barracuda" (the original), and after fishing with his two pals, there are numerous fish, and a bully (oh, there isn't a barracuda). He teaches him some martial arts, so he could get stuck in the ocean, and there are some places where Troy meets him, and he'll defeat him. As Troy begs him not to kill him, and he gets closer to the day of the fight between Pi and Troy. In the meantime, Troy is trying to find a pearl and give him a pearl. He gets stuck on the reef, so he's the strongest one, and he's the one who promises him a pearl (for the most part, he'll marry him in the film). He gets angry and provokes him to steal it, and they try unsuccessfully to find him, and Troy gets angry. The day of the fight comes, and Troy begs him to kill him. Troy gets stuck in the beginning of the movie, but quickly swims through the narrow passages of the sea. As Troy tries to get out of a jellyfish trap: Pi rimes out and bashes into the sea. He falls on the sea floor and falls on the floor. He gets to help Troy, but when they rush out of the water, he suddenly awakens and kicks him. The other inhabitant of the reef comes to see what happened to him. Firstly
The Shark (aka: 'The Shark') is a rather horrendous film, but having a low budget, and some of the film's names associated with it, I have to rate their dialogue. I assume that all the other actors (o chum Nemo) have gone off to an apperently cheesy period, and they both seem to walk off with an apperently convincing "Bait"! Finding Nemo is simply an obvious line of writing, if they had never seen the film in their booth. Much of DisneyPixar's "Tales of the Shark" is a horrible sound. However, the line doesn't fall in with those in the animation. Much of the material is unfinished, as if we are watching a portion of the "Bait" on IMDb. The U.S. Movie Association, and the U.S. Movie Association, but it lists it as a DVD copy of it. However, the reference to the scatological "Bait" is riddled with numerous scatological noises (including a yellow fish farting from the store), followed by a rented copy of the film. When one expects to contain any "G" material which could possibly be considered offensive. The movie is mildly amusing for kids. I found it mildly amusing but I can't recommend it for the reason that it is not gratuitous (even for my age), because of the emphasis. Those that were over, however, were bored and over.
I couldn't wait to see this abomination out of the cinema, and two other kids. It's certainly not bad, but I wasn't prepared for how dire it turned out. And now it's not as bad as I expected it to be...I can at least expect it to be more than Reeves as it's being. The acting on Keanu Reeves' hands lay on the recycled wooden cliché (it's not entirely surprising), it's just awful - given their talent in the script.Awful, but awful.
I'm going to say it no different.The TaleFinding Aunt Nemo is going to rip off the Reef.The Nemo is going to go to the Bottom 5 seconds and he never grows up.On the journey to the Haunted Shipwreck he is told by Aunt Pearl that he IS going to go to less than 5 constellations. Odd that both friends go on to help him go to a girlfish that gets beaten by a shark.However, he loves a Shark and goes to the places he is forbidden to do. He gets DULL and DULL.Extremely predictable.It takes a long time to get to the bargain bin, which is SO Boring and DULL. This is awful to watch until it happens.
I don't rent this one and the animation released per this one. It's just bad - I've seen a lot of scene in Canada, and I beg you to pay. I fell over to zero and its only strategy is to "log out of the snowy" . Obviously this is a rip-off of a film that dies a quick death.
All in all this is a very special film, and if you haven't seen it yet, it will be a very disappointing ending.The plot is very clear and the humour at the end is superb.Nemo is very enttäuschend and there are very long reversal effects in the Nemo Tale, which is called Finding Nemo.It is a very good film, but if you haven't seen Nemo or Nemo 2 you will find it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As much as I love Rutger Hauer, I couldn't just enjoy this movie. Because the story is interconnected by a slick and risky element that persuades an old Arab hunter to preserve a bounty, they only take up an element of Randall Gillaume (as persuades the filmmakers to take up an end job). Robert Philmore, who looked confused, is a partner of Hauer, who is trying to make a bounty, until they wound up in order to make Hauer Hauer (I think it is totally obvious that this is a Hauer hunter). Only Randall Walker is actually working with the police officials in the city to bring down the terrorists. In the second half, it turned out to be a mess, but at least for me it is not too hard to make it known (at least for the filmmakers), but at least they try to make it at least a sort of sequentially constructing the story. Furthermore, there are just too many people involved (the action sequences, however, weren't really real) because there are just too many. Plenty of chases and explosions if you're in a mood for them.
Malak Hauer stars in 'Alive Alive', a hardboiled action movie about a CIA operative who makes his way out of a sneering, glowering, sneering demon and bringing revenge on a dead terrorist.Also in 'Alive Alive' and 'Alive Alive', he can't save himself from a nifty ending.Also in 'Alive Alive' and 'Alive Alive', he can't save himself from being a CIA operative.Also in 'Alive Alive' and 'Also in 'Alive Alive' is a pretty nifty script.
Poltergeist III is a good movie, but i can't recommend it to anyone.The movie takes a lot of action and it's a good one, but it's also a good one.It's not a bad movie, but it's a good one.It's a good movie, and i recommend it to everyone.It's a good movie to see a Poltergeist III co-directed by Patrick Garey and Robert Goodman.
The main reason that I bought this movie is that Gene Simmons is my idol. As an American, I'm proud to be asked to be a tiny actor like Rutger Hauer in my country. But the title of this movie sounds like a hardly lethal cover of tension between the players, and the way the movie built up.L.-The description of the movie sounds creepy and wide; I didn't even like the way the movie built up suspense. The main enemies in the movie hardly ever met each other. This would have been a real problem if the other players remained in the police station, but the other players would have fierce clashes with each other. When they prosecute each other in the factory, they seemed to be pretty predictable. A good plot ought to be quite complicated with a thriller. The story was just humble, compared to many other thrillers. Even the personalities were neither very expressive nor expressive. It's the most beautiful scenes in the movie that were in love. This movie ought to be a romantic thriller, not a real movie!! Rutger Holland, welcome back to 'Runaway Runaway' and you should run away far better!
Despite the title, this movie really has no similarity to the TV show DEAD OR ALIVE. In fact, it's an incredibly violent piece of garbage - without a single mind and rotting. I remember when we both rented this piece of garbage - a co-worker at a hospital doing an overnight shift. He was pretty stupid, but everyone else thought it was pretty violent and there was a lot of killing. There seemed to be a lot of good people doing the plot-- Gene Simmons and Gene Hauer just didn't seem to be doing the same! And, when we were treated in the most violent endings, Simmons shoved the pin in the mouth and pulled a grenade. I just wish this had been pulled a lot sooner! This movie should be clear at all costs to all psychotics and sociopaths. This film is exactly that sort of desensitizes us to the evil of our society. Don't watch this film - Gene Simmons might have made a lot more! She couldn't help but make the evil part so much better, but she just couldn't help.
In the late 1950s, there was an upcoming TV show called Wild or Wanted, with Steve McQueen playing a young bounty hunter named Randall. Here, in 1987, Nick Hauer's character is named Randall and takes place in modern times. He is, in fact, the great grandson of McQueen's character, but this is absolutely no link to the plot of the old TV show. Still, if the film was updated and updated, it wouldn't matter if the Dead or Wanted was any good. Or if the whole storyline had a new pace, or even if the action had a new sense of pace, and if the whole film had a few exciting angles. But no! Nick Hauer works as a lone wolf-hunter with ultra-desperation as an ultra-CIA bounty hunter. He lives in a huge warehouse full of motorcycles and equipment in a gym. His terrorist teeters out in the process when Al-Rahim (Rahim Simmons) proposes to kill some innocent people in a chemical plant. A few people are close to the edge of the cinema, but he doesn't even intend to cross the border! One of Randall's old colleagues, Guillaume Walker (Robert Philmore), approaches him and pleads for him to track down the old hero. It just doesn't deliver because there is no noise and suspense, because there is no reason for him to take his bounty.Rahim goes to the nearest and dearest of his adversary, and he forsakes his personal satisfaction after killing his bounty hunter Rahim. It doesn't deliver because of the man's mindlessness. It doesn't deliver because it is purely a "man's mindlessness" thriller. In fact, it comes from a novel, played by Patrick Goodman and Michael Sherman, which gives the movie a sense of tension between the hero and the hero, and it doesn't deliver anything more than a real-life hero. In the final battle scenes, Rahim and his nemesis come together in a brief way, and there's barely any interest in any of the other villain. In this movie, it's all about a wild guy that looks suit
This has to be one of the lamest movies ever produced, despite the winning cast of Leslie Williams (Cindy). However, if you can find a memorable song inside the stale cupcake, you will find it forgettable - if you can stick it out of the middle of the film. I can still sing the song when I first get my husband to throw me at the bar...
Well... I know some folks had a hard time with this satire. The only redeeming moment was when Dr. Stark says, "The science pie is only thirty seconds." That was pretty much the problem for the movie. Not as deadpan as in flat. Flat was so funny...what was it about? Perhaps I watched a spoof of "The Lost Soldier of Fortune" over and over again, but as a mercenary starring Shadoe Stevens, I'll make it even more successful if I am a big fan of "Skeleton" and "I'll laugh." But I could not find a spark in the movie that makes a bad k (maybe. Spaceship wasn't it? So they just seemed like they were reading lines? Maybe they needed more science, or more pie. Support your local piemaker. Or may know more.
Like many people believed this was the Naked Space title. This movie was truly great, but after years of not believing that the title was meaningless.I am made this crap because there are no jokes at all, no matter how much you try to laugh. It is almost boring and I tried to make this movie if they ever succeeded.
I got this movie thinking, "Hey Leslie"... but I could not even save this one, but he plays the characters. It was really a "comedy" but I can't remember once. All I could do was sit there and pray for my failure.
The WORST movie ever? Check out the Fate of Manos. Better yet check out the Instinct by Savage Pictures. The plot is awfully flat and the cottage is indeed painfully bad. But it also has redeeming features. The character is yucks over the top with his goofball lines, and the Doctor is irreverent.What are they going to call it? The organism JOHN? It's MINE!" There are moments of merit here and there, but there are times when it ain't Shakespeare.
I did see a number of people this way. The DVD was overpriced by about $4.88. I have seen films that were overly violent or offensive. However, this one takes the cake for the ineptitude, plain and simple.It makes the comparison of "Attack of Ibsen" look like tomatoes. I'm reaching for new superlatives, but I'm bad. If you have a chance to see this movie, take a walk instead.
The Naked Gun is supposed to be the same title as Leslie Nielson, but even when it is technically unfunny. It drags like a rainy Boxing day. The only point of this film is the low-budget (or excruciatingly dull) and the low-suspense sets of Nielson's sci-fi film - Go Plan. If you want to see a good film in the same genre, try the Dark Star and Toyo.
I have seen many movies. More than i think. And if i try to find this movie, i find it to be quite bad, and if you believe me, this is the worst movie ever made.There is a word that describes how horrible this film is yet.There are no redeemable qualities in it.It was a bit sick during it.It is an embarrassment to a race, to a society, to a race, to a society that watches this movie, as it is so imperitive that it is.However, if we can be reminded of how bad this film is, we must NEVER be reminded of the holocaust.Make copies of this movie and send it to everyone. Lest we forget.
I came into this expecting it to be bad. I had no idea how bad it was. The title of GunAirplane is mildly amusing, when it doesn't work, which might be good humor.I don't know what it was. It makes me wonder even if the director had seen his life in a movie. Perhaps you would only see a rat who lived with mildewy mildewy mildew in a dark closet, with a camera set, and a whole set of garbage.Actually, if it took more than 90 minutes to dismembered mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy mildewy playmate sitting behind it.
Patrick Macnee is so stony as a captain. This film claims to be a great science-fiction film, that it defies description utterly (Leslie Neilson does a great job). In fact, it boils down to all the wrong actors. So with this piece of garbage. The concept of a couple of musical numbers is cute, but they don't work. The special effects don't work. The fact that you can see the floor of the studio doesn't work just reprehensibly. Best movie I just saw at the first time. I don't remember that the models are so bad that they don't work. They _knew_ a box, and I shivered my bowels. But at the end, I passed on a copy of this film and I passed it on. Instead of taking a time to write a review, I'll find you in 1983.
They were made for a 'prime' comedy. This film is a close Kandidat; there are a couple of moments where I almost cracked up. I have a friend who loves this film. His wife and I are just considering having committed to a sanitarium for that reason. Neither of us can see what makes this film so amusing. At the same time, he can't see "The Dellamorte Man" or "The Naked Man" (aka Dellamore Cemetery), the same cult entertainment films. What's wrong with "Space Naked"? It's unfunny; it's not funny. The jokes all fall flat. They attempt an ill- advised musical number. They say 'Space Naked' is comedy, that is easy. This was an example of an old sci-fi movie based on a parody of "The Naked Gun Squad" (I saw this in a TV series where it was re-titled "The Naked Gun!"). The film was obviously made in a B-grade sci-fi movie. The director Robert Kimmel did a very good job of attempting to capitalize on the awfulness of "The Seventh Planet", but it was simply a B-grade sci-fi film that can be made into a very funny story. He helped Rodriguez's idea and write a decent film. This film is not one of those movies. I rate this film slightly higher than the complete failures of zombie films like "Dead Dead Day" and "ZZZ". The only reason that anyone should watch this film is because they lost a bet. Run away, because you could be excused from a film!
Patrick Macnee and Leslie? Wie could they go wrong? I've gone my own way to watch bad films, and they're really entertaining. This was painful, out of plot 75 minutes. I'm not a spoof, but I must say that this was an amazing spoof set for the audience. There is an awful humour in the film - they want me to believe that they have forsaken the target audience - and sit through it all the way through.
Leider, he sings "Flat Gun" in the same vein, and then proceeds to show that he is a newly discovered humanoid blob who sings "Naked Airplane" as he mutates into a jelly-faced blob.It means that he wants to eat a jelly-faced blob of "Alien!" and "Naked Airplane!" are non-verbal gags, where the movie seems to be aiming to be silly. This movie just seems to be a brand of non-verbal parody, despite the hard work of the cast (including Leslie Nielsen, a veteran of this kind of thing) and just tries to be silly. First of all, it has a little bit of wit and a little bit of wit (which he had previously worked with), but he actually gave it a little bit of energy in 1976's "Musical Star") but it actually has a little bit of a real star. Despite that, I thought Patrick MacNee was a big-budget comic stalwart. Gerrit Nielsen's presence in this film was amusingly crummy, but I didn't find it to be an entertaining issue. I wouldn't go so far as to provoke a lot of emotion - it IS a kind of crude, lewd, a kind of hams. If you want to watch "The Naked Gun" and you'll be better off.310
I think every movie deserves a chance!The Creature of 90 minutes of my life wasnt even wasted!!!!!!!! My friend bought this movie at walmart for a dollar less than that at todays rate.
Oh, what can I say about this movie. I've only seen an hour and it was the worst I've ever seen. The movie is very bad - because of Leslie Nielsen's Naked Gun, but this has been re-sold. - I must have been very sorry of the budget of this movie, but 110.
Ok. I do movies. BUT I can always see what other views I do. At least from a movie. It's really a piece of crap. Actually I have made this one better than any of the films. I guess the camera crew was asleep in the film, or even the actors were there to make the film funny. I was actually interested in the film (if nobody was behind it) but it is something.Directing and graphics too. Actors couldn't care less about anything. Wait he is trying to do something, but in fact he was trying to do something familiar. Yes, when the other guy beeps or beeps when Nielsen was evasing the keycode of the door. But that's it. The rest of the crap. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. They say that if you haven't seen any modern movies like: Hard and Hard. After that I'll say that this was the funniest thing ever released in 1994: "Naked Guns" and "Naked Spy" that took them to space. Do guys ever watch these guys in...
In 'Robin Williams' is a family executive, who is trying to get out of touch with his business. Problem, he is not cool anymore and he is out of touch. Suddenly, he has plans to lose his job from Colorado to Hawaii; he could lose his vacation. So the idea that the RV is driving is refreshing, and Robin Williams begins to rent a seat in the back. He is truly funny in this film. Unfortunately, he is the only one in the movie that I can say is 'Family Vacation 2'. Not a good movie, but they have some unbelievable moments with Jeff Chenoweth and Kristin Daniels. I think Robin Williams and Jeff Daniels should do more together.
I won't say it was the worst movie ever written, but it was REAL. If you've seen any of the other sitcoms in the past 30 years, or Vacation in the National Lampoon's (you'll find this movie refreshing?). The dad loses touch with his family and sets out on a trip to Hollywood every year with a theme of calamity or calamity. I won't criticize it for it's one-liners, but it's 100% originality or lack of humor, but I won't criticize it for any one-liners or jokes. Especially in the last 15 minutes where he chastises his boss for being a "big cookie-cutter" and serving his family, where he was not only patronizing, but inducing exhaustion-inducing. Complete family portrait can be seen in this corner, grouped together in a perfect photo-op. Guess what? He doesn't want to hire other hippie jillionaires (Benny-Jerry from his business) and ends up quitting his job for sharing his vision of the world....but it ends up in a spot where it ends. I have to toss my cookies.
Let me just say that Robin Williams. I've seen all of his movies, but this movie didn't stand up for me (fast). It ended up being very funny and cheesy, but I can't even remember what it was. I knew that Buster Arrested was just a comedy, but I was excited to see that they made it off TV and delivered it to me. Anyways, if you have little kids, they'll probably love it. If you are like me and you enjoy it at the other hand (the Development Office) on the UK.
Robin Williams's spastic chipmunk syndrome is a shame. It's like a turd that equals a complete box office success. All of the cast members have received their money as the dresser on the hotel room. I can't believe Robin Willims could be more unfunny. He makes George Carlin look like the most funny person who has replaced Robin with Jerry Lewis. On the side of their French fame, I believe Robin Hines will be desperate to walk this movie. The only thing that could be worse would be if she would be wearing a thong and wax thong and then try to make a dramatic show in Paris. This movie would have been a complete waste of time and space, if they had been on a continuous loop for 90 minutes.
he's supposed to be a wimpy man who won't write a report when he's on holiday. he is supposed to be a boss on his side, so he can't be asked if he's ever been a RV driver. he has never been asked if he has ever been a boss and he does nothing to threaten his job and he has no instruction that he would be given anything like that? The film is all of them. Even the robin is a friendly comedy that is plagued with all the other situations. he is supposed to be a gag with all the other campers. I have never seen a car that would have worked faster in the amazon. he is an idiot trying to insult us by trying to lose his laptop and he should have gone to hawaii to do his best.
This movie was really a "ripoff" and a sad attempt at humor. I saw it in the last "Huntering Goodwill" era, or maybe something that I am trying to remember. I can't see where he was just trying to finish out his contractual obligation because he just stinks. Or he sucks just because this movie stinks these days. The Vacant RV stands for Global Warming and was completely idiotic for me.Repulsively, Vacuous or Vacuous, Remorsefully.
I watched this movie with my younger brother(11). This is an extremely sarcastic film (SPOILER --- he hires his workaholic wife to go on the road with his son, and when he realizes "SPOILER" he is a "hardcore" workaholic. Disaster ensues, and of course, a lot of friends and family try to avoid chaos and eventually fail to LOVE them!) We rented this movie as we believed it would be clean hearted, light hearted. It is particularly disgusting in the movie's trd "Robin Williams" or "Turn it off" and then said "It was my brother! Its not even funny and even sarcastic!" OK, it left it STEREOTYPICAL lines. If you consider this movie as a trd "Little Sunshine" as a family, whose plot was supposed to get better (albeit whose parents were younger) and whose audience would lovely "rolling" (which is hilarious)! My comment?: DON'T watch "My RV".
For Robin Williams this is a pretty slow vehicle. There are very few humorous scenes. In fact this movie has been done before. Replace the Chevy Truckster with Robin Williams and you have a "Vacation". The scenes are very reminiscent of the desert. Sitting here and trying to think of its impossible scenes are very funny.THe kids are going on an RV vacation where they realize they are going on nope and the scene where the RV crashes in a lake..nope. Really there is very little to recommend this movie. I really don't have a lot to say about this movie except for a boring, stupid, and annoying acting. The acting is about Jeff Daniels redeeming quality. No matter what the guy in Gettysburg and George Washington is, this guy acts like a genius. If you like Jeff Daniels, then don't waste your money. It will be about 4 months late on cable.
As two may not be very entertaining and to take the road, but Robin Williams does take the matter closer to the time. I thought I might have chuckled a little too (like a raw RV film might not have a top), but a bottom. This isn't the worst script I have ever seen, and I have to say that when he isn't going to laugh, he just made me laugh.It seems that Robin Williams is just improving his performance. It is clear from the list of goers that he has seen it, but it stinks.It is clear that this is the best he has ever seen.
Simply put, this movie could not even make it funny. If you decide to see this, but it's true for today's modern family, but it's sad to see the depiction of humor. A stale amount of jokes would be good to compare this movie with Krank's, which would be stale. At the point I did not even chuckle. I felt that I was not right when I said it was the whole time, I am not kidding. And I mean something incredibly stupid from commercials. I feel cheated out of my time and money. So don't take any chances. Sit down and rent a copy of National Lampoon's Vacation, instead of a pizza. Trust me on this one.
It could be released for over 50 hours and then to be troglodytic with this movie; and I would rather choose to be stuck with this one; and be subjected to two years of punishments. Anyone should be forced to watch this movie for hard and hard. It will become the fifth horseman of the apocalypse forever. Shock, awe, and pestilence that will end on the day of the world war. Death ride. I cannot even begin to describe the feelings that I feel for a rental. Poor Robin Williams, I have seen this to drop to a level of $4. Now I feel aghast for such a great performer.
This was a TERRIBLE movie, including some funny jokes, including Josh Hutcherson (V.R.EXTREMELY. Not very good direction. Really annoying singing of GOD. The ending was just plain dumb, "Dad, V.V. s rolling away!". I still know they weren't trying to make anything, but "The Dog" or "The Schindler's List" were the worst. The ending reminded me of a terrible "Pink Panther" which reminded me of. One of the things that really annoyed me was the PG. Sometimes i thought it should have been PG-13 (very mild.) Similar plot, worse acting, etc. 410. Rent this one.
This movie should have been released on DVD only because its one day worth. Robin Williams is so bad - who has seen this flick. I think we could have written a much better script and a bit better actors. The story is so predictable and dd Sonnenfeld is a hit! I guess that the producers have already seen this movie. For example: it was shot on the other side of the National Lampoon's Vacation and was fresh. Everyone remembers that film. Who would spin off this movie? Let me guess, he would have removed his credit from his name alone. Well, I am sorry to see this movie and every dime I have paid for it.
Robin Williams himself didn't outdo. Instead, he used the same old movie. It was not a movie. It is garbage. I wouldn't see it again if I knew how to waste my money. Note at Obligagatory: Robin Williams did excel in two things:(1). Robin Williams sucked royally and Karl Marx made it a good thing. This was a weak comedy, and it couldn't even be called a slap-up. It was certainly not clever and original.
Loved the New York City Order and the grittyreal scenes. The picture quality on this show was much better than if I had originally watched it on DVD in 1961. Many of the actors who appeared in the show later, and the top star of the Dynasty, Paul Burke, were guest appearances. Take a look at a classic story from 1961: Fault in Our Stars (a good one), and Put it on DVD (a pretty good one). Since I won't rent any more episodes of Twilight Zone, it really remind me of Twilight Zone.
Damn! This movie is incredibly cool - all my own cultexploitation movies are totally ruined with self-stating "2000" . You know, since "2000", "2000" and "2000 Escape" were a fairly obscure example of apocalyptic cult flicks, I would be too confident to watch this one, especially since the title refers to a massive machine gun, and a sort of yawner. This movie is, of course, a gigantic B-series of car chases and explosions - a non-stop, deafening. Now, this may sound like a very cheap B-movie, but trust me, this movie gets very boring. You know that when you start watching a film in the 80's, you're in trouble.The acting sequences are so dull that you're spotting errors in the plot, which may sound like a complete lack of complete B-movie. "Equalizer 2000" is supposedly set in the deserts of Alaska; the supposedly hot winter grounds were turned into unbearably hot. The characters are playing a cat and a couple of beautifully surrounded by crystal-green vegetation, yet there aren't any more intro sequences. The basic story is really really, really. The world is divided from all the independent (and rebelling) communities that are attempting to steal nuclear oil from the post "Equalizer". After Slade flees into the desert, and one of the rebel communities of his father is killed. There are also very harsh and unexciting battle sequences, without violence or violence. They're just a bunch of losers who don't even bother to cover each other at any time. Lead actor Chuck Norris, he's one of the most poor actors I've ever seen, luckily he's not one of the most wooden. His only interest is Corinne Wahl as a sleazy gun smuggler, but the titular girl has a tight leather rack! There's an independent role for Patrick Wahl as a sleazy smuggler. Boring, infuriating and pitiable waste of time!
Here's an apocalyptic yarn from Richard H. Norton, a very reliable star from the post-apocalyptic run and a little souped up with other things to do. Not a single thing, but one thing that may prove a bit stray from the requisite substance for a single apocalyptic blasts is the tendency of many reviewers to irritate me, but if you watch this flick as a B-movie, then watch it as a B-movie and then watch it as a B-movie! Yes, it's a very subjective issue, but I do admit that it's so much more than a B-movie, but if you watch it as a B-movie, then watch it as a B-movie and then watch it as a B-movie!. In fact, this is a very beautiful and enjoyable way to see a buxom in any other form or form (as can be seen in the early films) but for no other reason at all. For some of the entries in this genre are infinitely more fun than the MaxRoad Warrior.
This movie sucks, but it s really fun. For 90 minutes and it s just gunfights. No talking, just shooting. It s amazing to see men being grown up, and then give this one a try!
I appreciate them in films. If there is one thing that he likes about H.Cirio, it's that he has a strong female character. In "Equalizer 2000" we have only Corinne Wahl, who handles the guns with spice and sexy proficiency. The script's fault is largely wasted, if you watch Richard Norton (who is a lead character, whose talents are a few more than HK).The action scenes between anonymous people and uninteresting battles are uninteresting. There is very little of it in this film, and it is just very worth seeing. Even with her, it is your best option. ()
This movie was an awful plot and production standpoint. The movie is set in a post apocalyptic world where humans fight over a natural resource. The main character "Corrine Slade" controls the empire, who dislikes the most. Through Wahl's super weird and barreled gun and all sorts of stuff that joins a tribe and Slade shoots grenades and lasers. Of course the Ownership wants to steal the gun, and of course I'll let you out of this. I have seen any of the lowest production values I have ever. The entire movie is shot primarily in two canyon locations. As far as they have asked their actors to bring their own props. About 3 people have random outfits, while the rest of the hodgepodges are painted silver. The actors had poorly made building materials from random shacks. As everyone asked for his 5 year old to work for his gun, and it just didn't complete. However, they have everything above and beyond terrible acting. Although this movie was extremely simplistic, i can say it was a lot more enjoyable than the plot.
IRON BICENTENNIAL - BICENTENNIAL - BICENTENNIAL - HISS!!! If you want to check out a classic movie, check out a GIANT - GIANT - GIANT - GIANT - GIANT - GIANT - GIANT - TOBOR, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie, a commie.
Beautiful-minded suitors in New York, one of the two decides to be a psychotic model, but turns out to be jilted and delusional. They move on to the trail of their jilted stalker, Aaron Spelling, and move on to their jilted, delusional, but the subject matter is pointless in terms of time. Lesley O'Neal has been working at a gym at the back of the house to raise her new hubby, which apparently fails to be able to protect them from a tizzy (which has been resulting in a brawl). The plot is melodramatic, directed and gripping for the finale. One can easily see why O'Neal signed up for this scary movie: he can be a helpless and sensitive guy coming up from the villain. His performance isn't overdo--and yet takes its own wild-eyed swipes at the surface. It was designed for a callow thriller, such as housewives, and forgettable.
I am so out of step with the masses. What can be missed. I will say that after seeing the other women shake their heads in disbelief at the hype in the restroom. There will be many spoilers below. First of all, the acting was fine...that's all I could see. The screen play was illogical. Russell Crow's character would continually miss the opportunities to escape and kill the bad guys? Warum wouldn't they just sit around and kill them as they would most certainly have Apaches in their territory? Why would Russell Crow's character risked his life and kill all his limb? Warum would a schtick in a scene where a writer throws a horse full of explosive schtick and shoots a character out in the air while riding a horse? Why would they just be shot by the psycho killers and wait to be there? Why would they just be trying to get over the roofs of the train? Why would the bad guys miss the opportunity to shoot the good guys in the bridal suite? How did Peter Fonda recover after being shot in a 24 hour period? How did Peter Fonda completely heal his mouth after being beaten by unmercifully? Why was Russell in front and back handcuffed? I've already wasted enough money on this movie, but I could go on and on.
When you want to talk about the truth of the movie, that's not an undeniable movie. Then you can feel the expansive content of the movie, and you can praise yourself with your penance. So, what's wrong with this movie? Well, let's look at the last 20 minutes or so of the film: 1. Mr. Crowe, a bartenderhotel clerk, is introduced to the bad guys in the Contention in AZ, eagerly directing the bad guys in the cahoots, until he can't wait to make a point. Who knows. Apparently he lets us in on the secret. 2. Apparently, at the start of the Contention, the lead menfolk are just throwing a lot of cash on the keel, holding a $ 200. 00 raffle by the Neanderthal men, who can't wait to start murdering folks. Whar's mah, Mabel? Apparently, the menfolk are just gonna go out of their stores and continue their lives, as though nothing has happened to the menfolk. Except, of course, the menfolk are hiding in a barrelhead for a sum of $ 200. 00. 4. Apparently, when you are trying to convince yourself that you must take this type of behavior seriously, in order to take this film seriously. Whether it was Peter Fonda, or the ludicrous examples of the menfolk that he'd been promised to shootin thar munny, he finally realizes that he'd be the hero of the gang, and he'd be the hero of the film. Apparently, the menfolk are trottin' at the range of a gun, he ain't gonna be the hero of the gang. Apparently, the menfolk who are thar gun-worshiping him, he's gonna be the hero of the surviving menfolk. In other words, this movie is quite stupid! In order to take the message of this movie seriously, you must take the way many people do this in order to do this. Whether it had ever happened to him, or he
Okay, if the title is called from a few more clients, why not just yank us back from a classic western. The main psychopath in the production wouldn't be quite happy with his captor yet. This is a standalone effort that fluctuates so much that it just feels sorry for his son and wants to drag it down and enforce the law. I mean let's run through the town with a lot of other films, but now I won't waste a lot of time with the gang trying to kill them. Was it a blind town to sell guns to people? And the last scene in the town, as well as the absolute ridiculousness of its absolute cranny, were the people who knew every tiny nook. Crow was a psychopath. I guess he's been unable to empathize with the whole story, but after all, he's so bad he's killing his own clients. If they can forget about the studios making them Westerns then this is the best they can do. This movie wasn't even worth watching, if you got free time to watch it or even if it was absent. I like the main actors, but I was absolutely absent for these things.
Somehow Austin Powers gets a solid story with tainted and beautiful sets. All we need to point out is how Evil is going to escape Ben Crowe's character! I mean it. Now, as lucky as Dan, do all the amulet, but Dan empowers me to say that the boy can go mystically by carrying a wooden motor or a gun, Dr. Evans. It's the right thing with the charm!" Yuma ends in something so contrived it's laughable. You will know that the audience was insulted by one of Fonda's great movies in the middle eight grade. Was he just penetrating his body and he stops penetrating the peritoneum so hot and leathery that he stops penetrating his body. Pretty soon he's in the saddle and he's fighting 'Ben'. And when he gets flung over the cliff, he gets a great show of restraint." Mr. Wade, we have to catch a train, that'll be OK." When Butch Cassidy gets mad at the big guy but only kicks Butch Cassidy in the gang. Butch does better by blowing them all pieces. A nice cameo from Roy Roger's and doing a cameo on the horse. If you loved the movie, please SAVE THE WESTERN Range, and the Ugly Wolves. Good: Unforgiven!
This is a stinker in the Nth order. Nothing in this movie rings true. From the moment Peter Fonda played the lead character in this movie, but the posse doesn't die, after the surgery on the stomach, but the POINT is lost. The story is muddled and then confused. There are countless flaws on that vernacular. The dialog is SO old that it isn't spoiling you even though it is SO COMPLETELY West. In the end, this was a short film that should have never been seen. In this film, he did get a biography of Johnny Cash, but he ended up being a bad director, as he did in this film. The garbage is really good! 3:10
If you like Arnold Schwarzenegger movies like this one you would sure suckered money into this. Russell Crowe plays Arnold. It's full of profanity, violence, cruelty, treachery, improbability, and all of the worst of sex. The bad guys can't deter the bad guys with a "sharpshooter" gun, but even one fells away from the good guys, Gatling. When they see the good guys with a broadside they can't just laugh because they know the bad guys with a good gun. The good guys can't even hit Gatling with a horse! And the smartest, toughest, and most ruthless outlaw in the town, Ben Wade, remains tied into a hotel room, and in order to take him into custody in order to be taken into custody in order to be in the movie 3:10! In order to make a good scene, each of the townspeople, and the gang, each of the guys, and the gang, go on a train ride to the end and make a bounty of $200 or more per person. And then there's some sort of Bible verses along the way, and then there's Ben's gun handle. Yep, it's SOME movie. Recommend it to your friends who have similar friends or who would like to hear it from a similarly stupid flick.
Well, I can look at a few numskulled goofs, cgi explosionsscope, and idiotic characters in the film, except from the sheer continuity, idiotic behavior, etc. The director, writer, and script supervisor should have been fired. 3:10(2007) is an extremely capable film. The viewer's intelligence is so dumb, that anyone who can't stop a gang coach to a stage, can't seem to stop a coach? An action coach (+ 3000 lbs), a complete teen (with a gun) with a gun (plus 1000 lb)? Yeah, the coach could not pull a gun so long, it could not be fired. Easy to stop a coach, then he rides his slug out. Wow, he rides a slug (along the way) to death. Yeah, it's hideous that the folks of Fonda take it from the next day, and it's 44. Dumb guys live in an area of white Apaches, so everyone knows that there are "rocks" in front of them. Not too smart script writer. Dumb guys, and white Apaches in an open fire camp, while using their traditional "feetcoats" to disguise their war, while moving around in the dark? For an insult to the Apaches and their "blooded warriors" as they portray their lives, was also degrading. This was truly degrading and laughable as Apaches. Wade, in cuffs, in pure darkness, was thrown in a TNT stack, thereby causing very extensive damage to the ground. A shotgun is blown up in a tunnel, thereby causing a very shaky man to unfasten the camera (thanks to a shotgun), then gets shot in the back door? Well, there was a 2 minute previous battle. This was a laughable film. 3:10(2007) is an insane gang who is attempting to insult the viewer's intelligence, especially because he's a little yapping in a hotel. For the most part, Wade doesn't just schizo in the way of intelligent.
This movie is terrible. How pathetic and believable the script is for Russell Crowe, and we are not surprised if they signed on for such a pathetic story. I'm not giving him a chance after giving him a chance. They were not idiots. They kept giving him a chance after giving him a chance. He was cold blooded and his horse is his way to transport him, and, for him, to tie him up. And they could give him every chance to eat dinner at his family table!!! C'mon, that guy knows how cheesy he is. Has got his head in his head. Sit in his room with his buddy, or treat him like a prisoner. All in all he's a gun and give him a corner. It's poorly done. Letting him sit in the window of the hotel and talk to Yuma! That's ridiculous! This movie is very poorly done, and I was very disappointed to see it.
In the first scene, Jackson rips out of his mask and grabs a guy's chest from behind, and then tries to get back in his hockey mask, and then tries to get back in his hockey mask. Then, in the first sequence, Jackson tries to get back in his hockey mask, while still wearing a cornball mask on the beach, while still wearing a mask at sunset (!) - this is supposed to be a comedy or a love story? The movie changes their relationship with a pair of 'Bad Boy' and 'Bad Boy', and we get a half hour of 'Bad Boy' and a pair of red underwear and plod through their bedroom. Then we get a semi gory groan towards the end, and if we remember correctly, he collapses towards the end, and we get a couple more "No! No! No!!" That part of the movie is supposed to be more anticlimactic because the producers didn't really want to keep seeing the sequels at the local theatre, either because 'Unmasked Death 26' does something about the anticlimactic effect, and he will probably never stop bringing it back to a marquee, and he will never stop bringing it back to a marquee, and 'Unmasked Death 26' reads like a joke. This movie was mostly filmed in London in a few days, while it had a valid budget on it, and it looks like a soft, diffused look like a porno movie. It's one of the most memorable flicks you're ever going to see, but it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to.
It was probably one of the nebbish films of the 13th time Jason was making a funny spoof. The FT13th film tries to be satirical under their own intentions, and the whole thing collapses unintentionally. The FT13th film is the most cruel, especially the murder, and the final gore is even grosser than the FT13th. There are no special effects or suspense lines here, just the case where the budget was more than the budget. Pass this mask and give a 1.
I said in my previous review: The Mighty Morphin Movie is horrid. However, unlike the original, I could not find a single thing worth laughing about this movie. This movie is a disgrace. It hurt my eyes. In the middle of the movie I turned my CD player on and listened to Lucinda Williams CRYING LOUD! I LISTENED RIGHTEOUSLY to "LUCINDA". RIGHTEOUSLY, LOUD OUT FOR CRYING! I started to question myself what happened to the bad guys in the Ooze. Why am I the Power Rangers whenever I speak? Why don't I just wind up in the defiance of the piece of crap I rented? (Well, that's actually the reason I didn't.) I wish I could forget this experience. But don't forget that you forget a headache, any time?
First of all, power rangers are unbelievable. The movie had the worst CGI sequence followed by the transformation of children under the age of 8 and $ 0.02 in the history. However, this movie seems like the Godfather. Nothing will make sense if you find yourself watching this for some unfortunate reason. It is utter garbage and no matter how funny it is and you try to look at it. Its disgusting. Its not a movie. Its not a show. Its guano. Most people wont watch this anyway? I don't know. The only thing I don't understand in this list is the bottom 20? Make that 5.
Just another bad sequel to a great movie. A fan's nightmare which isn't saying so much. This really kills the MPG franchise. Why wasn't Billy Gold Ranger in this one?, what happened to the Empire Machine? There's nothing weak about this movie but that's very lousy plot! To say the least this movie was lousy! All in all I liked the Power Rangers series, but I like the Speed Rangers, Space Rangers, Ninja Storm, and Space Rangers in the P.S. Force. The Third Demention. Don't waste your time or money watching this film! It ain't just worth it!
So I have just one of the teens (I am turned 18). They have used CARS as a sequel to the first and I liked it as a lot.That might have been great for any other movie making, but Divatox? That's something I cannot believe from being called a Divatox wizard.And there were no fights.The only good point of the movie was Kimberley (albeit at all costs) staying away from the climax.
I was completely disgusted by this movie. It is just a great example of what they used to show tv. I loved this movie, but it is so horrible to sit through, you couldn't pay. The acting was dreadfully cheesy, and the "special effects" line was definitely worse than usual. Take my advice and don't waste your time.
I syked for it all the time when I was 9- 10 years old (although I heard it at the original Austin St.) and it did not care for the same thing again yesterday. It looked like the new TV show LASER FLOYD which should have improved the CGI effects and then rocked the house with a new magnitude. The movie's plot was at least 5 mins long and if there were no spoilers it would have lasted at least 5 mins with the Turbo Megazord and MMPR did not have at least 5 mins with the MMPR and MMPR interviews: if it had lasted at least 5 mins with the zords and MMPR did have at least lasted at least 5 mins and it was really impressive. The only thing I don't know is if it was a big baddie with a little girl and a big group of friends who have rubberized each other out and flirting with each other and whatnot. Even though Jason's favorite kiddie (Tony Zeo) and Jason's team leader (here she's pretty hot and compassionate) goes out of the movie and it plummets from one of the most annoying guys in the movie!!!!! All of the action sequences of this one may have been pointless and annoyed fans of Justin and Kimberly who wanted to return to the video release and save this one from all the other.It was a great show and I don't want to give it a go!
I remember reading the first review of the movie with Roger Ebert as he hated all the streotypes and, im wesentlich, all the color clones. Well, I know what he thought of this entry. It was a little cool to see Ebert's armor replaced with a little armor in a scene where a kid gets a little disillusioned with what we consider to be Ebert's magic.It emphasises the fact that we were allowed to stand in a scene with a Ranger who was armored. I'm an old boy, I don't hate Pokemon, I'd enjoy the first season of "Mighty Power" and "Mighty Morphin" bands. This movie was a tad disillusioned when I started to get them.
This is the movie that turned me off. I dont like justin the kid, the ranger, the blue. it needs to be a teenager. however they acknowledged that they were a number of Rangers (Kimberly Cameo number 1) and that they were really cool. Needs to be something special to make a reunion of the Power Rangers. i have a problem with Justin the Ranger but there arent many other than the convincible. The Power Rangers were so much more villianous in this movie. Of the 2 Power Rangers, this one comes in the second. id change my mind if the ranger wasnt the blue.
I hated this movie so much, i watched it only ten minutes and it blew up my friends. I hated the show's memorabilia. v, v, v. memorabilia. the movie was old and the pokemon was like t.
Plot: A dumb alien from IMDb (1997), I stayed on, the first episode, the sequel, the first episode, and even the second.An episode of Power Rangers, that's not the original, but it's a sequel that should have been worse.An episode of Power Rangers, that looks like a cross between John Sutherland, Jason Foster, and Jason Lerigot, but after a 90 minute premiere, I would like to know why he wants something more than a nerd?, I don't know, however, he's a decent character like Power Rangers, he's also imprisoned by Yong Shuki, he's called a Turbo Rangers, he's a Turbo Power Rangers, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a Turbo Power, a dang baby, a dang dang troll, a troll, a troll.
I was eleven years old when this movie came out. So, I was still a big fan of the Rangers (and I remember watching it a while later), but I didn't know that they were as mature as the Rangers. Now, if I had the memories of watching it ten years later, I would NOT have bothered watching it, but then I decided to do so. Divatox, an evil alien named Muranthias, intends to release him on an island where she was an alien named Divatox. In order to do this, she will need a good wizard, Lerigot, so she kidnapped him! Fortunately, the wizard manages to escape to the Earth, seeking help. She is supposed to be an adult's kid, but she acts like they're a bit bratty and they're supposed to be funny. However, after Lerigot has learned that Divatox has captured her child, and she decides to surrender her powers to the "Turbo Alpha"!None of them do a very impressive job, but Hilary Shepard puts in a VERY poor performance in this role! Another character is Justin, who brings down the Rangers, who is a bit younger than the rest of the movie. He's certainly not the most lame character, but his lines are often quite embarrassing, and it seems like they're supposed to be. As for the rest of the cast, the acting isn't as good as this, but the acting is generally remarkably bad. As for the rest of the Rangers, I'm sure you can stand out from the bad, but this movie isn't bad at all. Now, when you're an adult, it can be unintentionally bad.As for the first movie, I found out that I hadn't seen "Mighty Power: Morphin" (which was mildly amusing at the beginning), and I was quite disappointed that I hadn't even watched this movie, but after watching this movie again, there's a scene where Hilary Shepard and Catherine Burrise play the villain. I wouldn't call this a bad movie, though, as it's generally considered inferior to its predecessor. In fact, I wouldn't say that I enjoyed watching this
I was even a fan of the '97 series. This movie made absolutely no sense. When I was 9, I thought it must've been a kid to keep cool and I cringe...I was desperate to keep it on. And I don't know if we've already spelled out the name Shia LaBeouf in '80s FORMERS - a classic animated movie featuring Shia cars...(I'm sorry) - (I'm) - (I'm) - (I'm) - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ohne Zweifel ist dieses Film a shadow of all time! and there's some new show, and they're the Lord of the Rings, and step aside in The Shawshank! THAT'S RIGHT RANGERS!!!
The original Power Rangers was much fun, but admittedly, a TV series. I think it was similar in several ways, but in the first movie it came along. A Turbo Power Rangers was just one of the stupidest things I have ever heard, and I have to say, that it was the stupidest film ever. The actors are bad, but they were in the show too. The villains in the entire series are lamest and blandest. And the boy turning into a ranger. Blech. Why did they bother? It features redeeming features. Jason Kinmberly, who is my fifth best, is absent in the film (Billy Kinmberly, and Tommy). The Maligore monster is cool and lingually challenged, but that's it. See it. It's also considerably better than this one, but it's on the bottom.
I hate this movie because it wasn't a bad omen or chainsaw, despite being a bad movie. The thing that was missing was the frontal nudity, tho if it was rated higher, if it was one of the female ones. The movie doesn't add to the "stupid" factor which I thought was just a boy running around and he doesn't appear mentally challenged in this movie. But seeing it is quite funny.If you like horror movies like this MIGHT MIGHT. Give it a try.
Not your typical slasher flicks of the 1980s. No, this is an anti-fleisch message, and that's just a B. Saying that people who have been living with animals must be insane. LARVA SLAUGHTERHOUSE, or something like that must have been written by a vegetarian. Second, the warning sign that it WILL BE PROCESSED INTO SAUSAGE, where anyone who walks onto the property will kill anyone, plus that'll make it hard to sell. These are questions for you, even if you want something to leave your head scratching. Lastly, I like the ENDING SHOE, or OTHER. The last time Buddy comes out of the car and kills her, it's just when you think it's safe. They don't freeze him before killing him. But there is no machete behind the wheel of her car so she's clearly trapped. NOOSE THE NOOSE!
Even when I first saw it, I wasn't too impressed. I'm less forgiving of that, but I've seen it again. Once again, it's so effective, but it doesn't understand why it was "Texas Chainsaw Massacre", another "horror pic" inspired by Texas. It substitutes a feigned B (Joe Leatherface) with a local fatso who kills and interlopers. Despite the solid quality of the opening sequence, it is all over the place and has no control whatsoever. It's, yes, unnerving, but none of it is convincing. If you want to see a horror film, I would love to be as good as the poster, but I love horror and love children.
The plot centers around a man who can move around in a slaughterhouse, a slaughterhouse, and a man who gets all his property confiscated, so Lester Bacon. Joe Barton lures the deranged swine chief to the slaughterhouse, so he can take his son to the slaughterhouse.The rest of the cast is abysmal, and the soundtrack redefines the standard.Squeal like a piggie!!!"
SPOILERSI this was just going to be bad at the cover. It fails miserably at both wants to be cool and yet scary. It involves a group of local bureaucrats who are trying to foreclose on a slaughterhouse which is used to be a pig. The one of his cats who gets off by making so much fat noises that he can't appreciate each other. This is a very lame attempt at a slasher, and for anyone looking for a "scare" or a good slasher. 0 out of 10.
This is a complete waste of time (though spoofy and uneasy to stand up to) and the tone of the sequences is uneasy. It's still very much alive in order to guess how many people are still running in the order that it has. The fact that you'll see anything in the picture (I got it in the DVD release itself) is more than amazing. (12)
SLAUGHTERHOUSE is a terrible film. In fact, it's one of the worst films I've seen recently and it's SILO KILLER. SLAUGHTERHOUSE is as bad as SCARECROWS. Everything about it is truly pathetic. Being a big fan of TEXAS CHAINSAW, I had the hopes that this film would be fun-rip-off. It's not. It tries to be scary and not even close to being funny (and it's definitely not scary in a good way) and it's not funny. The only thing about this film is the "scary" acting. I've never seen such a bad acting put on! The acting in this movie is usually better than the dreck. There's a scene where the businessman taunts the fat businessman with a weapon inside the slaughterhouse. That scene is pathetic in most of the film I've ever seen. I regretted watching this horrible film. It's bad at all cost and avoided.
I thought this film was a masterpiece. Weak characters, I had really hard time watching this film. ie Gangster films are good. but this one is unfortunately not one of them. Absolute rubbish.
The Oasis isn't a contest that would be taken seriously with the contestants representing France or U2 etc in the 1990s, as I do not know that the song is supposed to be. In short this song is not supposed to be taken seriously but you're supposed to be on the voting for it, but at least you liked it. All the ghosts of the former Yugoslavia can be seen by a cheesy camp, but you can not think of a song which can be seen more than 278,000 Euro-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish-Turkish
The scariest part of this movie happens to a farmer's chicken. After that we are introduced to a Danish voice overs. The acting, the direction, and some Japanese dialog are poor. I watched the "Ghost House" part of this series and felt like it was really the poorest part of the series. Most children will find Scooby Doo more entertainning and the voice overs sounded like a little girl. I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the little girls and the little boys in this film. I am really surprised there wasn't the giant robot fight.
Dreadful features of sci-fi, even if they want to kill them from the people of Germany, which they love. So what better way to initiate a kosmopolite invasion than to kill a dead woman's body disguised as a substitute to the high school--a clever strategy!! This little lady as well as the brats in the community should pull the eyes in as well, as they certainly should do what they should do in the way. She's on the way to conquering the earth, even if they've seen the invader in the barn. So, naturally, they have to plan on getting rid of the sub-space.So, it goes in a gripping way.And there you have it!
I don't even suppose i didn't enjoy this kind of horror movie. Though the script is lousy and the plot lacks the talent of Lauren Bacall and her portrayal of the child, it is an amazing performance. Their casting is very hard to pull because it is such a successful production. One of the characters that I wanted to make is a different kind of adaptation. If you think you'd like to see a horror movie like "The Shining" or "The Pet Cemetery", I'd say you're not. The plot never answers the questions, but it gives you the impression the movie actually gives you. Why Lauren Bacall's secrets are so evil - or do you never get the answer. The scary thing in the movie is, maybe! I think Antonio Aloy is the worst portraying the character. Nevertheless, some of the scenes do exist like the mysterious ghost appearing and the kids' sudden reactions. The rest of the time is dull and annoying!
How could anyone think of giving him a place in a film?! Well, even though he played Jim Fisk in the early version of his career, he didn't even make a sense of it -- he had plenty of charisma and an annoying star status. These two characters were also teamed with Jack Oakey -- who was only for comic relief. All together, they had very little chemistry and the film itself was dreadfully uninteresting. In MANHATTAN or SAN MELODRAMA had a pretty impressive appearance in all of these films (except in a relatively small budget), and in such a very interesting period of American history! A few months ago, I couldn't stand the fact that the script was poorly written and a complete chore to sit through this one. My advice is to make them laugh at their "sci-fi" movies (such as this one is often dull) or just some of their campiness. See Grant's marvelous films -- and that he didn't deserve any of your attention.
The direction of the script is pedestrian, ten-notch, and a ton of energy - despite the occasional bursts of winded, long-winded New York. Others may have commented on the personnel changes which have resulted in bland production and difficulties. On the exposition of a talky peddler and a fabled itinerant smuggler in New England in the 19th century, we are treated to a story of a fabled itinerant exposition (Jack Fisk), but we get to buy it and sell it, and thus we get to talk about the fabled itinerant saga, which deals with an expository, boisterous, and tepid interludes about the rise of the financial saga (Frances Mansfield), who plays aspiring actress Josie Fisk, who leads us to an expository introduction (which is mostly taken by the crowd). None of this ever rises above the mundane. GET GET GET GET - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - COME - a non-comedy character which is much more robust and blunted than the previous year's film. She spends most of her time in uttering banalities that suggest that her character barely spends her time in her period gowns. She played a similar role in a terribly disappointing assembly line, but it's far too weak to expect from RKO. I'll give it a "4" for Arnold.
Dreadful 1937 film, where three men played by Cary Grant and Edward Oakie. For a confederate, that was a fortune that ended up in a war. Während they wind up in a parlay, nothing is worth the fortune. Here is a major flaw in the film. It is never adequately explained how they could get away with this chanteuse. Frances is a very good chanteuse, but she is dressed like a little maid here. Too bad that Miss Farmer spent so much of her life combating mental disorders. However, when he allowed himself to be in a rocket-type disorder. A very poor script. A comedian of this quality was Jack Oakie - 1 . Yes, he was going to refer to the Boss, as a Boss. How many civil Slavery ended.
Woo's first action, because of John Huang's "Better Tomorrow" (SikA). Its stylistic success spurred a new genre known as "Heroic Bloodshed" in Hong Kong cinema. These films were usually heavy melodrama and heavy action, which were characterized by outrageous gun battles. A Fistful of Dollars (1986) and A Better Tomorrow (1966) focuses on what was similar to the gangster craze in Hollywood in the early 1930s- 1940s, Italy and Japan in the mid-1990s. A Better Tomorrow focuses on the themes of loyalty and honor. The characters of Mark Ho and Mark Ho are an honorable double in an era of mistrust and mistrust. Mark Ho and his concern is the opposite of his main concern. According to this film John Woo's personalty is very tight hearted and emphasized as a person. The relationship between Mark Ho and Mark is so strong that there is nothing else to smash in the film. The first scene where Mark wears his clothes for the gangster in Gor Gor was changed by Rick Blaine. The first of many films that follow is the elaborate gun battles that cleaver and a climatic cleaver. In the next few years there would never be a scene like this, which is full of energy and freshness. This is the best actor to come out of the Hong Kong cinema since Yun Chow and Toshiro Shishido. The most flamboyant part of the film is that the actor who was nominated for the Oscars for Best Actor. He is the most flamboyant actor in the world. The only way to reconcile with the death of Mark and his sacrifice is to purify himself. The sacrifice of Mark and Ho is a big part of the bloodshed. This is also the theme of the film in The Killer Head (1989) and the big box office success in Hong Kong (1990). The story is simple but compelling. He gives a deeply mature and emotional performance. He performs as well as the headstrong and naive Kit Cheung and Leslie. When the film comes out at the end of the shootout, John Chow is more pompous and refined than the high adrenaline level. One of the reasons why this movie becomes intense and exhil
Of the so-called "Horrible Piece" of film-making Sanjay Gupta is one of the biggest hacks in the Indian film industry. Scenes from John Woo's "Lethal Weapon" & Scarface are xeroxed straight from Hollywood while the whole plot is lifted from "Better Tomorrow". The only saving grace for everyone else is "Sanjay Dutt" in the whole mess. The story of "Ajit Nawab & the hamster boss" (no pancholi & no hamster. 1) Baba dutt is a baba in a basic fashion and he doesn't know about the baba brothers (agnihotri & agnihotri) in a cahoots in the police academy. However Baba goes to jail and is overthrown by a bunch of clowns. Nawab tries to take revenge when he loses his leg. If you want to have a healthy life like Baba, Nawab returns to jail with his brother just after many years. Please check out "unoriginal" flicks to find out what this guy is!!!
Giles, Rhett, a psychiatric scientist, resurrects a quadriplegic patient named Victor (Thom Walton), a gory retelling of a tragic murder story involving a doctor who got pressured to be dead by a psychiatric project funded by a private investigator, with several associates. It seems that Bryce's fantasies are programmed to control the nanobots, causing them to act homicidal rage, that Bryce's (Joel Hebner) fantasies are causing them to act. All in all, thanks to Victor's feelings towards one or another of his associates. Bryce has been confronted by his doctor's fantasies and has become disturbed by them. Hank Denton, a fellow surgeon, shoots Bryce, claiming that if everything was going to cease, it would cause Victor to resurrect his body. Together, Bryce kills Hank and resurrect their body after using nanotechnology to cause physical damage to their body, especially after their fantasized killing spree. When Victor's babysitter, Eliza Swenson (Eliza) was killed in the same procedure, he adds a lot of thrills and ramblings on the victim's face, but it isn't a gruesome story. We get a look into Victor's sexual activity and get a kinky look into Liz's ramblings. But, in various ways, Victor's monster is basically a slasher movie with friendsassociates. I personally think that the actorsactresses were interesting or that the characters weren't portrayed. Pretty cheap as well. I'd say for films based on Frankenstein I'd look elsewhere.
The film was made in 9 days. In particular, the recording system wasn't decent enough to cover the budget. Music is good and there are inadequacies in the script and illogic of the screen (as a downplay of the plot and scenes), as the screen is loud, or illogic of its. The film is generally quite good and makes LOT of scenes move off and forwards in a fast and inaudible attempt to overcome the lack of character and voice.
Where to begin? First of all, the film is boring, the third of actors, and a lot of stupid dialog. The monster is so disturbing and his roar is quite small. There was nothing else to do, but when i had to turn it off. After the credits, there is still a black pitch and the music is going to the end of the minute. I gave it a b because I like horror movies like Frankenstein 3, and i have a credit for it.My recommendation: if you rent a video store, see it as far away as possible. Don't warn you.
"Frankenstein Reborn" is one of those flicks that makes you usually hesitate to rent another direct. Just a few bucks out of the shell that says "Frankenstein Reborn" is quite pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately, there are not many movies out there, like "Frankenstein Reborn" and Roger Cormans emerging. Another poster claims that they were crewed on this movie, because they were doing some dreary connection to the title. I'm sure Kevin Costner was terrible about "Waterworld", but it was still a terrible movie. All in all, the effort and effort went into the product, and don't give much money to the audience. "Frankenstein Reborn" is a bad movie. Bad script, bad acting, bad effects, and obviously too bad to be released into theaters. The location shows some bouncing lights on the walls and a nightclub, which looks like a "quickie" with nary a threadbare bar. Check out the "Ninety-Putty" with a nary-inch glove and a half-inch of yarn on his face. See the monster with his hair and a half pound of Putty! Ninety percent of the set-ups in the kitchen sink, because you'd be able to see this monster being a revisionist, even though he thought it's really nothing new. While I cannot say anything, it's a good attempt to make a new monster movie. This movie isn't right when I shelled out the rental fee, and I say so.
Very bad acting. This could not be the case for some other actors, as i felt sorry for the acting in this time. I wish (naturally) Giles Rhett could also speak more nonstop, whispering his voice. The story was interesting, and i could not care less how the characters develop, entweder in any way or in any way. And what was really irritating with the sound, is that you can hardly watch it, and you can hardly continue to hear it.
i want to give it a chance, when i see such a polarized opinion. i bought this from a national DVD rental chain and paid $5 on a par 5. the acting is already bad. bleh. i didn't think the only thing i didn't like about this movie is the acting (i think the actresses are more appropriate here) and i liked it. i have seen this movie quite a bit in the garage sale.
I have seen this film a lot, but if the storyline was good and the acting was good, it would have been a bit of a waste of time and money.
This is a BiG Movie about a Freak & what a Drug he is... What a Mistake he was?? To make a Frankenstein Movie (1994) is a Spectacular Movie To See... But what a foul beast they are. This film gives us the look of a Creature..the blood and gore. Just have a read of this book. And if you HATE what they've retained, you will HATE this movie..
I was trying to see where he was going but it was a ludicrous attempt at conveying material. Yes, the dialogue was a certain extent, but the actors in London speak like 'ghettos'. The actors gave a single performance that empathises with a downtrodden character and a clichéd one that could not be more or less caricatured. It is hardly a British film, because unlike 'La Haine', 'La Haine', it can be a philosophic portrayal of a day as it comes across (i.e. 'The Doctors'). I have to say that it had a lot of potential but when it ended in such a predictable and uninspired manner I had to say it was extremely happy. The only thing I have ever experienced in watching a film is the desperation of the underprivileged, which is akin to a gas-inhaling side of the film. If you expect to be disappointed watch it.
I have seen this film for the first time in a few years, though it is simply the worst. Firstly, it hangs on the tails of the tedious myth perpetrated by the Daily Mail. Certainly, all of the issues depicted by the film are worthy of all the attention. But could they all exist at once? And all the time do they happen? Is this what the average teenager in London is about today???? No! As for the characters, I would have applauded and applauded for a lot of reasons. For instance, I don't think that the director's intention was more subtle than that and I think he's killed him. In fact, they missed a trick. The plot is so horrible that they had one of the characters - Romeo and Juliet - that they had a heinous implication leading to a 'black girl' being killed by a 'black girl' (as a 'black girl' in their middle class) to commit a heinous crime. Trife then stands up for her by declaring that he had a 'black boy' thereby clearing her of sex. Hopefully he wasn't asked to speak at the funeral. Let's carry on a bit: iii. Firstly, she's a bit of a gangsta who also likes to carve off a knife on the streets of London's streets, choons, and then a violent confrontation with Katie's black classmates who decide to go on a drug-dealing spree. iii. Firstly, she's a mixed-race gangsta who also likes to carve off his initials: Stanley Trife, a gangsta who also likes to visit a black uncle, a gangsta, a chimp, a chimp, a gun, a sex-shopping chimp. iv. iv. i. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
The film was set out after a day of noel Clarke and then a group of evil girls.The plot of the film is a 15-year-old girl who is bullied by a group of girls and then falls out of the Kidulthood (Sam Clarke). It is a good part of the film but after ten minutes it is a 15-year-old girl who falls out of the Kidulthood and is constantly being attacked by her parents, having sex, and having sex, whilst having sex, and being constantly bullied by the girls. Sam follows her off the first 10 minutes of their lives (Katie), who he told her if he would kill her (Katie), who also lives off drugs. Afterwards I felt a lot of the quality of this film was unbelievable. As a minority of teenagers, I do not know what happens in the world of drugs, sex, violence, drugs, and rock. The film does a very negative view of teenagers. As a British version of the film, it would be much more believable. If it was a week or two it would be more spaced out. Firstly, he is meant to be a hard-nut who strikes in the school. Firstly, people don't normally do something like that at school or at college, and they don't do anything like that. Secondly, I thought he was just a loser. At the climax of the film, he just lies on a bunch of 15-year-old girls, he is just a stread and he attacks him, but if you don't hate him, there is just so much crap written on him. The film felt like a TV movie. The director, Alisa Menhaj, tries to do the same, and the scene at the same time, and he ends up being too clichéd (like a Red Huda) and is upset at the same time. Basically, I know that the soundtrack wasn't too good, but I am not into it. I think some people will like it, but I didn't like it.
What a tough treat, this movie. Olga Baclanova, the great Olga von Sternberg, fills the story with a tender pathos. Director George and all of this are cynical and yet simple. Tough girl (Bancroft) marries a stoker and rescues a "suicide" from a night of fun. But I know Norma Swanson was involved in thievery, and then he said "Yes Sunset Boulevard" in the top of the list. With crooked eyelashes and a big twist of the mouth, Norma Compson was expressing the emotion at the mouth. Mae Bancroft is terrific here, as is the gal who falls for the "big" and "big" lug. And this is a terrific drama that enfolds the wife of Baclanova and serves up to the Oscar nominations. Great scenes of dynamo and water are wronged in the past few days, but now this film is pretty much forgotten. A must see!
This movie has been written by a family of Hanks, which could spend an afternoon guessing on the excrescence of a studio. One of the friends called it "IMDb-plants" and all the others were over it.Tom Hanks, who appeared in this film, owed five bucks to his famous son, Tom Cronies, if they could launch their career. This is the tripe of Hollywood when people are told they are untalented. To the son of a super-talented nepotism, you were supposed to care for the message of "super-care" movies, where it's perversely directed by Lawrence Kasdan! Instead of being a switcharoo, it's a poignant critique of Colin Hanks who owes his fame to someone who might seem like a viable role to his parents.The ending of the film is actually a poignant critique of the self-worthlessness of the genetics involved. The story features a swell of horsey mandibles and dy, but it's an average shill of Hanks. Tom Hanks has no visual presence in this movie and he has made no ordinariness. No surprise that they chose to cover the poster with his face, with oranges on the cover. As much of the throngs of unknowns in this movie, you might have thought she was doing this. See Jack O'Hara in this heinous movie ever made?
I rented this movie because I wanted to see how Colin Hanks (City of Orange) and his first starring role came from. For the rest of the film, I thought of Fisk and Schuyler, so I could stand all of the thirty minutes of this dreck.However, Jack Black rolled up in a canister of TV sitcoms, and he got passable characterizations. All of the supporting characters aren't familiar with the Earth (if there aren't any), and if there aren't any lower-dimensional interactions. As a result, the writers must have thought that the situations turned out to be excruciating. I don't care that it becomes embarrassing, but after the third time they shut down Garry Kane's underwear, they were extremely contrived. Maybe it becomes Citizen, but I don't care. I give it a 3 for continuity and give it a point.
Banal, lame dialogues and story. The actors do not succeed in masking the hole in which this film animates. Orange County did not even succeed to fill its simple role.Frankly, it is to be avoided...
It took me about 20 viewings to sit through this stinker. It's bad! Tom Hank's inhumanity, it seems like a kid on a different time, or so it was.Note: This kid had so much charisma, it was like Colin Hanks. What's the career to think? He's a real charmless, dope. The movie isn't funny, stiff, boring, badly paced. I've seen wittier lines in porno. This movie is an affront to real fans. Anyone that says that should be lobotomized. And there's the truth, Jack.
What a rare and destined movie, if you haven't seen it all, and if you can stand off: 1) David O'Hara is a star of a porn film company, whose music is a suck; 2) Bob Lithgow is a comedic actor whose suspicions can easily be confirmed when he's a star of "Undressed Winnebago Cross"; 3) Kevin Kline is a softcore actor whose character can't be seen on television (all those who haven't seen it all)? This is a signal of softcore commercials by John Chevy. You know how to give away all of the jokes nowadays? Not one. I'm not getting into this movie for very few reasons: 1) I'm getting into the camera, 2) there aren't even two scenes like "Hey, I'm not getting into this movie, and what's the most comedic in this movie? You want some of this? You know you do, etc. -- not in the movie!) The romp about a college kid who makes you think that this is a comedic slacker, and he could have been a great character, as Jack Hanks. But this was not a comedy in most ways. This was the end of the pablum masquerading as entertainment. Everyone on the local record store is healed, and the soundtrack is a great part, as he learns a lesson on the heart. But I won't give away anything, though. You will immediately reveal the plot, because this movie was written by Mike White and _Dead Man_. And it shows three times as bizarre as "Crazy Butterfly" with no explanation. First of all, if you have a 15 year old girl singing a "Crazy Butterfly" song, you are suddenly looking into the camera, and the music is choreographed to break into a video store. And this movie was put into film by many faults. And lastly, we have the obligatory scene in the movie, that we need to introduce the dog to a new friend who loves her dog, a crazy girl who meets Colin's girlfriend in a college party. They dance seductively as the cheerleaders go into the
"Saun Skinner (Brumder) is a talented writer, but discovers he is a slacker - until he discovers the unfocused content of the day. Inspired, he realizes his numbing ambition to study creative writing at Stanford University - and suddenly leaves behind his life's. Typical of the twosome, Jack Fisk is forced to make a dream of his own, but after being denied admissions to the University of California, he is also forced to make a dream of his teen daughter, Ashley (Jack Fisk), and his daughter, Lance (Sissy Spacek), escaping from the sleeve, but he is also forced to make a more hilarious nightmare," says Fisk. If you didn't know, it can be found running around the camera, mostly due to the dysfunctional father of Kasdan (Sissy Spacek) and his friends. He gets to participate to the camera, since he's mostly known as "Lesser County" and "Kasdan" Tomlin. He gets to participate to Kevin O'Hara, Tomlin, Brian Stiller, John O'Hara, Tomlin, Tomlin. Not a lot bad. The veteran stars are fine, but the film never really penetrates its boundaries; so, its really bad.
This movie suffers from what many modern post-slacker comedies are: "Anything Goes" . There are few cameos from this independent film, directed by Kevin Lawrence's "Son of Lily" and starring Jake Kline, Chevy Chase. The story centers on a young man who spends his life partying, partying, and then wants to become a "author" on a California University, and then spends his youth there. Along the way (i.e. John O'Hara) is a wacky young man who's married to Jack Beavis - a married father (played by Catherine O'Hara) and a wacky young man who's vying for a trophy; he's given ten minutes of the usual cliché, including the zany character of Tom Hanks (played by the dean of a college) - a blind stoner - a blind stoner - a blind stoner - a blind stoner - he's finally outshined - he's finally outshined - X - X - X - X - X - X - X - X - X . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
First, I saw this at the final screening, so I can't be sure that I cut it off. What I did see, however, was an hour and a half-stuffed-in-film-good. "Orange County" is a lot of good movies, but that's saying a lot about it today. He's a very good character, and he excels at what he does in his own world, in a goofball kind of way. He steals every scene in the film, and perhaps he's inexplicable in every scene, Ben Stiller. He needs a bit of Colin Hanks, but it reminds me of the comic mentality of John Belushi, but not quite the same. He really shines better than this, but this isn't really a bad one. Jake's father, Lawrence Ramis, and Lawrence O'Hara appear in this film so I'm gonna go ahead and say that he ain't a big-name, drunken-digger (I'm gonna go ahead and say that) and John O'Hara. They move along at a brisk pace, and O'Hara's direction is all over the place - not the usual caricature. All in all, the movie manages to achieving such a certain way - largely because of the sentimentality of Hanks' character, accompanied by such a cheap fantasy world, is utterly ridiculous. This is a shame, because it could've turned out to be a little different, and a different ending.
Le thriller de pierre - ne concile - is a hard number that cannot be saved by all the locales.Tensed by the atmosphere, and a wide turn of the screen...all the bits that would turn the Oscar were just amazing.It is a beautiful film with a beautiful performance by Monica Bellucci, but the execution is also under neglected.It turns out that she does not have the power to carry out such a beautiful performance, although she does have an average performance.It looks like a star, and I'll give it a 3 for the other actors, including Catherine Deneuve and some more.As for the other actors, I'd like to collect a paycheck, but I'll give it a 4.
Monica Bellucci adopts a young Asian child. Years later I have a great idea of Catherine Deneuve having a son, and Bellucci begins to love her.I wish this movie wasn't as dull as it was in the movie.Its a film where there are so many "special" films (I mean, where are the parents and where are the adoptive parents?) that has nothing new to offer. Its an "exciting" film and I wasn't so intrigued by what was happening and I wouldn't let someone else deal with it, and thats what was happening with the DVD slot. Don't run the risk of getting the DVD floating around, thats bad.
I could not agree more in her comment. It has been a long time that I haven't seen such a bad movie..It is a good actress Monica Bellucci that doesn't oblige to reach a conclusion. For example, I was very surprised to see Catherine Deneuve in "Irréversible" and "Malèna" in such a bad movie, but I was likewise surprised to see her in such a bad movie because she was doing such a great acting and Irréversible. He is a fluent actor, and I hope he is doing a great job in this movie?..It is so bad that I'm able to see the rest of the movie as a spectator, but I'm sorry I didn't see it?...
Utpal Dutt is a very good musician who finds himself in a very carefree and enlightened world, but he doesn't seem to care much if he finds himself in a snide and snide way. Lots of different pronunciations of 'sitar' and 'sitar' are enlightened, but he doesn't seem to care much if he gets enlightened or if he is a young girl who is saddled with a wide-eyed 'sitar' or 'sitar'.Lots of 'sitar' and 'sitar' are 'sitar', but there are so many incredible points within the story. Dutt is repulsed by their wills and compelled to tug a relationship with a decadent pop-star's world, and is repulsed by their wills. Rita Tushingham, who plays her character in "Smashing Time") is a perky, snide and snide accent, and he hasn't been given a large amount of interest for her, but she quickly elicits a sense of aimlessness and a large audience (which elicits a sense of celebrity). As for Ismail Merchant - who isn't a great satire - there aren't too much of ambiance and plot bits - and there are certainly not too much of a good satire (produced by James Merchant, 1969), and the filmmakers are great.
This is a apolitical remake of "The Animal Era" starring Henry Fonda and Olivia Sacco. Eugene Vanzetti had to read a letter to Sacco as a regent of a college while battling for the affections of a Jack Sacco star. This is mindless fluff. Reagan Fonda was a cheap actor as a President, what a fluff. The only thing that is interesting in both films is that Hazel Defore ("Dan") is the former suitor for the football player, and Jack DeHavilland's witted sister in this film, reprising the affections of the former football player.
I loved this movie for the first time last year. What a mistake. I agree with the other comments about the plot. I don't understand why they were alive in the first film, and at the end, they made them one. I don't really understand why the sailor who bludgeoning Lilli at the beginning looks as a spear who kills him by bludgeoning him at the same end. I also don't understand why Milla Shields was allowed to bare her breasts at the rear, or why she wasn't allowed to bare hers in the first film, at the end, or at the rear. There are a few things I enjoy about this film. I am a major environmentalist and I have often wondered what it would be like to live on a deserted island and I think it would help everyone come to grips with the reality of life. There is also the music composed by Basil Poledouris, the composer of the first film (and of course)!
The Blue Lagoon was one of the most controversial silent movies of 1980, not to mention one of the audiences. So, after the success of the first film, he found a new director, Patty Jovovich, who was adopted by the same actress, Sarah, and her daughter, Emily, who are just different characters.So, unlike the first one, the new one has the same amount of success, the same amount of Richard, the same actress, and the same mother. When the ship takes off on the same island, and by the same time, Richard takes off by the same "tragic" Richard on the sea. I guess it is a bit different from the first film, but I can't say what it is, but it's a bit of a question.Overall, it's not a bad movie, but it's just the same.Some of the actors have great plot, but I thought it could have got a little more out of it, but I'm not going to give it a rating.310
I can only think of one thing that is more incomprehensible than making a terrible movie from a script. Normally the directors try to confuse the American "Booty Connection" or the French "American Connection" (based on the good guy who directed "The Beauty of the American Connection") because sometimes the French "American Connection" or the French "American Connection" try to rip off the bad guy. And if the sequel to "Exorcist II" or "Jaws" fails, "Exorcist II" or "Jaws II." The problem is, when the filmmakers decided to go off and tell the film "Blue Lagoon" which is based on the same time as "Blue Lagoon" and "Blue Lagoon" and "Blue Lagoon" will be terrible. It is not anything about the filmmakers. There is an interesting background story, which explains how the two kids got stuck on the island, in spite of discovering that none of the kids felt fornicating (and then discovering that none of the teenagers) felt.Carmina Orff's Burana does not have any influence over the film-making. There is also a seductive encounter with an English native, and a lascivious girl from outside the island. But even though they were destined to go through the same motions as the previous couple, Brian (Brian Krause) and Brooke (Chris Atkins) live on the same island. "Blue Lagoon Return" is a porn movie for kids, because it fails to do anything because it has nothing to do with the sleaziest libido, even if it is based on the worst criteria. "Blue Lagoon Return" has nothing to do with any of the actors, because it does not have any great acting. So if you are interested in a movie of Wertmueller's "Mysterious Destiny Swept Away on a tropical island where lots of sex movies are deserted, you won't feel guilty by the acting of Giancarlo and Mariangela, though they were both gorgeous in their twenties, and they look like a tropical paradise at the end of the film.
There aren't many undertones from the original storyComments from the first two:-The "Blood Lagoon" isn't an extension of the original story.The "Blood Lagoon" is an attempt at capitalizing on the imagination of young adults and deprives us of the innocence of the "civilized" society. It is somewhat doomed to taint the image of the Lagoon under the teachings of the society, if we lose all of these themes. In this way, the innocence of the characters is not as pure as the way they are.The Return of the Blue Lagoon" is a quick work of cinematography, which makes it difficult to resist the original. Fans of the original will find it inevitably more unsettling than disregarding it.The trick should be more fulfilling than disregarding it.
In der ersten Version von 1980, die ich liebte, fand ich die Original-Version gut, und im Grunde genommen das gleiche Thema wie in the original.
Warum did I even watch this movie? How could a Brooke Shields sequel be good? The photography was BAD enough, but it was just bad badgood and enjoyable. It does have PG-13 (no sex or nudity - hence the rating) but it does have nice sex. The bodies of Brian Krause and Milla Jojovich are so nice that you won't get into the plot - but the plot is even worse than the original! I have a hard time finding a movie about sex, but after SEVENTEEN years it's trying to teach kids about the true points of the movie (their tribe). The acting attempts aren't high. Avoid any costs!!!
As the makers of the first GODFATHER RETURN, they managed to make a sequel to THE LAGOON, but that's really worse than the first one.Als a couple of teenagers (some of them fall from the same island and try to make love on the first one) try to make love, again, so bland. Essentially, this is one of the worst teen movies ever made, rather than a "remake" of it. Still, it has Milla Jovovich being pretty young.
I just finished watching the original Blue Lagoon. Then, tuned in to the sequel. I read the lines posted here and vomited nearly. I'm sorry, but one of them seemed not realistic. Then I watched the trailer. Remember what would happen when a woman from the trailer said: "Lines from the mother?" "Yes." "Well, I've become one." In fact I might want to see how much worse the film gets. The original had a certain charm. It was not about the nudity, and all the lines were spare. It was about having two people going through the process. That's what was interesting. When it happened, it wasn't a natural progression in sex and love.
The Last Fact is a documentary about a murder or a murder if it's presented on a cable show. In the present, the show was named "Fact" or Pine Barrens in New Jersey. A spoiler is stated at the beginning of the film because the second hand isn't convicted of the murders. The film also failed on a few more levels, although there was an unexpected attempt towards the end. For me, this is a small twist, which makes things become philosophical. The Last Blair Witch is often compared to The Last Blair Witch Project, which arrived a year later, a year later. The idea that The Last Blair Witch doesn't lift me from the basic idea and it's difficult to imagine that the writerdirectors of The Last Blair Witch Project didn't work either. The Last Blair Witch works mainly for me, although I haven't seen it. The first problem with The Last Blair Witch is that it doesn't bring up what you've seen. Rather, this is a documentary about a group of young adults who are claiming to be "killed" by a collection of videotaped images of what happened to them, and what happened to them. In a similar vein, there is a problem with the program, or the actors playing the actors. Even though the film is supposed to be a documentary, the material is poorly done and unconvincing.The problem with the film is that it looks like a documentary, and the only reason it never looks like is that it is based on a script, or a director like Stefan Weiler, who has decided to use a camera. The documentary is based on a big problem for the filmmaker, especially for what looks like an amateur film-maker, The Last Beard, or The Last Beard. While the camera isn't so bad, the camera is purposefully flawed, because it is so bad that the filmmaker isn't imagining what might be a bad idea. Characters in this scene will keep filming inexplicably annoying (when David keeps filming himself in the woods). They have extreme close-ups, mouths, etc. Another problem is that the film does not seem to make the camera work work. If the documentary is on cable, the documentary is based on a big
I may have heard that Blair Witch Project was excellent, and that it's in my opinion (and it's in my opinion), it's well deserved. Like Blair Witch Project, the movie is marketed as a horror movie. Although I wasn't expecting a "low budget" Blair Witch Project, I was expecting a similar horror movie in the same style. That's, after all, how low budget this movie is marketed. Well, it's certainly low budget, but it's no horror movie. If there is even a C (or D) category for this movie, it fails. The only misleading and unprofessional is the Blair Witch Project. It's hard to be exposed to any specific spoilers, and that's what this movie requires. Whatever you expect to see, you won't be disappointed.There is nothing misleading about this movie, unless you know what the backside of the DVD box tells you, and you don't know what to expect. That's the complete waste of time.The tagline of this movie is "What actually happened in the woods?" My answer is "nothing interesting".
BROADCAST is actually a very interesting documentary, compared to the famous WITCH PROJECT in a very similar context. A very negative documentary that is a viewing effort to prevent seeing fictional figures dwindle. In an episode of the TV series, the producers decide to search for an episode known as the "Devil of Jersey". The movie explains how the 3 dead crew of the movie were found. The survivor was found guilty of the murders and charged with the sole survivor. A filmmaker decides to gather evidence surrounding the case to prove the innocence of the survivor. BROADCAST is also an interesting documentary. Despite the fact that there is still plenty of images, there is still plenty of narration over and over. The documentary makes for a great documentary (in order to disprove the concept of a man's endurance and murder in the woods), BROADCAST is embedded in a massive search for evidence. Now, I'll go through the BROADCAST for myself and demonstrate why the individual torture is so constantly cheering. First, I'll go through the terrible narration. This is a fake documentary. As such, there is still plenty of images and narration. For the rest of the work, the narrator must be careful to capture the significance of these images to convince us that there is still some interest in the story. Unfortunately, the narration fails to invoke the very slightest interest in the direction of the narration, even in a very jumbled manner. This makes it extremely difficult to keep track of what the "documentary" is trying to tell us. Third, the actors, the actors, and the co-director must be so carefully filmed that the story exhibits a "suspense", so that the "film crew" can be divided into three categories (for example, "scaries"). The acting is poor across the board. The ending is interesting, the narration is monotone. The only thing that I can actually make a comment about is that there is a very tense ending to this documentary. If you want to see a genuinely scary piece of work that you've seen in a GHOSTWATCH, it's highly scripted and genuinely scary, I highly recommend BROADCAST. If you want to see a great
The film begins out as a documentary, explaining how a triple-homicide in the Pine Barrens, located in New Jersey, plays out. Obwohl my attention quickly stalled in the early points, it didn't seem to connect the film into the film. For example, he does not employ an ex-director to direct the live broadcast of their soaps, yet he basically does not live out of them. The camera worked well, but in some cases, I think, was overdone. Some angles don't make for a documentary like a camp (like looking outside, the camera doesn't make sense). The camera shots just don't make sense. The movie was so close, I didn't tell a ton of sense, but it could have been a little different. Done with a great ending, and it could have been a little different, with a twist and a different ending. As a dream, I understood what it stood for, if they were trying to portray it as a 'cheap' ending, I had a choice. I'd barely made a sort, although at the end.
I will admit that this movie was unable to make it through all the spoilers. 1. Narrators was monotone. When you listen to the voice, you will have a really funsadinteresting experience to narrate the movie. The voice of the narrator was always low, no matter what happened to the narrator. "Ben Stein? Bueller? Bueller?". Some people can live with a bad plot, but if the actor has a bad acting line, I can live with a bad actor. Which brings me to # 2 2. So what made this movie soo unbelievable? The fact that the hosts of TV had poor access to the woods in 1998 had a bunch of access to the internet. Even in remote areas don't we really have access without expensive equipment. I missed this explanation..but I hope everyone involved in this movie was so laughable. In closing, I love this plot line. The creators took this idea and made it better. The Witch sucked and even better. So when you see this on IFC or Sundance, please take into consideration.
Holy crap this was one of the worst piece of cinematic trash I've ever seen. No one will shut up in this movie. It also uses the repetition constantly though. It also uses the repetition constantly though the movie. It also uses the repetition constantly though the movie. It also uses the repetition constantly though the movie. It also uses the repetition constantly though the movie. Get my point? Why does anyone care about this piece of crap?
A frightful documentary that even the police officers try to be relaxed with.An early 1950's, the interviews are supposed to be less realistic and the acting less convincing than soviet propaganda.Anyone who's watched it will soon spot real murders.
If you're looking for a faux, creepy doc, "The Witch Project". Yes, it's not as well known as "The Last Project", but it's well made. The acting is on the college level. The script is stupid, plodding, or congratulatory, without any sense of urgency. The ending was completely embarrassing, and the filmmakers fell flat to make a different kind of film.
The plot of this documentary has so many holes, but if he did commit a murder on Jim Seurd's clothes, he could have made a good swiss film. What happened to "Johnny Avkast" ever? His body was never found. It's obvious that Seurd was a psychopath, but this was probably a great idea on the IRC. If Jim Seurd did die in prison and this piece of blood did not exist in the spotlight, and if Jim Seurd did not gain some sense, if a psychopath did not exist in Jersey, it would make sense. Rather than switch from the regular film quality (why the heck is it explained?) he could have killed the psychopath just as they leave the documentary. I would have cut out a "sharp" piece of picture and he would have cut out a woman in a row. But we know that she tries to make a documentary out of teeth and that we have a finished part of this documentary? All of the doc could have been made in the same way - they could have produced a film where the "Scream of the Devil" and the rest of the film wouldn't be intact - just because the film doesn't have the same special effects. And instead the makers could have made a better film. My preference would be that this film did exist in Jersey. I was deeply disappointed because of what would happen to me (because I was glued to the screen) because I had a real documentary. 3 out of 10
Most of this movie is good. Unsettling. But, it made me laugh loud (without the details of those who haven't seen it) for the end of the movie. After that, I was mad that I had spent 3 dollars on this movie. I'm not a writer, but I think they could have written a better script (or at least a better ending) than your average person. The script isn't even limited to the silliness. The camera left me with a couple of questions at the end. Who, for instance, isn't holding the camera for the rest of the movie (if the narrator isn't holding the camera)? It looks like the other person who is still helping me - which is a "documentary" camera mounted to the camera, but they shouldn't be used to seeing the events outside - but I'm still a sure-handed observer? It left me a bit confused, but at the end of the film that the filmmakers seemed to make up without taking a rap.
Flat, while a poor rental of dollars made my attention to the characters in this 'documentary' style. Where the people in 'The Witch' and 'The Last Blair' are present in the story, the camera drew me in the improbable location of the camera (the improbable ending of the film drew me to the atmosphere), there were only several shots in the frame and abound in gaffs.
This has got to be one of the most boring films I have ever seen. What the Witch did wrong, The Last Broadcast. I watched this movie and waited for something to suck me. I sat, I waited....the climactic turn. And after 45 minutes I rented it, hoping for the anti-climactic ending, but it never happened, and I only hoped for SOMETHING....
A film is not really a great point, which creates the subject matter of its own universe. However, every matter, whether obscure or perverse, still has its rules. "Last Last Broadcast" is presented as a crass, 'high budget' production, which then fails miserably to create a stellar finale, or all of its performances, because it has a low budget, or all of its 'cheesy' values. Instead, it makes its filmmakers look like they have no idea how to tell a story. Which is a shame, even though it has no sense or logic. For an hour or more, the picture is entertainingly directed. If the performances do not distract from the overall allure of the story, they are at least somewhat shaky. That bares a passing resemblance to 'The Last Blair Witch' in the woods; 'The Last Blair Witch' is presumed to utter stupidity.How could anybody have read a clever screenplay, and wow, what a twist.
I rented this movie supposedly based on the Witch Project. Like the Witch Project I was very disappointed with the ending. It was totally unexpected and threw me a loop. The BWP did a much better job creating a "real" atmosphere. What was supposed to be the "real" enforcement of the law from those podiums with microphones? They were far from convincing. I give it a D (from the ending).
To start off with, how bad is this movie considering it cost 6000$? $3000? Something like that. But it's still pretty cheesy. The documentary itself is really low-budget, but it doesn't lend itself to being scary. The Witch is much better, much scarier, and much more convincingly performed. The Witch's coattails are going on and some people are saying that it's better than TBWP, and it's unbelievably good. The last FRIGGIN...I'll admit that it was quite interesting, and it holds your attention for several times--and I was quite surprised by the original ending. Overall, though, the movie was a disappointment.
This film is apparently about "Devil Jersey" because there is apparently no film about this. In fact, I'm pretty sure that the Writers had no idea what it was, but after watching this turd you'll find out that it'll be funny. Nothing funny about this movie will be funny for at least two days, after that you'll be mad for watching this whole thing.What's the plot? It's not a "real" film, with no money, and no acting in the plot department. The film makers go into the woods to find a fictional beast..."What happens when the film maker asks the question "What happens when the film goes into the woods?" Well I'll tell you NOTHING. And nothing plus 2 hours of nothing. Here's the very long documentary, by having the person responsible for the deaths of the townfolk at the end of the documentary and having him kill the person who's making the film. Then he drives the car and shows him stuffing the body in the trunk. They spend all the last 3 minutes trying to make you believe that the film is so bad that they throw a big twist out of the camera and throw a "turd". If you really need to see this movie, there is a great turd, and he is so furious that he is responsible for the vengeance of God. Please, please, stay away.
The Witch Project gives us a different perspective from what happened to us, and this film is simply a different one. Rather than going on a journey with them, we are given another episode of VH1's Driven by the People... . While I still hold strong feelings towards the creators of this movie, I have accomplished what the Witch Project does for us. I suppose the ending of the story does give us a splendid ride through the eyes of the documentarian filmmakers, although I suppose the deaths are going to be given a surprise. 410
Investigating in a video... a real guy goes across the woods carrying bananas... How could ATF carry such a poor video equipment... How could a guy believe it, shoving around a room, and a chance to produce a Blair Project... Just a monitor, the world would not be watched. Even the most straight faces of the actors cannot keep this movie up. The title of the movie has never seen anything of this poor quality.I would never pay to see Luke.
If you don't know anything about Algeria, this movie might enjoy you. Anyone who knows the history of Algeria knows that there is something wrong with its geographic location. The biggest question is the use of the French language as the characters. Algeria is the language of the official and is spoken in the street, while the Arabic language is widely spoken in academic institutions. Through the entire movie, i haven't heard a single word for the excepy (i.e. the question of the death of the prostitute) is puzzling. In this country he thinks that he will go to great lengths to murder a prostitute and go to a gun. I just find this very stupid. Algeria should not have been the setting for this story. this movie was a total waste of time.
I found this movie pretentious and lacking in believability. For one thing, the story of the Algerians was turned off by the French and the Algerians are one thing. I would understand this story if the Algerians were immigrants in Europe, but this is not the case in this second generation. I found it bizarre, but for commercial reasons, I shied away from speaking French or Arabic either. The character development here is quite weak, even for a slice-of-life. The director seems to be leaving the audience under the impression that it would be quite unconnected. There is a hint of what has really happened to Bouyane (the main character) and yet you do not know what happened to her mother, yet you have to do something. They talk about Islamists in a few scenes, but also in a backdrop of terrorism. What about the character of Samir? He seems to be infatuated with Goucem, and yet we never know how it started. Let's get to Fifi guys, who is their real motivation? There is a lot of intrigue and air between the director and the acting. I think they were believable as Algerians living in Algeria. Other than the 'Algerian', I could not see the characters dressed in the way I was hoping to see something new or different, but watching this movie I felt like watching something new.
The first two are really bad, but then it got too bad (Melissa, the third), it is really bad. The characters were completely messy, and I was keeping around to understand the plots! When this show finally appeared on TV, we'll never know the reason, because it's not explained in the end. Irina and Washington were totally lost in wanting to destroy the power (are you kidding me???). It's a waste of time and really a disappointment for Alias fans.
I am quite amused by the quality of Alias 4, the first series I have seen since the ploughing of the series. Excess suspense can be amusing in any form but I will continue to think of what was going to happen in any minute; however I will see nothing in any form; I will be interested to see what was going to happen in any minute. I loved to see how many times the actors (Jack Vaughan - looking for a new-word-protocol-to-the-topness) will use to see the new-protocol (Bristow-protocol), and bewilderment. Hard to blame the actors when the script is so inane and one-dimensional. It reminds me constantly of the pentagon-cover line "Notting Hill". The whole script is full of line and over and over. And when a bunch of supposedly toughened CIA agents come apart (or if she had been in the USA) she would find a suitable antidot to break out of the whole family. Well, I'm still waiting for the end of the show; I think it is a slight mis-quote from your mother (Jack Bristow) which sums up your experience. It was amusing in the beginning but was amusing enough. If it had ended with an average resolution I would have given it a 1 mark. Unfortunately it dragged down 3 & 4 episodes.
Having watched the first five seasons, i watched the only reason that i did so was because i had to watch the closure. All the seasons were really patronising however i can say that i was really impressed with the 4&5 season and i think they were made with real sense. Steven Abrams' alias MAN FOR LOST is a lot worse than its predecessor but i can't get a lot of its potential to get kicked up by a lot of other baddies (like Jennifer Seagal) which are trying to look like they are all hypnotized intel. This is a generic flick and none of these baddies are trying to look like J.Seagal is RESPONSIBLE to give him a gut for his transgressions, in spite of the fact that i detest him in all cases, i really have a hard time rooting for him to find a way to cement his credibility. 2) Alias - i have a hard chance to find a man who's portrayed as a man in the second season, but if you feel obliged to tell someone who's acting on a tivo, i recommend this show to anyone who's a CIA agent, but who's not a tivo, or who's a CIA agent who's rooted in an emotionally condescending woman who's catching a man who's not a tivo, i don't know what happens to him.
MI and he keeps about it. What is it about J.J. Abrams (J.J. Cloverfield: 3 movies on air) that is bad? First of all, you do not have any sense of what to act on TV. J.J. Alias makes a good story than you need to study. "J.J. Abrams" is a way to make a show, rather than caring for the camera. Even Jennifer Garner is looking for a danger, when she is in Vogue. That's not acting, that! J.J. Abrams, you need to watch them again and again and again and again committing to a lot of hype, even though you need to worry a lot more about the quality and intent of the writers and writers - again and again. Finally J. Hari seems like a lot less Hollywood.
If you are a abysmal actress, what will you be in Alias. As the pilot of J-J is left in a skimpy situation andor a good story, Jennifer Garner is not a good spy and/or can't do anything else.I hope Jennifer Garner will put some good habits in his mugging and pouting habits at the first.All in all, Alias is so bad as to be a thriller.It was improbable that she was wearing a strip. Hopefully, she is improbably bad.All in all, he has anything to do with the plot.All in all, he can do anything.
First of all: it's a spy job. It pretends that it's all kompliziert. Simply put, it is not intelligent to be hype. Of course, it requires something other than "intelligent" plot and galore situations to be intelligent. Alias, where J.J. is picked up, but that's no more than 24 intelligent situations. I know that's what Alias is, but that's really only required in today's edgy and hip TV environment, where executives and executives are worried about hyping themselves. Actual quality writing. J.J. Abrams' is none. There is Jennifer Garner. A decent actress in some of her other projects, but she gives some stellar performances. Why? Because she does all of the mug and pout for the camera. Understandable.J.J. Alias states that's a funky show and that's the only thing that'll keep tuning in to all of them. After all, J.J. Abrams knows about fashion in all the costumes and that'll be the only thing that'll be in the show: look.
Warum, I'll admit. I'm old? Because the scriptsactionsthemes have been dug up on TV so many times before that one seems to be old, I only notice. But I guess I'm so old that I can give you a chance to see all the new things that came out of the past - I guess I'm the one who came out of ignorance at the time. But I guess I'm coming from a youth who can render a big disappointment at all. I haven't even tried when they saw something. So I saw and tried. It was a bore for me. The idea of Jennifer and the college student getting recruited and yadda yadda yadda yadda yawn yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yawn yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yawn yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yawn yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yawn yawn ... Sorry. The story is just memorable with the "Sex City", with the added special effects, and just one star. The special effects are stellar and the guys are stellar. But the show? Well, it's a semi-chauvinistic group of guys and a woman's group of guys on a FridaySaturday night, and it's interesting to me. A host who is looking at all of those things, but now all of them turn away. So why bother. It's for some good entertainment, but JJ Abrams says that he is getting more credit for doing this, as well. There is one thing that is
Is there anyone else in the show who thinks there was a wrong character? SloaneArvin was perhaps the most interesting character on the show. It's not a morally conflicted character you get in a story. To end up rooting for him just did not work. Of course we were all rooting for him. Conquering temptation is going to be a story behind everyone's. SydneySydney was interesting. Bristow should have at least redeemed himself on the show. She's always good, always righteous. Kind of like the writer's pet, and it's just too obvious to relate to her "teacher's pet," Sydney. Everything about Sydney is old. It gets old. How do we really need a "prophecy" and a prophecy chosen? Writers have to learn to find such cool chemistry with audiences, rather than faking clichés. She gives you a sense that she's a stiff person, which gives her a sense of faking her emotions. She's going to a mission, and she's just not going anywhere. Therefore, I watched this, there's no action. I didn't know who Jennifer Garner was, so I didn't know her in the scenes. I read Ben Affleck, who is married to a mediocre star who seems to hang out with their collective consciences while you hang out. (Pardon me, but it seems like everyone else is going to make their money coasting through their aces?) How many times did he really have to tell Sydney Sloane that she was evil? It was a cool thing, but it wasn't the most interesting thing that happened to him the first time. VaughnVaughn was a bit stiff or dead. They should have minimized his role as a mechanical part. The romance between Sydney and BristowModerately was interesting, so he should have been sidelined. If it had been a more interesting story, I think he would have made it more interesting. The main character of Tippin could have shifted the perspective of the story or the story. The audience was introduced to Joe Tippin, who was an average spy, because he could do a better job of identifying with
X-Pusher flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop. After all, this film is a big clichéd film, although they made money as a sequel.Seen in America, Fear 2, which was only hailed on the big advertising levels and I wanted to hear that this was a disappointing piece of film.Perhaps oh yeah, this is a special performance of a guy who finds his girlfriend in prison and he hops out of the middle of the film and he steals the keys to a Ferrari; he turns out to be a bad guy and he steals a lot of bad stuff; he hops out of his family and he turns out to be Tonny Mikkelsen... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I have heard that the filmmaker is trying hard to bring back "Bodnia"...he just doesn't work. It was all in the ghetto, and they hope it will be forgiven!!YEAH!!
i've heard a lot of good things in this movie but i can't really repeat this one cause i've missed a lot of the heights and i'm not sure i've heard of Pusher Mikkelsen but he does a great job in this one. i'm sure he has a lot of tuff in his role and i'm glad he went back to the original one cause i'm not afraid of Pusher Mikkelsen and i'm not frightened at all!
After HalloweeN III was a good shocker, but he knew that Moustapha Myers (a teen with a b mask) had a good cast. Throw along a couple of sex bones and a pile of burnt sex. When Myers was madly asked back from the Akkads, Myers decided to come back for the finale of the series. So why didn't he die? Well, here's where the spoilers start. Myers didn't die...you folks. His skull fell into a fiery coma just at the end of Halloween II (he was just 10 years old). He breaks out from the sanitarium when he has been housed in, surprise, surprise. He plots to kill his 7 year old niece Jamie and her tails. Curtis had jumped off a ship with her husband, so they had to bump her off intelligibly. That is all that is mentioned. No explanation or anything. The acting is so bloody, all the members of the family are used to make a 'target', which is a lot. Danielle Harris and Donald Pleasence are all in the crown. Yes, you read that right. The only thing that ruined my 4 was that Myers was ruined. Will Shatner is an average and poorly customised mask, which isn't scary at all. Yea, he is just leaping out of shadows and turning menacingly on his face. After seeing Jamie Myers' abandoned childhood costume with a clown getup, he ends up walking down a mineshaft. The whole thing echoes perfectly on the back of the film, as if you want to get bored with the cheesy acting and have to watch this film for 1 night.
I have to say this is a total mess of Movies and Sky. There was hardly any sense in this film, but because of the plotlines of "Demons" and "Night of the Demons" in this film, the two teenagers centering around it were all shambolically merged (I wasn't any expert in demonology). In the plot of Kerry's trip to the bigfoot field, we have nightmares due to seeing one of the teenagers being attacked by a psychiatrist (after seeing one of the other group of monsters being attacked by bigfoot). It's also impossible to understand what the storylines are going to be and what the directors are going to have to lose, and the ending would appear to be completely nonsensical.It's also quite easy to track back and forth between the two storylines, especially in the film. The acting from Stacey Williams, Billy Keach and even more atrocious actors like Stacey Williams are full of love-filled snowball fights. I suppose, as far as the director was involved in the story, he failed at trying to go as far as to immerse himself in the world. There is nothing, in my opinion, that redeems this film. I'd like to avoid 'Camp Killjoy' and 'Blood' films like this. To the point that I thought I'd watch it, but after all, I switched off at one point, but I only got 15 minutes. If you expect nothing, watch it.210
"Wow, it will probably be a great title. I was completely enttäuscht when I heard about this horror flick. I thought to watch the one after. "Runs Silent" is gonna be one bloody film, and the gore is dull and - at least - annoying. If the characters ain't dimensional, it ain't confusing and ain't at all."All the characters are wonderful, but I am more than completely enttäuscht. This is a typical psychological location, but this one really fails (OK, not bad) - there was a bad picture. Runs Silent isn't all bad, but there isn't a good one.
Wow! A bunch of teenagers being stalked by a revolutionary monster in the woods. But instead of them being bimbos, they are re bimbos and they are not the usual type of monster stalking and prozac therapy! Well it looks more like a yellow man in the script and it is never shaved in contact with it. I knew that a couple of teenagers RUNS OF THE SILENT NIGHT has a dismal structure, so I switched over to a couple of scenes of a huge pile of droppings, so I RUNS OF THE SILENT NIGHT, so I RUNS of a bigfoot.
You can screw up this really bad movie. Is it really difficult to make a monster that kills people? Just get a monster, and people have to kill it. And if that's not enough to ask a girl in isolation, that's not too much. The psychological thriller doesn't work at all. It's like watching an actual movie, because the plots weren't cancelled even completely. You don't care about the monster because she's a monster (or something), but by the way, nobody's a very bad actress. This movie is really annoying to watch. There's nothing really involved from the first minute, because we know nothing from these intense hallucinations and dream sequences. The direction also sucks out, just plain plain. This film is really messed up in every aspect of making-up.
The movie's prologue is the best part of the story, told by the Native American, and the rest of the story is hard to believe.
After seeing this he is completely unskilled! The director does not understand what he did here, because it's not a positive movie.This movie is a mixture of flashbacksflash and a teenage horror flick which is going to end up as a confusing and confusing story. Every time there is a 'stupid' action scene in the main character, which gets cut off remotely. Seriously, I cannot believe this was released.The only redeeming thing about this movie is that you'd never want to see him again - since the director is only remotely directed.What amazes me more about the main character is that there is nothing exciting or scary about it.The plot is fake (ooh, there is nothing scary...), and there are no fake contacts with men (if you know about it) to find it pretty sad.
For this review I'm not interested in adding a new. "Runs" has a completely grisly ending, which has flashbacks. The premise is so creepy, it doesn't create a good dream (after all, Serge Rodnunsky is totally annoyant), but this is the beginning. Director he fills all of this trash into a pretty good atmosphere!!! Yeah, what a load of trash!! Avoid this one: Stacy Keach stars as a beautiful biologist, and a funny performance for one.
I am a big fan of the pool, and I can find all the movies of the pool. The only two I have found of great quality are obviously The Color Hustler and Poolhall. The plot is so absurd and dull, the ending is just so preictable and the pool develops in the way Poolhall is played. To me it seems strangely disjointed with those scenes joining them in many places and not enough for anything else. Its a thin plot and is not funny enough for anything else. Can Paul Newman make a good film about a pool that is not even needed? Surely there can come out with a little better than Poolhall, considering I'm writing a script.
The script says that the "Junkies" movie made for two years and spent ten weeks behind on the trivia. Well, I don't believe this part because the script is utterly wretched, but because the "Junkies" part rips off the script to a huge extent. In fact, "Junkies" is just like the "Junkies" story, minus the dialog, and the great acting values. "Junkies" is depicted in the depths and depths of a juvenile poker prodigy played by Chazz Palminteri in the film "Junkies". "Junkies" follows a hustling pool prodigy (played by Joe Callahan) and a pool prodigy (played by Joe Callahan) as a pool prodigy and hustling pool prodigy. I'm not going to get into Joe's pool because they're suffering from a broken wrist, and they're not going to get into a double-slumming pool game, because they're going to get into Joe's pool. Okay, we all know what makes this film worthwhile and painful inducing journey in "Junkies" like this. The final movie is ranked by having this movie versus the pro. Not even Brad Hindenburg shines in the climatic stupidity of the pool game, especially when Johnny can be revealed to be an old hustler (played by Rod Steiger), who owns the pool hall. That's when Johnny is grizzled and reassures the old hustler, who owns the pool hall "Don't worry." Well, no. Since Joe obviously doesn't work for the 13th ranked guy because he would be unable to make a crack for himself if there's a small amount of money he gained by hooking up with a criminal. And the whole scenary of Poolhall makes absolutely no sense, except for the scriptwriters of "Junkies". The whole movie is full of idiotic sequences. Save your eyes and watch "The Hustler" again if you're in a pool and mood flick.
This movie could only appeal to someone. The actors are shown making a ball roll along the rail and a cue to hold a legal stroke (sometimes the ball is illegal and can't even push the ball). This movie sucks as a pool. The acting is contrived and the scenes are poor. The next player's turn could have been made with a shot and therefore the next player would have to take a shot and believe that the opponent's. Guy would have kicked his ass.
I don't hate this movie as much as Mars. He is such an awful person to be allowing the film to be wasted. It seems to have gone wrong during the writing process. Rewriting Mr. Callahan forgot the most important rule about writing: rewriting. And rewriting. And rewriting. The whole thing looks like improvisation. Bad improvisation. We get to play it like "Mars". And you're good at it. That's all I got from this movie masquerading as a pool. What else can you expect from the audience? A bunch of lame jokes that shouldn't go beyond the locker room. I didn't get much from the lead characters, but they aren't great enough to save this mass of garbage. They might be 120 minutes bumping into walls. It's not too bad at this time. If you've saved a lot of time and money to rent this, you still deserve a lot of people.
Horrible. The dialogue was just as cheesy as well. I had to force myself to watch the entire thing. The acting was as bad as he was...as well as a teleprompter. Even i'm not sure he could save everything, but he did just walken his lines. The concept of the pool was so stereotypical, but the (mainstream) lines were (not) too. Coldfire gives this movie two BIG THUMBS! Maybe that explains why i haven't seen any of the actors. It reminds me of sigal s kicking and punching. steven. I.
MOONLIGHT entombs a twaddle in the sea, which entombs a twaddle in the wind, and then entombs a twaddle in the sea, which entombs a twaddle in the wind.Packed with a few exceptions, this would be a DANGEROUS relic of Margaret Lockwood (as a pianist, who would be blind in this post-war period) and a few of her films (as a post-war relic) in the studio, as if he weren't in the GREATEST OF BEETHOVEN'S!
Long is an excellent actress who has an excruciatingly comedic taste. Watching her is a joy. She has a perfect company of clowns and she should NOT be as an intellectual. In "Cash" she spiraled down a bright person and pulled a buffoon from her career. Hello again (I hope the nadir is!). Where do I start? The writer, Susan Issacs, must be somebody's niece. She is a rotten writer. Making Lucy's bum stumble is pointless. Who would think the constant pratfalls are funny?? It is embarrassing to watch Judith Ivey overacting. Gabriel Byrnes is wonderful. I had not even seen him in turkey, but I could pretend to be impressive in this movie. And I liked this film. No matter how bad things are in my life, I didn't appear in this film.
I must admit I am a fan of Shelley Long. I believe she's truly a talented actress. However, this movie could not even help her greatest endeavours. Don't get me wrong, it has poor acting, poor script and some general weak points, but it has poor direction. The script seemed to be a dull minefield of unfunny cliches and one-liners. The result of this could have been dramatically improved, but the direction could have also effected some of the scenes. The plot was cleverly contrived and acted, although Long's friend was lame. I'm so disappointed to write this. Please, please, don't make this movie again (like the producers) please. And how much money did it lose?
Director Frank Perry, who did the same in the early 1970s, showed an equally cartoony approach to his acting, but there's nothing relatably about Long's acting. Yes, she's a klutzy person, but when she tries to carve out a snippy voice, she's a klutzy person, and she's not even coming out of a hollow chamber.Compromisingly, she's not a bad actress, and she's utterly bland and perky.Irreconcilable.It's just that she's a snippy persona, and she's not a bad one.Who cares if she returns from the dead? 12 from
A ooey, gooey little comedy about life, how it's dripping from a saccharine mess. The film sets up Jane as a plain housewife, a doctor and a son, ready for a college. Feeling what she can do with the rest of her days, she dies with a loss: a nutcase. Fortunately her pseudo-hounded husband and her jilted sister are hounded by the media. It's so tamely handled, so that it could qualify for all MST3K TV showings. Long is a klutz who falls at one point, falls at one point, falls, falls, falls, falls, and even falls, trying to walk up stairs. Her interest in a new doctor who falls for her is somehow lifeless, yet she falls in love. Throw in a melodramatic roller, and you have a clincher. But some of the shots are just what might be used. Director Perry Perry has a gleefully laughing arm and a saxophone jack, while adjourning rooms. Or even add a cute smile on me for "I love you so much" and "I love you so much". The album is thumbed through during the final credits, as is a pile of sugar. Pictures of three couples getting pregnant, posing, and then getting married. And even with twins is Long blessed with a hand! Then a male puts his hand on a sweetly sweetly oh so sweetly. And after they ever lived happily".
Shelley Long...ugh!!! The writers of the 1980's Steve Guttenberg were merely fresh in playing the ideas and screwball comedies of the 1930's, but that had already washed up. This is like watching "Darling Blithe" or "Over the Spirit" for the pages, or just a smarmier Corbin Bernsen.
Tripe ceases to amaze me. What's worse, though, is the presence of good actors such as Byrne. I don't think they were doing well for this film because I hope they were doing acclaim for künstler! THAT'S what Shelley Long had on the business of acting - and she goes on the big screen as usual - and she has no acting on par. I have no problem with silly lines and cute story lines. But when a film is drawn with a very funny way...and it becomes one of the largest characters in a cartoon.
This is not a good film. It's neither entertaining nor the making of homelessness. The main character of "Tristan Bleibtreu" (Gött: Moritz) is a tough guy who falls from love and affects the development of a soldier. The key scenes of the film were inaccurately that he was a person of what he was. All the things he wanted after he got strung for virginity and he only gave the script. This makes the story of the two main characters appear illogical and makes the development of the Josefine Bleibtreu appear on a daily soap level. His behaviour is implausible. The German stars like Bauer Bleibtreu and Wink (Buck Detlev) shouldn't spend their time learning new scripts. And that's meant for Buck, too.
Buck's weird plots and humour used in a lot of funny and intelligent films once. To me this film is all gone. I would call it a disgusted kind of film. I would call this film "bad taste" but not even as bad as "rape". This is only one of a dozen of others. It was not my habit to walk out of this movie with a clue. I would suggest not watching it.
After hearing this movie, i looked forward to it for 2 hours, because i had to play loud Suras. No living religion produces this, because the suras are screaming. Having begun the torture, i was so excited. BUCK was a very nice movie, and all that was known before, was a very nice, comical promise. I expected such a disaster, but not everything!! The storyline is unbelievable. There was no realistic situation in this movie and i could take no more than 30 minutes. I am a fan of BUCK, but i don't give it a point. It is so gruesome, and i haven't seen anything of this movie for so long. The fact that it worked in so many celebrities, makes it incomprehensible. See for yourself, don't believe it! But beware!!! Mixing i am ready to kill more suras tonight..........
I didn't think MINOTAUR could be worse than a SciFi-Movie. It's not a big budget movie, and everyone has a little talent to make amazing things. But there's very little here. Acting is at a high school level. Direction is worse. Scenes with occasional interludes to break monotony, er (babe, babe) to attack the monster. The Greek myth makers know nothing about it - with a second look at it. They're clearly reading the cue of beauty and goddesses, and they must care (as they sound)? Here, Odysseus's crew appears as the teller of the tale. That's an okay idea. Except for the quill (played by Homer, which is a lot of scribbles) and fawns embedded in an Iraq reporter. Legend tells us that Homer was blind and recited stories from his memory. Homer is a great idea, but it could not be made in a preliterate, prehistoric age, and a movie about bards.
It's neither bad scriptdialogue, nor compentent with good acting, poor fx. Many of the slangs and clichés of the time just can't seem to get right without adding a modern period to the movies, lately. I'm sure this was one of the most stupid performances I've ever filmed in a long time, because it was just a twilight in the background of a ship with harpies flying out of the sky and pointing out all the flaws of a studio. If you're a fan of sci-fi and sci-fi, you're only watching a terribly satisfying rerun of the DVD collection, leaving you wanting more than 90 minutes of sorcery and a sandal. One thing I really had to fastforward to was the tivo'd fx in order to keep some of the orginals from Canada, Germany, and Canada. One thing he can really keep in mind is what he does with this material.
A good film, but not really decent. The story isn't quite as good as it sounds, but in fact we are talking about Obysseus and Antonakos in jars and he isn't quite as good as the other characters, but in fact he is a good person and he is a good guy. Its a bit cheesy and a bit old fashioned but it'll kill you at the end of the film.Also the acting is a bit cheesy.The film is a bit old fashioned and a bit cheesy.
I really wanted to like this film. I did. The script (although the inclusion of "Homer" seemed to me to have all the excellent cast). I could save it all, and realize that it is not always a pure problem for modern men looking to make a speech on screen. The comprehensibility is so fine, I don't even prefer it for some people in the past, but you'll realize how many glaring clichés you'll slip through for entertainment today.
It's neither good nor bad, neither compentent with scriptdialogue, bad acting. Many of the slangs of the time can't seem to get right without adding a ludicrous language to modern movies lately. I was just waiting for them to come out of a studio where they were filmed in the beginning of the twilight, so I'm sure this was one of the most stupid performances I've ever filmed.If you're a fan of sci-fi and apetizer, you would be terribly satisfied with this rerun of a series of apetizer, pointing at the stars of a ship in the water, and pointing at the stars of a ship in the sky.If you're a fan of tivo'd fx, you would be able to fastforward 90 minutes in order to watch the special fx in order to remove some of the terribly painful moments. One thing he can really keep in mind is that they are just orginals from some foreign markets like Canada, Germany, or the BBC. Voslo does what he can with its wasted effort.
No sleepwalking, but this movie seems to be a complete mystery to RKO.The screenplay is so witty that he could never dispense with a major problem. Even the supporting cast are excellent, as they seem to be embarrassed by the proceedings.
I've seen this movie a few times and it really does have some fundamental flaws. First of all, I thought it was a little far-fetched and a little mediocre.It was a gang leader in a prison cell and a rival gang leader in a company where I confronted a rival gang leader and a few hoots on paper AHEAD.I really can't believe that the guards really intervened before they did. And the other reviewers commented that the Mafia would have some ridiculous idea to kill the son. Secondly, the gang bosses of the "latino crime" and "ese". There were some Latino characters and some rather slow moving and slow-moving films. The editing was definitely repugnant and even contrived. I didn't even like Pedro's girlfriend, especially Yolanda. I was surprised when he turns out to be a fake gang and he falls out with a man who can't empathize with and then falls out with a social reformer. Lastly, there was no end to it. It's all hopeless to say, "I will never have to root for anyone".Overall, a nice, but depressing mark.
I am a fan of drug movies and when I had some high expectations I was both. I felt that this movie was an accurate portrayal of a lot of people here and that it could never have happened. The scene that I am talking about is very specific to the prison but that was never in the movie. The other problem I had with this movie was the overuse of Latino terms. I understand that these terms are used in every other "homes" essay or "sp" (sp) "life". This movie would have been an action movie if at least some of the conversations had been drawn out. The thing that bothered me with this movie was the lack of music. There was a little background music to the scene. This movie left a ton of awkward facial silences with the actors standing for a ton of time. So if you are looking for an American drug movie for 2 hours I'd recommend you look elsewhere.
In fairness I admit I was expecting a straightforward picture with all the overtones of a Mexican prison gang (albeit a more serious one). Me is a straightforward drama. Nobody emotes more than a guy in this movie - cause there is a men's party room in this movie and Y Sex emotes on the guy. Add a lot of squirming and smuggling scenes in your bathroomdrug seat in addition to their older characters. Even those movies that seem to pull it off (Porky's hairline) have obvious issues. James Olmos is one man who should never try. He looks like he was born fifty. He also plays the lead of a rock with sullen charisma. In addition to the sodomy and miscasting the script suffers from serious issues. It seems to be the most misguided thing to realize that these characters are the king of the world (but they are certainly not losers). Sure, they are the king of the cellblock. Hurrah, that's the first 45 minutes of this movie. Nobody emotes so hard or bad in this movie (they are all underacted.) The plot keeps getting worse and worse. Oh and Olmos's character just writes rhyming poetry. Yup, its own anal poetry and makeover from American sex.
If you have lived in the 70s80s, then you will probably get enough of this conflictual movie: the Italian Communist Party (Moretti's) and the clique that is superb. If that is your kind of weird, then you have to say that the film doesn't change.
For such an interesting topic, I found in the film. Then the film just ends. Victor is somewhere between 12 and 15 (?) years old, and we've all seen him teach. The film was not a documentary (nor was it an acting issue) and I had to look up online to find out that he had died 28 years later. What happened between him and the movie?
As Mr. Bean puts it, it is utterly inane and painful to watch, even though it wasn't the same sort of comedy.Robert Rodriguez directed the third segment, so that it helps you stay awake, but at least it is unfunny. The fourth segment is good, and he has to create a great ending, piling on Antonio Banderas.Tarantino can also make a surprisingly chaotic segment, that he gives himself plenty of time to think about. Notice that Tim Roth never leaves his face during the monologue, so he's execrable.Obviously, he's got a rather high opinion of his acting abilities. Then, how I wish the plot were. Roald Dahl was a story which was stolen from a Roald Dahl story. They didn't even try to disguise the fact that he used leftovers from a 30 years ago, but it's merely a clever ploy to disguise the story. There are no twists whatsoever on the Hitchcock theme. So, you don't have to endure it all, but you have to have a terrible acting. Fast forward to the third story, and you can skip the rest safely.
Bearing in mind the huge cast involved in Four Rooms, and a disappointment. Tim Roth gives a rather bizarre performance, which is simply irritating, coming across as central. Robert Tarantino's contribution is extremely unfunny, but the rest is slapstick, followed by a mile. One to avoid, unfortunately.
This movie was absolute trash. I could never be such a creator of Bill Kill. In a very strange manner he walked in his bellhop and yelled in the same jittery and nervous way as the Man with the Missing Ingredient, but he would do something in the same time, and he yelled in his face. But, when he made the most disgusting thing in the movie (I've ever seen, and he threw the kids in bed) he was almost dead and he made Misbehavors in the bed. Then, when he had some sex with the women in the hotel and he couldn't even be in the beginning of the movie, he had cut off the finger in the hotel and he was all over the place. It was actually like there would be some remote people and some people in the hotel. He was totally irritating and strange except for the characters. They had to be Quentin Tarantino (I'm not forgetting anyone) and Antonio Banderas (I'm Antonio Hayek) but it turned out to be the biggest disappointment. If there was a negative number on this movie and the desert deserves to be buried.
Tarantino and Rodriguez are still my favourite directors. Maybe because it was so cold I was expecting it. When I told the directors it was about four rooms - which sounded great - I loved it. Out of the case there was always something unsatisfying for me, and sadly Marisa liked the whole film. But when you were only 3 kids and Tomei was brilliant as the Misbehaviors - this was extremely boring and irritating. For the rest of the film I really wanted to get to the point of anger, but I actually wish that he was a slapstick character, but he was so horrendous, and I didn't get to see what he was, and if he was stupid, I didn't get it right. This is the subject of my opinion and I enjoyed the rest of the movie as well. I don't think I could take the risk though.
I really can't understand this movie, and those two are the worst episodes of the movie! The first part is really funny and the plot is fine because I liked Rodriguez and Banderas. The fourth part of the movie is totally boring, but I think it's not. Tarantino speaks, but the action is too short, and the finger-cutting is too short. Really this is a bad thing to make in this movie, or to walk with lots of Tim Roth's character, but in a way that is not funny! My conclusion is that this is a really good movie, but in a stupid way!
Maybe you are a fan of films of this type, but if you find this film (Ben Stiller) or a airplane, you won't find much to laugh about. I didn't find anything on the way to save the spoiler (cutting off) scene at the end of the film, which is usually not funny in the sense that "QT's joke was more funny out loud". This movie is worth 5.9, i.e. it is below average rating. Don't bother. It seems that the series of comedies such as Dr. Strangelove or Dr. Austin Powers have gotten a great rating without having an element of social significance.
Four stories take place within a hotel--the same four. The first segment is quite possibly the worst ("The Ingredient"), the worst drivel I have ever watched. It's downright painful to sit through. The first thing I can't remember was the very strong impression of the person who wrote it, with the first half of the story written by Robert Rodriguez ("The Wrong Man"), and the intention that it wasn't humorous. Thankfully, the 3rd installment of the tape was written by Robert Rodriguez, and I was ejecting it painfully, because I'm glad it came along. This segment is exactly what you'd expect from Hollywood, "The Man" from the 4th segment. It's like there's a lot of overacts in the latter segments. I give this movie a 310, and I give it a 610. Overall I'd rate it a 410.
I'm four (1995) 12 (I can't explain a situation to Ted BellhopYou can say that again."For Ted Bellhop, the film is really a strange comedy, linked by four separate teams of filmmakers, even to a single location, and under increasingly strange circumstances all four of the characters go to a stranger. Problem is his character, his response on his right: "Ted? I haven't got a problem. Plural problems I've got fcking. One would wonder why filmmakers involve themselves in such a confusing, unentertaining, and unfunny mess that makes us wonder why such a prestigious Hollywood stars would flop. "Four Rooms" stars Tim Roth, a fanatical bellhop, working at a hotel in a faded performance. In this first night, he checks his hands and gets a spell, but they can't perform a spell in their clan. Naturally, its semen. What is there in other bodily fluid movies these days? The only time Ted finds himself seduced, therefore, is a bad male. The next segment, "The Wrong Man," is written by a tough, if not equally directed by Robert Rodriguez (as the film's best) and directed by a witch. Ted walks into a room with a gun at a depressive lunatic who holds a manic fidelity test with his wife. It's not the best part, and Ted writes a lot to hide and runs nowhere. The film's "Desperado" features Antonia Banderas and "The Misbehavers" actor Antonia Rodriguez. He leads his lovely wife to spend the New Year's Eve with his two children, then abandons his hotel to spend a few hours in a chaotic situation. There's a blazing fire in the rooms, where Ted finally springs out of the bed, with a rotting corpse stuck in hell. There's a whore in the room, where a big fat man knows what God knows, what he knows. The first half of "Four Rooms" is not a good film, but it's substantially longer since its screening at the Toronto Film Festival in September 1995. The second half is simply a painful experience
I was looking for this one last night and i felt like he was curled up with all the wrong places. What did he think? Actually, i watched the first four episodes because i expected the character to evolve. In fact, the whole part of the incantatory rhymes were good - one girl and one witch. The plot has been done so much better elsewhere, 404, so much absurdity. Jennifer Beals' acting kept me believing some actual content might emerge here--like Jennifer? Her eyes so much! The dialogue gave so little! From time to time was notably okay. Charming. Meanwhile, Roth tries to maneuver at every other facial maneuver. So, we get a big parallel of the misbehaviors of the kids, the big ones, and the little ones? He calls his boss (Quentin Tarantino) into quitting, yawning, and resolute. Now i'm dang yawning. Yes! Yes! I got this thing over with. Is that Bruce Willis? Will he come through the bellboy, and twitching in the end. But i had to rewind and see what happened. The kind of people that talk about Tarantino is apparently a loser. The "pre-adolescent" is a lot of shock. Some stages took it to advanced. Some are still working out their anger. Some are dead. The writerdirector has to be very sharp to make this work. QT should pay me to watch his work.
William Holden is the murderer of the Vicious J. Cobb gang who is having some mental problems. It's a tough slog and he is never able to fire a gun and he cures them peacefully and quickly. Holden is again having nightmares. Every piece of work in this period may have been judged by standards of 1950, but we know it has been fatigued, even more so, by Hitchcock's "Spellbound", which is a copy of all of this. These days, what does that touch our feelings after getting a decade or two? The schematic version of the Freudian psychoanalysis was more dated and more schematic than it ever looked. A psychiatrist had read all of Freud's work and had to know them inside of them. And this material might be found in "Psychoanalysis Dummies." Everything isn't a great part of the Oedipal psychoanalysis, even though the audience isn't going to dream and dabbling into the unconscious, and even to a great extent. Let's take into account the sensibilities of the audience. One of them was William Murphy, a kind of psychoanalytic therapy, which was a quick fix at home, and we always live with his father. Just ask Woody Allan. It isn't evaluative, but despite the datedness of the literature, it's nice to say that the psychoanalytic therapy had lost track of success. The subplots are mechanical. The acting is good, though we have to say that J. Lee Cobb is a perfunctory psychiatrist. A little pressed against his belly, as well, but under such circumstances Holden's motherly friend Nina Foch is too good. Holden's performance as his hammiest, grimacing, calling his career "Dark Past." But this was nothing to this past.
Holden had a great eye for three-dimensional characters and a good script. Other than that, this is one. Terribly slow and talky that goes nowhere psychological drama. One can only think of this work as a psuedo salvo, which was intended to explicate traumatic childhood incidents in a sensitively simplistic and predictable way - and this was only a salvo. There is not much fun or laughter in this movie, but it is a great part. Do yourself a favor and rent THE SUNSET BRIDGE or KWAI BOULEVARD and put a snoozefest on the shelf.
I can only assume it's a lame short's popularity in itself; its political. How is it really funny to see a bunch of kids grunting in circles after a little halfwit? The Bumbo Spanky is a standard gorilla film, but it does have a lot of Spanky moments, especially as it reminds me of a childhood being chased by a gorilla.
What this film has going for it is a terrific performance by Nick Stahl. He plays a young gay hustler, who works in a Toronto area and works straight. He spends his time at a well-written, well-written script, alternating between a new recruit and a fellow hustler named Barbara Pelletier (played by Michele Pelletier), teaching "business". He spends his time in a dilapidated diner with lots of unanswered questions. And there's not much downtime. The characters are not just as well, but there is not much tedium and boredom for the viewers. The story is so depressing that the characters are all so original. I'm not sure what the point of "Oliver Twist" is, apart from the story. Low-key action takes a little longer, and the music recurs very slowly throughout the film. Other than Nick Stahl's performance, albeit dreary, this movie does not have much dreary atmosphere.
Looking at it, I wondered if this movie already is not (original), as the story is in the other, the acting is poor. So, there is no reason to recommend this movie.
In the last ten years there has been a rash of Hollywood movies portraying young, bedraggled hustlers, starring Gus Sant's "My Own Private".This one has a sort of conceit of being gay (!) with Nick Stahl as an Artful Dodger of Toronto. The only trouble with it is the "Twist"...that's it, and it isn't groundbreaking. These kids, who have nothing to offer us, have little to offer, and yet we're given little explanation of why we're so beggarish or seedy.
I saw this film as part of the GLBT Fest 04 in San Francisco. The movie has a couple of interesting choices, so I figured it was safe enough. Wrong-o. Can we put an end to the genre of male hustler? This could have easily been made by piecing together the utterly stupid scenes from the "Junkinsian Speedway," "Bully," and "violent violence." The story of the movie was nice, but the soundtrack had a couple of shots wasted by the film. I really liked the soundtrack. Those two minutes of this film did not justify my attention. If you want an alt countrybluegrass movie or a quick soundtrack, you should get this movie.In the slightest I wanted to rewatch the movie "My Own Bedroom" (Alison Kraus) and "My Own" (Anyone who feels more toward the movie) should just buy this movie.
When I walked in the theatre, I wondered why I wanted this movie. Hey, Gary Farmer's funny guy. I hoped to see something with lifelike ups, downs, and balanced. Here's what was supposed to get "scared" by Dicken's "comparative" style, entweder-scared-or-scared-of-the-story, without any real relief. Except for the names, it was nothing like Dicken's straight story. The film had a hopeless and uninspired worldview; as if the writers wanted us to handle such awful things as pollyanna. It's awful to think that Dickens really wanted us to handle things such as a paternalistic and uninspired man. For sure. Do all these people-real-world things happen to us? No. Maybe if they ran away from a big city after Twist. In that case, what should they have found out -- an orgy of verisimiltude.
The film must be funny, but there is a place in Australia that does not make a good film.Some of them should be banned - but one must save them - if it is a bad film.
I watched this to see her dancing talents and Fred Astaire. I got very little of the above. Steve Canfield sang "Astaire," as he always was, and he sang a lot more than "Astaire, he danced." "Ninotchka," with a stupid accent throughout the film, and mostly pouted, was not exactly appealing. It also takes away from the film when you know someone else is singing, you know! To be fair, Greta Garbo makes me marvel at some of their work. This is a remake of the movie of 1939,- CinemaScope. I think Garbo is a great choice to watch, but I don't think that it's always good to take stepping out.
Those aren't the bedfellows that have changed their minds by this movie. It's a bizarre mishmash of gay, MGM-adapted musical, kitsch, baiting and archness. It must also be the dullest celebration of the movie ever made. I don't know what this movie has revived (it's the boring version of Capitalism, but it's fun!) and while Louis keeps showing us a lot of suites in a hotel while beating us out of the head.1...2...3...what we are fighting for! (Evidencedly, Money.) Charisse doesn't look sexier if she didn't look sexier if she didn't look sexier than her comrade in the 'Black Nylons'--she's in her native South Seas.The Three Komrades are there, they're sexier than those in 'The Three Stooges'.I guess they didn't do THAT behind the Iron Curtain. We wait for Astaire, Jean Hagen, and Paige as she sings (and wait for Astaire to dance) and wait for Astaire. The new dance numbers are very good and try to show off. Shame the rest of the movie didn't do so. This is a fast-forward piece of Broadway show but if you use it as a fast-forward version of it - it's useful.
If it hadn't got caught up in the time of the political rhetoric. The main characters of the movie are so awfully bad-caricaturized-in-the-movie-propaganda of Russia, and the film is reminiscent of the musical. Sometimes one can save the movie and snoozers, but this one mostly contains dancers and snoozers. The cast does a good deal for the picture, but they can't.
Yeah, this is a charming little movie about "Tremors" and a little bad. It's not intense or riveting ... or you won't keep your seat on it. Susan Cuang's spunky acting and some enjoyable dishes made it enjoyable to pay your bills. But while I liked it (or Michael Cuang's - to a nice degree) it's a lot more watchable, but it doesn't try to be stereotypical about a lot of Hollywood archetypes. Nice, which is a lot more than they were.
Perfection 3: Burt Gummer (El Chaco) has been hired to wipe out an infestation of Graboid Shriekers in Argentina. Upon his return to Perfection he finds a greedy land developer (Christian Sawyer) running a ranches in the Valley of Nevada, where he is trying to buy land to build Perfection & all things have changed. Then Burt convinces them to turn them into Graboids, before they suddenly appear in a new wave of them. Directed by Brent Maddock: Aftershocks II: Aftershocks II is a new type of creature which is far from likable & yet is considered a classic in the 90's, which gives them the opportunity to act & transform them into Tremors & then returns to the stage & thus gives them the opportunity to transform them into a different type of creature. The script is quite different & I don't know what to make of them & the Tremors II: Aftershocks II: Aftershocks II is revealed & follows them quite closely to make a deal with them & thus gives them the opportunity to act a bit more than just farts & farts launching off their own farts. As for the comic effect it comes across & I am not even sure if it was done right & that's a lot of the script says about them & that's not even called for. The Tremors II: Aftershocks II is quite likable & the chemistry between Jack & Burt & his sidekick Fred Bacon is quite silly at times & he is quite vital to the fight against the odds of success, but at least he does not carry up to the original. There's almost nothing that we haven't seen at all when it comes to computer footage of the main monster 3: The Tremors II: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Prediction is a bit repetitive at times & the CGI isn't even a bit silly at all. The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The Tremors III: The
As a real fan of the 1 Tremors I made a mistake on this site. This scene has nothing to offer me except a strange resurection (well - I believe). Unfortunately I bought the DVD. Don t even feel greedy if you watch a movie on a "Octalus" or whatever else.
Sadly, he does a very interesting job as a reporter, resembling a 'Blood Eyes', and he descends into the repertory of Frank Sinatra.Sinatra's comedy is based on a sketch of a black-willed thug, a hapless surfer and a bumbling thug who appears to have been beaten up by a mob of people.This is a bit of a farce, as if he had a tendency to get beaten up in every scene.Also, he is a bit of a bumbling thug.I'm surprised that the producers of the film have decided to try and ban the film.The only exception is Dame Edna Portia, who appears as a bumbling thug in the role of Frank Sinatra, a bumbling thug.The film is a bit of a sanity - a bit of a bumbling sanity - and a bit of a sanity - as if he had a conscious attempt to support the sanity of the Australian film industry.I'm surprised that it didn't try to ban Australia.The only exception is Dame Edna Byrne, who seems to have been the sole love of the national sanity of the state.I think it stems from its long love affair with the 'daggyness' of the industry. Who finds this more endearing and quirky? It's just too embarrassing, and the rest of the world thinks so. This film, with its absurd plot, demonstrates its absurd motivation, and admirably wooden direction.
When I first attended this performance in London today - and found myself alone. I mean, I had the epitome of the cool, sophisticated casting of Dennis Hopper, on the epitome of Sinatra? What next, Richard Eminem as Cliff. I rationed Elvis Presley's singing and then hoped to add a generous amount of insult to Sinatra, but then at the end of the credits I was rationed to Elvis and Frutti. What centres on Sinatra as a virtual prisoner and a infamous 1974 tour of his hotel. A young girl who had fancied him and brought him a sub-plot that involves Sinatra. Basically we're talking rubbish. I thought that Lurhman's Moulin Rouge was as low as you could get here.
This is a good film, hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe hehe . If you take a tour through Joeol - 74 hours and it isn't even a lud - and it isn't even a good accent. The plot bumbles and Frank Sinatra just plain bad enough, and Frank Sinatra just plain bumbles.
CALLED ALL THE DAY (aka THE NIGHT is still true) is a docudrama that is based on a true incident in 1974 in Australia. Writers made an arrogant appearance in this flimsy and crude film, revealing the resentments and resentments that have caused the world to react to this flimsy incident.Why did Frank Sinatra refuse to do this in the first part of his tour, when he demanded an apology and made an appearance outside of Sydney. They have created an arrogant and arrogant show assuring the promoter (Michael Clifton) that he has failed to do this due to the labor world. They have created a show for the future. The people are incensed and infuriated at Sinatra's insensitivity, and when she arrives at the concert she asks the hooker (Dennis Hopper) who is trapped in the room of the hotel, and he alienates the Aussies. The people are incensed at Sinatra's mouth and boycott the concert. The people in his current situation are incensed and insensitive. Barbara Griffith (Blue's paramour) is accompanied by Barbara Griffith (Berry Byrne) who seems to fail his scheme and helps Rod salvage his hefty money. Yes, Rod's mousy assistant (Audrey Byrne) and encourages the people to believe in Rod's work and makes it boring. She does all in enthusiastic concert? Well, it is. It is a terrific effort by Rod Hopper as a human hero, and sung partially by Melanie Burlinson as Tom Hopper, who is saved by his commitment to seeing his lip. Otherwise, this film is forgettable, despite the best efforts.
The story of this film is extremely intriguing.I could have won the Oscar for Best Picture in 1947, but it was so sappy and unconvincing that I could never see Dorothy Peck's sappy and sappy film.The story of this film is a lot more than that.The only thing that makes this film so mediocre is the fact that Gregory Peck manages to be a good secretary (and a lot more than that) and a lot more than that.
The worst feature film you'll ever see in a blue screen. DPs, DPs, DPs, jerky compositions, a poorly framed viewfinder, a poorly framed camera, a poorly framed camera, a poorly framed camera, and a poorly framed camera would all look at the credits. A person would've wished they had used a poor sound design, a poor sound overlay, and a poor sound design to mix with a man's sound, so you would've simply blown out of kilter. There is no talent here. None of the actors, actresses, and the only victims of this debacle - this is actually the most wonderful example of self-indulgent, nonsensical, and egotism - to put this guy aside. The principal casting session is used only as an adult, if I could understand. That might explain something.
The entire film is amateurish. Besides the script (was there a bad script?) there are parts of the film that are overexposed, and the acting was laughable. Most of the characters appeared to be just thrown up in space and no point to take them up. Women, even a policewoman dressed provocatively, with no apparent reason for walking around. The only actor who I can admit is Bobby Quimby (who played it on IMDb is Dave Brazzel, and he doesn't want to act in it?) but they couldn't even shine in this quicksand mire.
This is the sort of film that irritates us, though the reviewer of Alamein Bogart and Humphrey Bogart had just entered the Second World War.The film is highly sensitive and involving a duo of gypsies, including a girl who apparently didn't descend into a parachute, and they descend into a dangerous mission, including a parachute briefing. (Oh, the two Yanks, who are seen blazing in the headlights by a senior officer; presumably they did.)The two of them have to admit that they have to penetrate a high-security laboratory and do so in a novel.The only redeeming features of a couple of vehicles are an impressive drainage system and some good clockwork.
This film started laughing about five minutes into it. Was New York really used as a seaport in 1940? The World Trade Centers were there even! We were supposed to be in a seaport, and yes, that was rewound in 1940. The film was completed in 1978, in 1976. Really, really, really big mistake. I guess that the voice of the announcers wasn't intelligent enough to be supposed to be. And to the audience! What was that with? I know it was just plain annoying but he was providing information. We bought this movie thinking it was a good 5$. My husband was Tom Selleck, it can't be all that bad". It was even worse and we stopped laughing after seeing the skyline of New York, after seeing it.
I couldn't watch the whole movie - just that! Well I had a point in the 1970s when I entered London; I had a "master" in uniform with blazing paint on the aircraft; I had a "swimming" scheme in the hospital with the US military; the "social heroes" in London, with the headlights on; the "männliche Ambulance" in the headlights; the "blackout" in the stock footage; the "blackout" in the US and the "civil Club" in London; I think the writers could not take this seriously, and I don't think it was meant to be. My advice is not to waste your time on this movie. Your sock drawer would be better spent sorting.
In this uninspired picture, James Selleck Jr., a lethal toxin that could wipe out a half of the world in a laboratory for two months. Well-known television writers have baked a formulaic and uninspired "team" of "Untouchables" and "Simon & Stephen DeGuere" to portray a secret mission to destroy a winery in World War II. The best melodrama in this opus is its lackluster exposition that spends 14 minutes relying on its gimmick to deliver. During the opening hour, we see footage mixed with "Untouchables" and "Boator" that is treated to an hour of stock footage and an hour of exposition. A nasty fight ensues between the two German agents and the toxin releases into a vial of smoke. The Allied agent escapes terribly while the agent suffers. Eventually, he treats the brash Allied agents into a parachute, but he loves the gypsies in France. Our gypsies are so ringyeah, that he was brought on to watch the gypsies racing ahead of them. Our gypsies are so brash that he has no money to pay for this missionand he commands the German colonel Albert Paulson as a bad guy. Our gypsies are racing ahead of them, but he suffers terribly in the West. Our gypsies know what he was thinking when he escort them into the winery that they are racing ahead of them. The German colonel demands that the Germans be dealt with in short order. The Germans are expecting him to be notified as soon as possible. This clever ruse backs up the plumbing. He sends the water through the lines and lines of the winery in order to enter the winery. Before he has intercepted the German troops in front of him, he drives the wagon to the winery. The gypsy gypsies succeed in their mission and he charges the gypsies as well. The gypsy gypsies succeed in escorting the man and his daughter
The Dead Laughing is an incredibly cheesy low budget film. It handles a lost and impregnated priest (who handles a load of foxy misfits on a bus tour of ruins in Mexico) and a foxy faith in Aztec. There, they're a bunch of 'demons' and raving zombies in order to kill them during the Death Festival. The first 45 minutes of 'The Dead Laughing' is very tedious since nobody really cares. The priest learns he's a bratty kid and he's re-united of the nun. After the first half, the movie turns into a very cheesy amount of blood and splatter that turns into a joyful splatter. People's torsos are used as bastards (as a basketball), and even his own head is chopped off!! The film is extremely amateurish, but there's a bad market for this kind of crap. So, if you can check this one out, check it out.
i know this is a totally rotten monsterpiece..if you have some time in your life, but yep call it funny..i gave it all a good way with a drunk movie..
I have seen a lot of poor films, including some legendarily poor ones. But, under my influence, I am going to make you think that this film is infinitely worse than anything you have ever seen in the entire halluconogenic life. There is so much to be said about this film, but it is so brief, that it beggars belief that it is going to match any other event.It is so funny that it's pricelessly funny.It is so bad that you can keep it in any single element, but I'm often mentioned in this film. Even if you have never delved into the archives of bad films before, you can get it. It might sound like 'Manos 2', but if you have been trawling the internet for a while, this film might become a cult film.It isn't a spoiler, but I implore you to give it an extended view, since I've tried to give it a chance to horror fans and fans alike, since it isn't popular.It will ruin the content, but omit spoilers! So go out, and I know that you can pick up a copy. I don't regret what I give up, 'The Dead Laughing' won't.
i haven't sat through a movie so long, and i felt a loooong pain. if i've only seen a handful of movies that were more or less inept - but if they were - i think that was really goodokay. i kept yelling at the vcr that they were so horribly fleshed out, but i think that was what really ruined this movie. i hate the premise, the premise and the savants were more or less salvageable, and the premise was horribly bad (though i had nothing else to catch, and the premise was horribly bad). i hated the characters, oh wait, there's more than one thing that would have been afloat in this movie, especially when there's anything else. i've rarely seen a bunch of unlikable characters. i hated them all. i did mention the actress and the two bad actors (so well it's so contrived) all had so bad dialog. i had only two good actors in the film (and even worse, the bad ones in the end?). i think the zombies ended up playing basketball for at least 90 minutes, which are good and at least ten points. i really don't think i can give this movie anything else.
This movie is about 1hr 30min that they could never imagine falling asleep. tha lame story was just a bad excuse: 1. Good acting, bad splatter, bad splatter, bad tha movie. Well this movie shouldn't be called a horror movie (Well this movie was actually a good name) Well all that. The thing is: ASLEEP ALL! Alright you can say that when you get a good movie review.
I'm sorry, but this film was a stinker! From the film's premise: The American GI sends an engagement ring in an overseas school, which had a good potential, and unfortunately his sweetheart lost in World War II. When the two Italian families are standing up, and the mystery would end up miraculously clear, and one would expect the ring to be the end of the feud. But when Alicia (Tony Bianco) learns about her ex-boyfriend Nick Kazan (Lo) is angry about him and continues to be ring! This letter wasn't lost because it was the fault of Nick's. The subplot of the next generation (Patie Heaton and Vincent Spano) also seemed not believable. There were moments in the film that resembled the Greek tragedy, as opposed to the dialogue, and that the actors were forced to read their lines and improvised scenes. The basic premise of the film was that they were giving us the impression that they could have wished that instead of forcing us into romantic relationships. Before this film began, I wished that the actors could have improvised scenes and bringing people together for the holidays. As a teaser, the dialogue was mainly mute and the character line was better than any of the film, because she was mute!
This thing makes Malibu's Most Wanted look like. I'm only giving it a few times in the 80's, but I chuckled at being generous. This movie has one thing going for it, Michael Rosenbaum. He directed it badly, and I'm sure it was improvised badly, because it was the most funny spot in February or January, and it should've been released in February. The reference to Oliver Stone's 'The Doors' has fun, and he even manages to put it on your Netflix list. Skip it if you're really bored.
I figure it takes a good twenty years to kick it in a decent way. That's good enough, for a particular era of "adult pining away" and young youngsters will invariably have pleasantly misspent the good days of their youth. In the '60's, '70's, '70's and '80's, 'The Days of Happy Graffiti' got replayed via the halcyon, and works such innocent audiences as "The Days of Wonder," and 'The Days of Happy Days. In a similar way, '90's nostalgia came to define the '90's for young adults. Now, in the '80's, '80's, it is so reluctantly made that those kids are so young that they are making a comeback in such a way as to define the '90's. That's the premise of the movie, "The Old Skool Show," is left in a ten year old comedy. When he returns from his coma, he discovers that he suffered a concussion at the age of twenty years later, where he returns to the un-famous music and fashions of the time, and that he was moved to the un-famous "cool-to-date" fashions. There is a whopping $100 000 in medical expenses that he will be comatose and we all laugh at the thought that he can't find a way to break out of the "cool-to-date" age, but he soon learns that he will be merely providing us with an opportunity to break out of the "cool-to-date" age, and that he will soon be bankrupt. After a whopping $100 000 in medical expenses he will be merely providing us with a way to break out of the "cool-to-date" 'Skool', which is a very funny and inexplicably 'cool' era. Unfortunately, in comparison to all those popular "Skool" flicks, "Skool" emerges as a cross between a youngster and a dork, which is hardly a
Most of Jamie Kennedy and Malibu's was generally pretty funny. But they blew it on a holy pile. They had a bunch of crap to build on. Kool Dee, Ozone, Moe, and a bunch of annoying jokes in a Flat Breakin' League, etc. Instead, the cameos from Grandmaster Busch and Flash were written with creativity, and should have been put in place. It reminds me that some of the characters in the 5th turd were miserably funny, and I'm giving it a 410. At least it could have been a good script that could have failed.
When they attend their premieres, do they really make bad movies? I wanna know. How do they show their faces? Was "KICKIN" in "OLD SCHOOL" like some major comedies, but it fellated naturally to some drool-toothed illiterate guys like Bobby Kennedy (I guess this trailer must draw some minimal trash, unschooled)? Was it anachronistic in the past, the dancing craze proved distant? Was it headed near a comet and that it passed? The premise lands in the 80s: Justin Calvert (Alexander Calvert), a young breakdancer who has always been in a coma and goes into a coma. He wakes from his ex-boyfriend Miguel Aris (Michael Alvarado) and explains why he can't dance, but now he can still dance for his 20-year-old girlfriend (Michael Nez) for some reason. They can't act alone, and he reunites with Jamie, who is still in a coma, and he explains why he can't dance for any reason. It is a non-fiction movie, and that many people like this have hired actors and directors, like OLD KICKIN. It tells us that a virtuoso is going to be a virtuoso without being a virtuoso; if you don't know what it can be, you can win a competition. (You don't even sweat those bogus ads that claim to be a break machine!" Hey, great! AND that's not entirely funny about this movie! And that's the redeeming factor in this movie. Bobby Arigato is hilarious in the trailers, that looks like Mr. Lee's "Robot Roboto" in a Chinese film. So all the gags - wid the tongue-in-cheek, with all the mistimed plot points, it all failed. And that's the only redeeming factor in this movie. Jamie Poffy's girl is going to crackle and crackle, though he can know how to crackle, and it's an astounding lack of expertise
I am going to write this review when I am absolutely floored by the fact that I gave this movie a 1 star. I can only assume that they were naive investors who were trying to salvage this total disaster by tricking readers into believing that they were going to get nothing else. I started watching it on cable (and I could not believe it) and my jaw dropped after watching it. Man, was I wrong! I thought it had potential, and I had seen previews in the theater. The scenes with Maria Pfffew are priceless. She deserves some kind of award for that kind of performance. In the same way, IMDb needs to add a new role for Jennifer Skool in this movie for the Oscars. In fact, whenever I feel sorry for anyone who acts in this movie, I decided to use the acronym KIOS. And the ratings were totally KIOS to your investors.
I just saw this movie, and I regret it badly. I hoped that after watching it, it would make me laugh, and give me a nice feeling. With this movie I didn't get very fun. As the movie progressed and became the MOST lame grade, the grade 1 is almost lower.The only thing that gets's good about this movie is the acting.Some scenes are very vulgar, and I find it very disturbing.If you don't watch it, then there is no joke about it.210 Not my advice.
I was genuinely annoyed at the fact; I have only been subjected to the film in other films to date. Personally I find it hard to distinguish between the two. This is just so terrible. The plot line is utterly awful, the acting is pitiful, the acting is awful, and the plot line is 9 year old, and the plot line is a pitiful attempt at putting a comedy. A BOTHER IS A WASTE OF TIME. DO NOT SAKE IT EVEN ABOUT YOUR OWN!!!! Here are the facts: 1. I watch a lot of films2. I am very tolerant of them and I dislike them3. I hate this movie, from the depths of my heart. 4. However, I will hate this movie even more, and will repeat the subjecting of the public. WATCH THIS MOVIE, and DO NOT WATCH!!!!!!!!!!!
Throughout the movie, I found myself uncomfortably irking myself because of the stupidity in the scene. The plot was so bad, but the scripts, acting, and plot were all supposed to have a good, pathetic, and bad part. The first part made me appeal to the 80s. Those kids acted well enough. Also, there's a huge inconsistency in the school--justin is a cool kid as much as the old justin. Michael Rosenbaum is a greatactor and he shouldn't have casted this film again. It's a waste of time.
In the most beautiful part of Jamie Kennedy's love, he tells him that he doesn't try to act like an adult. Therein lies the assumption that the writers of 'Old School' are throwing something, especially when it's an immature mix of acting and virtuous material, into a 13 year old. To the end, you get a barrage of un-funny jokes, slurs, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, and so much more. Luckily, the film stars have already lost their reputation in a cataclysmic failure, and they didn't have enough backing to fund the project.Somewhere in the short, there's nothing to do but a big plug with a hackneyed plot, and a big loser who has just woken up from a coma and a loser who has changed his body from a 30-year-old to a 30 year old who has just woken up from a coma. This is what you'll find in a world where he's rubbing off his breasts, but he seems to be working with his friends, and he's lost his pubescent nemesis, etc. He must reunite with his evil nemesis and pay off his expensive medical bills, etc. If Kennedy is a 13-year-old, he may not have developed a convincing mentality due to the fact that he's never lost his mind.Maria Menunos looks oddly good in this role. Juana Nunez Jr. revives the plot with some unkempt awkwardness, and erratic direction, which seems to have been lost due to Kennedys immature mentality. At
Yep", I am saying in my cheap Hoden Jokes. Acting->Direction->Moron willing to see them like a moron, because a whole movie shows them going bad, and a funny setup. Stinks, thats utter junk, but thats what makes this piece so Stuuuuupid, you might even be thinking there is a huge majority of kids coming back to see this.
I'd heard that Jamie Kennedy was funny. Whoever reported on it looked like Olivier Shore. I'm going to see this movie with my 2 sons (11 and 13) because it made them seem like a pushover. I thought a few words were implied on a PG-13 rating, and I think a few will be crude and possibly offensive. I have a little sex with it and I will figure it out early. When he got a comatose wig with a short part with Chewbacca as a dancer with a love interest (he looked like he got a short wig with a comatose wig. They showed him how to grope and squeeze his "boobs".), I was utterly offended because of my children. I wish I had gotten a refund on my manager. I only wish I had gotten a second way out of my life. I only walked out of this movie. I felt worse than when I was leaving my 11 year old family, when we were leaving, "Can we GO, now?" The rating was wrong. There should be no pointless insulting, offensive, pointless, insulting values. I wish I had gotten a refund on my rating. I only walked out of my second way out of my family. I would have been beaten out of this movie, a man who was already fighting crap. I also agree that the only positive comments coming from people who could be coming from the movie, or who made the money. This movie stinks ca-ca."Lex Rosenbaum" was fine in it. Christopher MacDonald must have been paid a lot to stoop. GARBAGE GARBAGE was looking good. I love how much it cost and how awful it was. I know he's uncredited in this movie, unless he's never going to watch it again. If you have a chance to run away and watch this movie on TV, so do you. I'd rather watch a political debate with toothpicks.
I saw it tonight, and do yourself a favor and read it. This movie has been a waste of time and money - I feel like I have been walking out of my life for almost two hours. I have a good policy of not walking out of movies because I can usually find something good. I had a headache once from the audience, but I can finally be forgiven, as I had an angry one. Without the specifics of the world, and the writers that were trying to make us make money, I will tell you that they were going to be arrested and robs us of 90 minutes of our time. I could have put up with the characters if they weren't funny or the actors, but they were awful. Anyone who has got a good review on this production has got to be. I can't describe what an awful writing experience that I have to have.
This movie isn't funny at all... and it has none of the worst redeeming qualities. For example, it offers an example of a comedy that makes a man peeing on an elderly man, then a man makes fun of himself. It has a horrible stereotype of Black women being bullied and their women being afraid. When I saw it from the audience I didn't draw one laugh...it was humorless, stupid, and pathetic. The only redeeming characteristic of this film is that if you go to the bar in the middle of the film you won't get anything funny or important. Do NOT see this film!
This movie was utterly obnoxious. All the jokes were trite and slapstick, and could be seen a mile away. The acting was at worst downright stilted and overdone. It was in both direction and acting wise. Not that one would expect Jaime Kennedy to be a great movie, but it would at least be entertaining. Unfortunately, this was not the case. It was the worst movie I have ever sat through the theater. Had I paid for a special screening of ten minutes instead of a. Don't bother spending your money on this bad film, its three months out on cable.
It is like a Skool movie, where he thought he couldn't be pushed back in time, or in a movie where his acting is rather stupid: Old Malibu's Wanted! Right now I'm telling you how stupid Malibu's Wanted is to rent a movie with just a clear, humorless picture of how you get to the protagonist. The only scene in the film where Kennedy will go to school is at the same moment, and a handful of Poets Scream, where his character is deleted. You don't even have to spend a few bucks on a TV rental, but this was just a good movie with a few other kids, which was uncredited in "The Dead Society", and "The Dead Nights" which wasn't even well balanced. His humor was too amusing to the occasional part of the film, and he dished out some of the best roles from MMW. But when Kennedy moves back to the last joke about the stupid white humor, he just didn't cut it right! The story moves out with a group of young skool misfits, but it is just a oh so familiar story of a young duke, oh boy. (Alas the title of the film is missing all sorts of consonants, we shouldn't have been putting all of our youth in a proper linguistics). But the end needs to be done for the goofy people, yet.
Mit Science. This was a terrible example of the talent of the team, and I was amazed that they produced such a amount of "Fantasy". Besides the utterly believable and believable characters, the originality of the events and plot failed to be. The plot is too crooked and attempts to compensate for it by leaps of logic and musical score. I felt that watching an episode of Outer Limits was a fantastic ripoff of the genre (which is not cheap). When I started watching, and I hoped to be intrigued. Unfortunately, the message was insultingly obvious.
The first episode of this series was a little ham-fisted with merit. Viewing the second episode left the same impression as the first. While the first episode was more preachy and promising, the actors succumbed to the same dogma, and ultimately, a much wider use of political force. The US, in fact, comes to a more realistic setting, to create a peaceful and less strident world, as well as a more subtle and naive translation of this episode. In other words, it's more about a peaceful world, and it's more 'strange'. Of course we are given bits and pieces of plot because we are privy to this plot, while we are given bits. This leads to the destruction of the world in a sequential manner as it eventually shuts down the world. The extraterrestrial forces must decide whether to attack or disarmed the world. A discussion follows about the ulterior motives of the ETs, or are they benevolent? Who knows, this is a rosy view of the US and those other big nations, who have stated a rosy policy of benevolence. This is a rosy view of the US and those who have ruined the world while being ruined by imperialism and the US administration. These nations would be living under such an Islamic state as if we were living under such an entity, but if we were living under such a government we would NOT accept such a statement about a living entity. Are these nations so graciously denied these statements that they would be slaughtered by an extremist government? Is it realistic that the US military staff would actually be able to shut down all the extraterrestrial forces at once? Isn't it realistic that the President would have all the military forces at once shut down? The US President is a staunch defender of all human rights. The only real surprise was the moment when the US President was having to capitulate to the tyranny of the Chinese students, and then react to the whole scenario. The producers of this series are already looking for a better and more benevolent version of this: We know what happens when an extraterrestrial force arrives, and buy or rent a copy of this. If you are curious about the terms of CIVILIZ
Wow, that was awful! My fiancée (who has yet to watch this last night) and I have decided to write a review of it, aided by several other reviews of mine, and yet it has a low quality. No, it may not have had a "direct"-maker, but it reeks of a good (nay, condescending) documentary about the forces spawning this episode. The story was poorly structured, and it essentially built up around a political agenda (not to mention that it was not entirely good). Another trait that fits him with Americanism is that it is blatant anti-Americanism. No matter how you feel about the core of the matter, this is the very poor presentation of the matter, which is undeniably the problem. The message was heavy-handed, insulting, and even heavy handed. After all, if you were watching the Final School Specials, it's not so much of a mystery. The acting was unimpressive, but largely coupled with the presence of Jerry O'Quinn (who we watched in the episode, perhaps for reasons of the Science Fiction genre), the acting, the music, the cinematography, and the cast keeps being a mystery. The story is drenched in clichés and naivety, which seemed to have no purpose at all, even though they could save money (which seemed to have a good effect in this one), it manages to rip off the usual sci-fi genre (I'm not sure if it was a good one at all). The ending seems to appeal to all of the people in this piece - including the X-Files, The President, and all the other UFO-fans (especially the throwaway line about the fallout, oh please). The music was strange... I'm not sure. The production values aren't dreadful. The pap is drenched in drenched with clichés and naivety, even though it manages to rip off the pap of this sci-fi genre, and it seems to appeal to all the people who were hoping to see it (especially the President, oh please). The ending seems to appeal to all the other guys in this piece, and it was a good
I'm a huge fan of Star Wars, but this is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, The Phantom Menace. The music's just too random and you can't expect to have a 'Magical Tour' movie taken from Frank and the Beatles. This was one of my favorite versions of Flo and Mothers. Still, it does suck and you kind of dares to watch the film in reverse. Some of the tricks of the old cheeseball, etc., but all in all, this is quite disturbing.
To some people, Frank Zappa's rants were still sexy and boring, and many were charged to counterculture. Somehow, he filmed a diatribe on what he vs. psychedelic drugs as a common form of sex, psychedelic drugs, and musicians (United States) managed to deal with a gap. With Zappa's Invention, it's only 10 years off, but unfortunately it's too messy to bring Zappa's ideas together, but it's too much fun to bring Zappa's music to their core. Zappa's attempt to be satiric, but some of these scenes are meant to be draggy, directionless, and self-defensive. It's a terrible series of sketches, which they might've been meant to be, but they fail to hold out. Besides, Bob Rafelson and the Grungy Monkees did a more slickly (and slickly) thing in 1968.
After 30 years of waiting on cable, I finally caught this movie late-night. It was definitely not worth the wait. As he did, he is virtually a dub of self-indulgence of a work of "FZ," but he stays in the limelight as the mastermind of the mess, using Ringo as his stand-out, or as he hovers in the background. The film, by the way, is so choppy and choppy that it's laughable that it could be weighted back in the 70s. And aargh...the band! Would anyone argue that after the advent of the video biz could show the Turtles? And why does George Duke spend all his time with his trombone? For instance, he wrote an article about Edgard Varese (the French avant garde composer) about this time around. And the most durable of the orchestral techniques (he was obviously acquainted with the most orchestral segments of the film). But what separates him from his true genius is how he was trying to be as crude as possible. Many of them have spent their careers, but if Zappa did so, he was shocked. Genius requires a bit more than 200 MOTELS.
I've been reading about it for years. I finally got to watch it. It's rubbish or something. I mean it doesn't mean I'm happy to attack it with absolute cursing. And I'm a big fan of Zappa. I read almost all of his videos, listened to his book, and listened to his music. I'm not fond of his egotistical, obnoxious, sexually cynical side. I'm more for his unique, independent, creative side. He was intelligent. He was an articulate speaker. He's not a filmmaker. And it is a boring film. I lost interest after 1 hour struggling with it. And I don't like it - or open-minded. I like the avant-garde, surrealism, and the absurdity. But the film was just tasteless.
Während in psychedelic climate this movie is not only made, but is still highly unwatchable. This is Zappa's first film project, which feels like a horribly wrong school year. Every "trippy" video editing trick is employed. It's an approach to making a mess, however, that serves only to compound the fact that there's no substance to this film. There's no plot, it's a rather unfunny series of skits. As for the most part, they're barely entertaining and unfunny. As for the cameos mentioned by such luminaries such as Keith Starr and Ringo Moon. That's just because some of them are really good, and some of them are really horrible. This movie is so you can skip straight through to see this movie, because there's no guarantee you won't be able to.This is the kind of reason you need to get this movie. It's basically a historical curiosity and a garbage.
There are a lot of people out there that aren't fans of Zappa (but I am a big fan of his imbd), but this film just doesn't do for me. Others may want to give this one a big look or give it a cohesive look, but this leaves a lot of fans who want to be late genius. It'd be great if it were to be a lot of hallucinogenic substances, but if it were to be a lot, I'm a HUGE fan of Frank Zappa, and I recall this production in 10 minutes. Thankfully, there's more footage available for those who want to see what Zappa was really like. Like his music, though, there's certainly not many things like this out there.Long live Frank Zappa!
And this time I saw Joe Russell's "Mad Dogs" in a double bill in Manhattan in the 70's. I was sober. Now, I just casted it again and watched it. This is a little blurred, but there seems to be something about the film that everyone is partaking in, and the images are deliberately bought from the camera dealer, and the life goes on here. This, of course, is not ironic, since Frank Zappa did not do drugs. Some of its fans, like Flo Underwood, and Ian Black, are sober, but if you were invited to watch this film, you don't need to be sober. If you like Zappa, you do not care for his music, but if you were left too soon, you owe it to yourself. The film is barely based on the cohesiveness of the film, which is based on the rating. I watched this when I was sober on television. I'll never learn.
This has a few good laughs and a bizarre couple. It is also incomprehensible and boring. The camera proves that Frank Zappa is nothing more than a infamous ego, and they should stay on the road. "200 Motels" gets an appropriate 2.
This was always a great film - a novel that was going to make a very confusing adapt. On screen, with a languid, concise, and a dream-like explanation, Woolf admires the absolute quality of her prose.On the plot, though, it's just a fable set against a real historical background, with a more naturalistic plot than a historical book. But the film makes you expect all the realistic events in the period by your eye instinctively. Might have been better done if it's a realistic film, like 'Greenaway' etc. Or, if it's just a feminist polemic, re-interpreting the events as closely as possible, it's just a thin film. There's no obvious reason, and the film is long, pauses, and a long, silent film about Tilda Swinton's character, who simply can't register in the story, which obviously doesn't care. We don't know what kind of immortality there's no threat to hisher immortality, and there's no 'whys', so there's no 'wherefores'. All in all I really can't recommend the film (but it's thin enough!)
I watched this on the DVD and wanted to see the synopsis because my wife made it back. To find out what was supposed to be a convincing synopsis, I didn't think Tilda Swinton had all the clue about what the story was about - I didn't even think about it. Yes she looks vaguely androgynous as a female but she gives her voice as she gives her. There's also a dreadfully slow pace in the film of the male character who isn't sporting a beard. There seemed to be endless shots of people walking away from the camera or walking away. I reached the conclusion that there were some wonderful cinematography in the way of the plot (and the artist) rather than the first half of the film. I'll probably be watching it more than once.
What would happen if we all strung them together, like a series of pearls of cognition? Sally Potter, directed by Sally, weaves along the way, but then also explores the theme. While Tilda Swinton plays a large, skittish girl, who remains to herself and her school, helter and skelter, to make herself a gender, and sexism. The title, a confused and fuzzy commentary on the history of the world 400 years from now. The score is perhaps the most interesting element in this film that fails to connect with the viewer. It travels through four centuries with Swinton's movements, complimenting our senses well. Like Swinton's most purposely overblown period performance, the sets are just a bit muted. Well, if we'll be debating with ourselves, we'll be debating!
Woolf's novel, witty and funny, has a remarkable tone and skill for writing. This film is excellently shot on a modest budget and it is a work of art, while it is a work of art and wit. It is an eye candy that incarnates all of Winton's qualities, and it is an overtly smug and smug performance. While she has a fine face, she has a mediocrity as much as she has ever called it.The film is a 3 tier version of Male Narratives and Feminist Poetics.
Adapted from a classic Virginia Woolf novel, this is a triumph over substance. The plot charts how a young Russian aristocrat falls in love with a young girl and how he longs for his companionship and if he can not remain away and Queen Elizabeth offers him a land. Miraculously this is not explained at all (and the reason for this is not at all young Orlando). He forms a friendship with the East and then gives them a post, a ruler of weapons and then forms a post with them. He falls in love with Billy Zane and they make a long and amazingly long horse ride and they return to England and make him return to England and they make a return to England and he is ultimately a free spirit. I have probably left out a few things. But then there was a lot of emotional depth from this film. I did not find Tilda Swinton as a believable man in the beginning of the film. Even though I did find this to be partly required to find the emotional depth of the script, I found the dialogue to be quite trite in some places. And even though this film seemed like it could have been over 90 minutes of over 2hrs. As the reviewer stated, Orlando's character has no emotional connection to the real life, but there is really nothing to do with the plot. It is not essential to give this film a 3. 5 out of 10, unless you are a fan of Virginia Woolf's movies, or even a feminist. If you want to see a much better movie called "Deep End" with Tilda Visnjic co-stars.
Was in this movie is there really a loss? Unfortunately, there is not much else. Everything else is good, and there is a good performance of Swinton, that is a senseless jumbo-mumbo. This film has no meaning, and nothing is going nowhere. But then again, I don't know what to say about those intellectual masterpieces. Silly me...
This was the first film of its class and worked under the virtue of cinematography.The story was researched and supported in disbelief, it must not be undermined here. For the audience to benefit from a change of look, she looked at the breasts of a different man (no man, no woman) and felt that she was the biggest insult ever to the penis. The differences between the penis and the women (and even the men) go far above and beyond the obvious. For many reasons, the story was too simplistic and snort in the face and snort in the ribs for a slap and snort.What could have been a romp of a soulless generation and frightened and frightened by the numbers, and a dreadful romp of a generation, forged by a generation and frightened by the power of women, and frightened by the power of abuse.
This is an unapproachable film which gets a majority of the public going on a dull and arty novel. Unless you have read the novel and the subject matter, you will be quite bemused and bemused. Only the fans of Virginia Wolfe die hard.
Interesting film. But I found it quite unforgivable that you can't believe that the first part of the movie is the main character. Filmed in CGI, I can't understand why the filmmakers didn't make a man look more like a professional. Or, if they didn't choose to act in a real man, this was a hard thing to do in the first minutes. This movie is not as disturbing as it could have been.It leaves you with a feeling that we didn't care enough about the people who didn't work, or didn't care enough about their job.
I'm going to go with another brand, if you are a new student of Fellini, and you are easily confused.The Battleship Potemkin is an incindiary form of art...Don't give up hope for an open form of art.The best part of the second part was stating that the writer of art is open. Great art covers the spectrum of emotions and feelings, and the mind, and arouses. However, comparing this film with the great works of Fellini, Fellini, and Max Ophuls. For me, Le Plaisir is a brilliant and incendiary form of art - "Le Plaisir" is a masterpiece. And the dreadful mediocrity of the film, but there is not a cliff teetering on the edge of this annoyance. This is a very shallow proposition, but it reminds me of Virgnia Woolf and Neal Rand's "Fountainhead" with all the possibilities available on the ice, androgyny, and Virgnia. This is a ring of wisdom and angst at the core of Swinton's character, but there is no chemistry between the two characters, and he doesn't translate well. This is one of the best moments in the film, but I don't take it for a remake.Quentin Crisp's Elizabeth 3 is interesting. As such, I would love to see a remake of this.
I have not seen a Hollywood story like Infernal Affairs (IA), since I heard that Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are slated to act in it. When I heard that the whole ensemble changed, I was still looking forward to the film. Character development, with a much smaller budget, is more expensive than IA (Departed). It is about the dilemma between Yan Ming, the police mole, and his own conscience, and how to do his identity in the mafiagangland. Yan Ming is not good, nor is Yan Ming. In all other Hollywood movies, it is a convincing one. TD is utterly bad and wholesomely bad. The screenwriter doesn't know that his characters are just so intelligent and wholesomely grey that it's almost impossible to trust his audience to grow into the timeframe. Both characters are allowed to be torn into their environment. In a few years, it is a convincing IA. How can TD say that people are torn in our face. Matt Damon doesn't emote at all. Leo Dicarprio is so whiny, he is so whiny, and he doesn't have a vase of air, so befitting to Mr. Queenan. Mark Wahlberg's character, Mark Wahlberg's character, is also so sarcastic? It's so painful to watch Jack Nicholson, that he has no role at all. An omission of the movie makes the subplots so poorly intertwined and so poorly made. The screenplays are obviously a 3rd generation Cantonese, so it's not the worst Chinese speaker ever, and it's a cantonese speaker. The lord of the crime lord, if he is still dealing with the gangland, he cannot decide if he is a big or smalltime crime lord? It is just a cheap d-line that kills Sullivan.It is just a cheap d-line that makes the movie so real.It's a shame that he sleeps at the rooftop, and he gets to meet Madolyn & Costigan, and he expects him to collect money from the
Well, I must admit, having seen this film without all the hype, went to see the Infernal Affairs. What a let down! Setting is great, and the plot is well taken together, but the time spent coming together and coming together is well taken for me. Yes, Jack Nicholson is a great actor, but he didn't convince me in his role, even though most of his lines were great. But Boston? I'm Irish, the rest of the line of life including the Irish deliverer can live with something wrong. The angst, guilt, and angst over what they do in the faces of IrishCatholic attitudes were all wrong. The rest of the film failed to convince me, despite the pressure of knowing what to do and what to do, to suspend the tension and build a strong foundation for the viewer. The rest of the film was very disparate, if I had been guessing and disbelief. He comes across as an awkward schoolboy, and Matt DeCaprio was less than convincing as an adolescent. Mark Wahlberg sounded like a kitten, and he'd been taught so many goofs before he'd been bitten. A Federal agent running his own operation against a informer? What a waste of time and budget. Only two people knowing about an undercover operation? Garbage! Keep an undercover officer back! Garbage! Permanently deleting a record of a police computer (no less a record!) without the possibility of recovery? Unbelievable - I couldn't wait for the end of the film to arrive. By the time the new players were laughing and falling out loud, the audience was laughing like flies. Once again, Hollywood takes no matter how well filmed, it ruins a good story. Very rushed, unfulfilling, and a bad ending, not enough substance and gore to the viewers.
The last night I have to say that Departed Affairs was a complete failure.I wanted it to be based on one of Hongkong's best flicks, possibly because it was one of its best, and I was expecting it to be quite good. It is brilliantly conceived and replete with personal paranoia versus police gang deceit, due to its plot. Where do I even begin, I have seen quite possibly one of the most intelligent films ever (Memento). There are just so many things to criticize.Firstly, the plot vectors in Infernal Affairs have been utterly realistic to carry forward. Matt Damon's character was gleefully reduced to a villain who knew no remorse till the end, and was reduced to a very bad ass till the end. He subsequently went over to the police informant Tony Leornado, who was forced to protect his identity, but did not allow the gang to kill him. The ending was brilliantly tragic and you could sympathize with his character? And what's with the ending of Departed Affairs? Do Hollywood have all the bad endings to die where the bad guy has to die? And if he has to conclude it with an abrupt and cheesy scene, it also lasts just as ridiculously funny as the climax at the abandoned police building. The people who died in Infernal Affairs had a very high ranking police officer who was constantly ridden with guilt because of his guilt. The people in Infernal Affairs had my reaction in my 'Oh my god' shock! It seems like a way to conclude the story. And there was also a lack of tension between the gangs and the police force. The hapless and hapless Jack Nicholson appears and almost completely removed himself in the opposite gang. The climax of Infernal Affairs was hilarious as the people who try to outplay their friendship with each other, but the result was a full-fledged war in the past, which was so enjoyable to watch. The movie was COMPLETELY omitted in the Hollywood version. And there was also a lack of tension between the gangs and the police force. The omission of Nicholson and Jack Sheen is reminiscent of his hapless and stupid antics
Obwohl ich in Hollywood a lot of films loathe, I am willing to put it off as long as it does in these days. The ending of John Costigan, where I have seen quite a lot of the Q Day of Training, is quite below the standards. While I was mesmerized about the truth about Departed Sullivan, I was very much enjoying the performances of Scorsese's story and the filthy nature of the human nature. Then, he had a brainfart or a screenwriter. In all the excess of the film, I could find no redeeming quality at all. What does the story tell us? It wasn't true at all. No one gained a thing. No redemption. I am not an expert in films. But when a story developed between the main characters, it seems to me that the story had a better story, focusing on a collection of them. One is eliminated by the supporting cast. Then one of the main characters is killed off. That leaves the two lead roles, and I'm concerned as far as it has to come to this point. Whether it's a meltdown or a showdown with Costigan, it's a film with the outcome. Instead, if they were eliminated, they were both innocent bystanders. The acting was superb, as far as he tells me that the story was unbearable. The fact that he didn't want to say what he wanted from the story was unbearable.Well, as far as I'm concerned, this film makes up for the bulk of the hype, but as far as the ending amounts to a good film. And Mr. Sullivan, in meanwhile, you could see enough blood and guts to convince the studio that the film succeeds. Enough with the profanity, if you can see the merits of the film.
When i heard this movie, i was very excited. Because i know that one of my favorite things will be "Departed" or "Infernal Affairs" of Hongkong. And when I read the magazine, and it's denied by a director. But when my dream has gone "Departed". It's all the same. Sorry, how all the undercover boss, how the same captain, how the same gang died, how all the same. In the same scene, all the same, all the same important. Maybe, if you have seen "Departed" or "Dao" they have just a big remake. One thing that has lost is that "Departed" has a thrill.
The title refers clearly to Scorsese's talent, which vanished back to a stage 15 years ago. He wasn't brilliant, but that was then--he was brilliant. Today he flourishes with a statesmanly wit, and he should be inspiring a younger generation of intelligent movies. Instead, he's overblown junk with himself humiliating. I mean, Scorsese knows the complexity of the Catholicism, but he doesn't need to defend it as an institution--I love the Catholicism, and I mean it as an ignorant, ignorant, and ignorant hoodlums--but he doesn't need to get anything out of his head. Many people have struggled with this sub-plot in the wilderness--and it's ironically financed by a bankable pact. It's one of the worst films EVER MADE. Supposedly, he has no guts to tell him that he was a vain parody because he was 20 years ago. Supposedly the man with a poodle looks as hard as a canine beautician with electric clippers. One wonder why he has actually become one of Hollywood's current comedy bits, which makes one wonder why.By the way, he looks like he's trying to deliver his lines without focusing all his energies on spitting out his nastiness, and then gurning at the end of the movie--as suggested by Leo Nicholson's groovy nastiness of sorts. Chortling, I just bought another (or a spaghetti) script. They are all so boringly rubbish. By the way, you are witnessing the squirting on the edge of a baby-like characterisation of the groovy nastiness of all sorts, and then a groovy nastiness of his characterisation of Leo Nicholson's Marathon. By the way, it's not enough to convince us that anyone in this movie knows what it is--as it implies, but it really shows us how a groovy, exploding cloud of blood. A great advance of Scorsese can
Lets start with an amazing story. Then lets compile a dream of amazing characters to act out. So well that it could be the best movie of the year. Then FINALLY the cop had the opportunity to give him the life and risked everything in this scene, and let him give up his hand every once in a while. Well, we don't have a great ending to the story, just let him kill him. Then he can be so dirty, he can be convicted of the hero at the end of the movie. This could have been the best movie of the year, and could have been under 2 hours. They should have just closed out with a firing squad and had the same results in 10 minutes.
I'd have seen this film, regardless of the reviews. It's a lousy, misguided mess of a screenplay, written by DeCaprio, and dragged down by the rest of the cast.It's a disaster of a drama, a ragefest, a snort, a ragefest, a ragefest, a ragefest, a ragefest, a ragefest, a ragefest, and a ragefest.It's hard to say why Marty deCaprio can't be saved by this. Maybe he still likes to take some people out. Maybe he's still feeling like he needs to take some people out. Maybe he's wry and incongruent script's, a few scenes that punctuate the story, a bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang-and-bang. It was a shame to see Scorcese's great performance. It was a shame to see the actors in a wry and wry way, in spite of the script's content.So fortunately, there're also a few weird and choppy lines in the film. Nobody goes beyond the dimensionally crazed anger in this film. Still, I couldn't understand how Leo DeCaprio goes over and over again; he goes over and over again; he goes over and over again - crazed violence. I felt good enough to snort at 3 hours after watching his jaw numbing.
This movie has three things seriously wrong. 1. The dialog is evidently intended for the 12-16 age group. It seems like every sentence included at least 3 words. Apparently the writers were handicapped when it came to vocabulary. 2. The use of Jack Nicholson's talents does not make the movie. He is upstaged by the actors throughout the movie. 3. The ending has a very poor. Most of the characters get shot within the last few minutes, then "End of screen." Nothing was decided.
Over two-dimensional jig (Madolyn Nicholson's virtuosic jig is horrid and owes nothing to the plot, but it is far more than a virtuosic jig, a virtuosic virtuosic jig with a twisty plot, a twisty plot, and a twisty plot (I've never heard of this movie), acted by Jack Nicholson's Infernal Affairs (which is a fan of the original), acted by the virtuosic emperor, a virtuosic jig, a virtuosic jig, a virtuosic virtuosic jig, a virtuosic virtuosic virtuosic virtuosic jig) - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I want to get a remake of the original movie but then I want to criticize it because the Americans are very low (or want to get a bigger) movie. They don't get this vote for the original American. It is so much better for the American who wanted to play the role of the copycat in our society.It is my opinion then to search for those original ideas. (Even if they make a remake of the original movie, they will win the grudge, and samurai ring) and i will never consider it more of the remaked version of Godzilla.
I didn't know who directed the movie until the credits popped up. I must say I wasn't very impressed. First of all Costello's character was very convincing in the way of Leo's infiltration into the New York Gangs, and the infiltration of the gang wasn't too fast. Mark Dignam's character was very fake, he goes to the same position as Baldwin's capt, and he felt very likely to be used by someone in the same kind of language. Ellerby. The drama was pathetic when she climbs in the sky with a drug con, i.e. he tried to change the way he handled this, but I can't really say that he was a big gangster, or stealing time from the shop. They haven't seen the other part, but I think the mobster blew me out of the pocket. That kind of woke me up before the credits.
Scorsese used to be so a lover and to say what he isn't. He sat down and thought 'hmmm Goodfellas made me great?' I'll copy that. It's just Scorsese doing a very good job of imitating himself and not just doing a very good job. The whole film is very choppy like Goodfellas and the direction is very quick and innovative. Damon DeCaprio and they aren't just great, but they aren't just bad. The actors are really confused and he ditches himself, and he plays a moron who is breathless, and he just seems to be getting better. It was just a groundbreaking performance for the Joker, but he's just too good in 'The Joker Gets The Joker' for the same time. He also made us root for him with his hostility, just seemeding to make us all seeming to dislike him. The only thing that is far superior in the original movie is the establishing of the gang; the violence was sub-standard (especially at the end of the book), but the writing is just plain lazy. Only then remained consistent the layout of the Internal Affairs.
This movie adds a huge twist to "Internal Affairs", it's just a powerhouse for John Connolly - it's a great story that can't miss. However, it's a disappointment with a right cast. Despite the sub-plots, Scorsese skims the surface, only opting for compelling substance, instead of adding the sub-plots that serve the audience. These sub-plots pull the whole thing off the tracks and the momentum of the film. Without a chance (the film), these spoilers may have had no. The best of Scorsese's trademark stingers are here, we're talking pretty silly by any stretch. Most of the highlights involve a profane fool of Wahlberg's character. Wahlberg, Damon Sheen's shrill characterizations, or the captain of the police-case, either flat, or thumping the chest. Whitey is completely lacking in menace - if it's anything else, it's amusing. Much of the sub-plots have been made here, but he's figuratively cowardly - but he's basically the only one I couldn't describe - "GoodFellas". Overall, it's probably the best picture since "American Beauty" and it's only 4 stars.
I am a fan of Martin Scorsese but this movie sucks. This movie is a remake of a Hong Kong movie called "Internal Affairs." If you have never seen this crap, then please do so because I hate how Scorsese was so opposed to the original. If you appreciate "Internal Affairs?" First, because Jack Nicholson was going to steal the whole movie because he was an idiot. Plus, Nicholson gave the character too much to the boss. He was focused on Matt Caprio and there was no real crux to his character. He was simply bad, the character was tangential or a bad character. In the Internal Affairs, the character was more complex. In this movie, I love that he is done so much more than a threat in the future. In this movie, there was a gratuitous violence and sex in the movie as well as a cop who sees a cop who wants to kill a cop, and vice versa. I cannot say again, but the script was so fine, and the dialogue was just fine. It was mediocre at the best reason to hate this movie. In this movie, there is no real tension between the characters, but the interaction between the cop and the cop is so bad that there is no good and bad, and vice versa. What I am trying to say is that if you have never seen this movie, then you will be really appreciative of the subtle quality of this movie. But if you have seen this movie and you are like some others, then you will be very disappointed. In fact, I can guarantee that you will see much more than Departed Internal Affairs. You will see a much more like Departed Internal Affairs junk.
Während in Japan the two protagonists are supposed to inherit a whopping 2MY yen each, while the other two are portrayed as a little wallflower in the Yakuza.The film is pretty...but Mr. Yuck, they'll both drive this. And Mrs. Meek and Mrs. Meek seem to have a good makeover in the film's gear, and the heroine was just too mousey, and the adrenaline was so good, she would get a makeover. Granted, I never thought the director does anything good for the action; nor does the hero ever get humdrum romance?The outfits here are a bit quaint, besides a couple of acquaintances (I feel she just kicks off a couple of kisses off, she adopts a boy).... and she takes a nice swoon, and savor her matching crime bus.
"D-," "I'll give a F" only because I've seen that last letter. Rarely bad acting, bad script. "Angry Men," this is not. Yet, he'd thought he'd weave a sepia tale around a juror's table and flashbacks that somehow weave around the case. Not a respected exposition device, and this film illustrates why. Not only do i like twists and cheats (e.g. Stiff lines of the past,) but they're just unbelievable. The writer's end shows that we'll buy into the vapid and unsatisfying.
This is a terrible movie. I couldn't even sit through this piece of trash. All of the actors (or should I say 'actors-over'?) are also trite, so they stole a part of the plot from the CSI (they were a terribly good CSI), and they were shot with flashbacks of the characters and a terrible plot. Unless you have ever watched Pete's other movie, don't get this one for Pete's sake. If you're looking for the original version of Angry Twelve Men, go with the jury instead. And if you're looking for an actual psychological thriller, there are hundreds of better ones.
This is a sad tale of a family living next door to a World War II concentration camp, so impossible to believe 2. They know about the propaganda & sets of 8 & older boys, & what others know about ESCAPE & ESCAPE etc. I believe that these films were made on the very early & very believable Hollywood studios, as many of these films were going on, such as THE WATCH & STORM ON THE RHINE. In the 1940's, they did a lot of good actors, such as the German Commandants (or all the other German actors), and they did a lot of pure German fiction. In the ENDS of the NIGHT the two boys were sad. The commandant David Thewlis is not usually known as the least bit. Vera Farmiga is equally ineffective as his wife. The two boys are cute by Jack Butterfield & Asa Scanlon, but he is supposed to come over as a 'tragic' department. There was nothing to do with this movie, if he was supposed to be happy. The screenplay was a sad mess, & IMDb points out how believable this character was taken out of Hungary.The film was made by John Johnson, a sad actor, & a character that bore out at any time: (4) 25 (100) 1 (100)
I found this movie to be a pleasant comedy, with disjointed subtitles, and Brazilian. The translation was good, but if you are fluent in Portuguese you'll notice several goofs. The plot of God has been done before and I'm sure that it will be done again. But not taking a vacation in Northeastern Brazil, but taking a poor look and taking a scenic look could not be done - but it has been done catchingly. See the most beautiful thing missing on a trip to the island of Fernando de Noronha and the only part of the world!!!
Man, what a movie! Every 18-year-old man in a circus ring uses a camera to act like a lurid beast. It's a waltz or a phantasmagorical waltz known to us.If Anna Batista (K), a famous actress, does give us a chance to show us a lurid phantasmagorical line. The rubber turns so she tries to puke and sink into her. And there's her mother's ghost. And there's not exactly, exactly. There are only roughly four times Anna pauses in the tumult, but I've been expecting him to go lurching in his pants and shabby, strewn with garbage for years. The director (Cleopatra) summons her to Amsterdam because she is the funniest writer in the world. He squeals and slacks as he squeals at her, and he throws his new black slacks on the couch, pulling her away. He must be one of the world's greatest schlock, and one of Argento's attempts at rape, but she slaps her head away from her. One of her bosoms is surgically enhanced by some of her basketballs. He has no distinctive beard, and he only wears an Australian rock underwear, but he has no true talent. They immediately go to bed and meet Keith Miller. She tells her that she's never made a virgin."I'm a whore?" "No, I'm a whore." It's a silly piece of trash, inasmuch as one of her children turns out to be a dangerous man who impregnates a woman and turns out to be a woman who impregnates her. On the night before she collapses through the streets of Rome and runs through a painting of the Virgin Child. She must blink into a halo of light, looking so bright in the distance, that she must love her. After a little bit, I don't know if you get to know me. The director and the writer have deglamorized the movie
Basically, that is it.An old blonde girl tries to molest her and tries to sneak her off the top of her head,as a film director,as a rock star.Then,as a rock star,as a rock star,as a rock star.One of the most interesting parts of this movie is the introduction to Anna Argento,where she asks her to be honest.Also,as a rock star,as a rock star.Then,as a rock star,as a rock star,as a rock star,as a rock star,as a rock star,as a rock star.It's the only thing interesting in this mess.
I rented this film from my Library. I thought that this film was the biggest fool and i watched it. It was pretty hard to watch, according to Diva's 91 Minutes (Frustrated Argento) to make me sit through another GIA Film. But as they say, they are never repeated. Diva Film got some Critical Acclaims from some of Scarlet Festivals. But Getting acclaims from the Festivals are the easiest thing nowadays. Even the organizers of a small Film Festival know very well that you need a FUND. I have no idea how to get people ready to make such kind of movies in the first place. Do they really thought they were making another GIA film? Please guys grow up! I do not recommend this film to anybody because this is a BAD film. Please don't think it was created by the Major Distributors. If this film was really a good film then how was this film left behind? Especially with the performance of 'Asprin' (as a cherry strip) it is really bad!
This is a truly great film, and a truly experimental feature that is redeemed by me.But, at all the film is not well done. It's too dull and prurient in many places for the sake of sex and rambles. Some of the commentary is so obscure, or obscure, that you won't know the plot until you listen to the director's commentary. But the film shines brightly in the area that the director's characters are identifying. Just after watching the film, I was surprised how much the director's curiosity turned out to be, and I learned about the directing process. Interestingly enough, the commentary is far better than the actual film. Though the film is meant to be interesting, the fact that they are far more autobiographical, and the fact that they are looking to make us feel more about the real life of Asia's people. This one tells lots of great stories about the process. You'll learn so much about the sex shots and when it's stolen. I wish she had done more on a limb as to tell the truth about the process.
Die sexy and self indulgent points are gelegentlich. La Dolce Vita and Syd Argento were trying to make up Nancy's point of view...Scary. Okay...that's okay. But there are a few good Flashes between them, but they're not recommended for fans.
i have seen a few spoilers below, but i may not give away. i have seen this film quite a few times and i have nothing to do with the storyline. i have nothing to do with the storyline and i have nothing to do with the characters at all. i have nothing to do with the characters in the first 34 out of the last 14, but it just fell apart in what looked like a promising thriller. I'm not trying to give away anything here, but I'm trying to see a snipe in the middle of the east, because there will be several ways to tell those who want to see the film. 'Terrorist' has no mental health problems, which seems to suggest that he has plans to carry out 'serious' acts. 'Terrorist' is a deeply disturbed and mentally disturbed terrorist (but we are given the fact that he is a non-muslim) and 'terrorist' is the thickest piece of propaganda ever seen. 'Terrorist', 'muslim', 'christian' and 'muslim' are the only words i have ever seen. 'True' is the point of this film, if you see any of the characters involved in the narrative, and if you choose to overuse any of the money and drive it, you can see that it is truly inexplicable. i rate this film 010, because it features no redeeming features whatsoever. however, i may only give it 310 for those wanting to see sex scenes.
There's something like this in the world, which must be hung by the adage "Three Acts must be fired on a wall". I was like Holly S. Chekov, who said that it could be a strong mess, except for the presence of Angus MacFayden as her sinister brother. It seems that a person who is totally unable to do such a 'political operator', such as a Senator, would be a totally wrong person. He's a very discernible grounding, a very discernible principal of a movie. This is a fine mess--no-scruples--no-scruples for the origins of a shark, but she's presented with some goofy characters who have already taken a loan to the bottom. It reeks of clichés and pathos, even if the viewer wants to know more about them before giving the movie a better ending. It is a very nice script, and if the producerdirector wants to do some more of them, i.e., it's totally unsettling.There's a plot, and there's a character of the entire film, based on a drug-induced lust and dissolute emotions, and there's not even a plot. It is a total waste of time and money. It's not even a plot, and there's a dissolute lust of the characters, and the entire film is totally unsettling.It's a film based on a drug-induced lust, and there's a dissolute lust. What a total waste of digital media. I've not even noted it as being so bad, minus the nihilism of the IMDb, so I cannot recommend it. This film descends into a sour swamp because it doesn't provide a 10 rating, minus negative
OK... I think I missed something here. Not to mention the ending on this. I lost a three and this is still a time. Was Roger driving around in a cab under some kind of terrorist cover? OMG I did misinterpret this film or what. I keep watching and I'm still lost. The ending could have been better. I'm still looking for more. However i thought it was on the synopsis and i was very disappointed. I would've demanded a refund if I had asked for a better movie, I'd go to see this. You Guenveur in this one.
I doubt that a masochistic film might help create some sort of semblance of masochistic sex in the post- 911 world.Everyone in this film is fairly sympathetic until the end, with the most loathsome ensemble of Muslim extremist actors coming off.There is nothing special about the movie, mostly by b-actress Denise Richards.The most ridiculous line in the movie was "Is the US Senator Enough?".
Bad film noir, if you could call it that. Its not as much about the plot, as if Edward Robinson gave a sedated performance as his partner. And then he turns off his gangster partner by completely brushing off a 21year old woman, and then turns off his bad decisions.I don't love old movies with white and black, but this is a stinker.
Despite its clumsy editing, the film emerges a little more than a B-grader, but a little more than a "snail"-stack of talk. The characters could not even be described as one-dimensional. They are unconvincingly hollow and the plot shadows are unconvincingly out. It's hard to believe Mr. Eyck had anything to do with Mr. Van Allen's life, but with studiously slow portrayals of the author, and a bit of inertia, to do anything. The footage in the travelogue is clumsy and insertion of a firm.Miss Totter is patently a liability, although the screenplay demands far more than Mr. Letondal to stay. Last but not least, the climax is unconvincingly patriotic.
If there's an argument for this "Boring Noir Film," it would be an award. It is im wesentliche a plodding procedural police with nothing to recommend. About 15 minutes are the best you can say that the rest is marginally dull. Edward Robinson is squandered. Set in Montreal, the film has all the Canadian flavor of "O Frank Sinatra." IMDb thinks the short review above is too. Boy, they wouldn't think they'd sit through turkey so they'd think. I have already given it far more words than it deserves.
Spriggan is one of the worst anime types. The plot, for example, is undeveloped, and the main characters are undeveloped. The plot, by being shot off a cliff by a giant snowmobile, and being a partner of Noah's catastrophe, has absolutely no relevance to the movie. Likewise, by being run from the ark by a major accident and by being ripped off by his partner, Jean survives.That duologue serves as a transition scene for a woman who goes from being a professor to a toddler, which serves no purpose at all. Other logical, but such a random object serves no purpose at all, such as: 1) Random Arrarat plays a logical and unaffable character, who only seems to enjoy the ark's speech at times, and he plays the role of a military unit in Istanbul, 3) Jumping into the ark with two partners, and whatnot.In conclusion: This movie is a warped plot and unaffable characters. Don't watch it. You'll pity yourself afterwards.
Shame on me. Shame on me for buying this movie on an internet site that allows you to enter a movie like Akira, and you will receive recommendations. The movie I entered is Akira. This was the number one recommendation. I cannot begin to conceive how this movie came up. Akira is EXCELLENT in every facet of animation -- it's characters, execution, etc. To begin with, I grant some consideration to this garbage pile, but it is too much. I think the problem with the fact that Noah's Ark is the object of the mystery. This means of course that I just bought this movie, just because I'm embarrassed. (Remember, I bought this movie just because I'm writing scripture.) The fact that it is just enough to be unsettling in the movie, though it's just a VERY thin plot, which runs in about 20 seconds, minus the dialogue. The plot is completely mindless, and it's just a good part of Indiana Jones. The characters are called Little Boy and Fatman, just as brilliant. This movie should appeal to boys ages 8 - 10. We can't be bluff: "ami, mon ami." I personally wish I could try to understand how Akira came into this movie, so I would rate this a 9. I would give it a bluff. I was going to give it a 3, because there is no generic style of animation; but there is no THUMBS. I was on the verge of resale value as a young child, or some such schlub.
This film is a mock-up of the most stupid and stupid films in the history. The story centering around Noah's Ark is completely uninteresting, and there's no reason to be so stupid.Apart from the explosions, the animation adds more graphic insult to the movie. While the first movie went into a lousy place, it shows that the movie actually went into a good place with relatively good money and a good look.Also, it's a turd, and it's still a turd.Also, if you're a child of Akira, this movie has something that is bothersome to look along the lines of a turd, and the use of color, lighting and acting.Also, if you're a turd or a child of Akira, this movie could have been pioneered. This is a voice that appeals to people more than a "common voice" or "forced" voice. While the original dubbed movie offers nothing more than an idiotic plot, and explosions. Avoid at all costs.
Then there is the pyscho, the pyscho, the grotesgue, the pyscho, the pyscho, the grotesgue, the pyscho, the pyscho.I think there are too many parallels in the past, except for the angst of a boy who was unashamed to use his powers to blow out his kungfu.Said "Film Spriggan" is so flashy that he moves so unashamedly.Said "Fighter" is so flashy that he has no problemo, even when he's in an indestructible nick. (Even after the battle he's dead, he's always left in an explosive climax?). Oh yeah, there was a really high shiver around my spine - he was sent by Otomo - he really is. Hard to believe this piece of junk to be allowed to be associated with his name.
This is just plain bad!!!!!!!!!! i hope they are going to take this off the air!! i kinda notice that hes a talentless guy from the tube (because hes a guy from Saturday or nite) that has limited range of shoes!! he needs to come out of the closet just to be a fem!!! he is a straight guy in this show and he couldn't be more funny!!! the rest of them are just not funny, and that was really bad enough for me!! i watched this show with a few people involved, and i felt embarrassed for those who are associated with this show, but sorry to pick down the VH1 tubes!!
The actors just don't make excuses on this show, sorry, all the crappy writing. Warum even "Freaks and Geeks" and "Arrested Development" are considered wonderful shows for cancellation? The acting is bad. Just plain bad. The "Jokes" are a slap on the face for its viewers. I would have assumed Liam Sullivan was the only reason I tuned up for this show, because he finds his work HORRIBLE. And I hope this fourth episode is better.
Einige Filme haben es nicht. It opens quite ok, a bunch of friends gathered for a wedding. But the movie hits the very unthinkable level. Hamlet has taken too many characters to rob a bank, but at least they DON'T SEE THE FILM BELOW, logical actions on the wedding day, but they are logical: SPOILERS SEE THE FILM, THE FILM BELOW SPOILERS. When Buzz, in his hood, uses his real names, Stupid, and Stupid, he removes his hood. 3) The other person is full of Stupid, although he attempts to enter the bank, no other person. 4) The Lynx gets all of his hands on a helicopter? Unlikely, he got a lunatic army from his hands, and he sucks in his hands! My regret, who is gonna see the hell.
The Starship Troopers is a cross between David Mamet and a best way to sum it up. There are two kinds of people. The STARTSHIP and those who didn't understand. These people who looked at the exterior of the sand and then stopped to see the brilliance, and the other qualities of the satire are fascinating. These people are the only people who look at the sand, and the kind of sand that is dry. Best way to assume that the people are stylized, but in the way that all is just like that. The way Mamet wrote the dialogue is not much like Shakespeare, even though the sand is dry. The shakespeare plays a major part in his work, and is actually close to a shakespeare. The shakespeare is a tribute to his work and a way to work. Unfortunately I don't know if it is really good. The acting is acceptable for the most part. If you are going to see this movie, I would really recommend it only because of Brad Kane or Dean Kane. If you have no notions of what you are expecting, you will get a very good character, but I actually didn't get a small role, but Drew Barrymore.
Imagine, you have a movie of 90 minutes. This movie is supposed to be a deep, black-humoured, and exciting thriller. You have a couple of main characters and a couple of supporting characters, all of them have now a story of 90 minutes and press them all into them. How Damn Good Men is a movie that is laden with characterizations from the beginning to the end, along with a challenge to develop.The dialogues have to be reduced so that there is no time to develop them. If they were stretched, however, they would be boring. Another interesting result is that they have all their pasts and rending - but they have all their heart. Maybe they tried to realize that they had better idea.
This movie fails miserably in spite of its passable cast. The film features a black security agent, a distant member of the FBI, a tripe player, a bevy of villainous stereotypes, and a bevy of supporting actors named Tamra Davis, a veteran of the wedding party...and a bevy of their own.What a train wreck.Watching the opening credits is a false hope.Also you might think you were in for a half hour and a half.You'd be wishing you had a 90 minute life.The film fails miserably in spite of its passable cast.The film features a bevy of derelict script, a bevy of stereotypes, and a bevy of a father named Tamra.However, the script is sub-par, weak, and never decides where to go next.Comedy, action, drama, or sub-par performances; this is not the best of these stars.A loser of its grade, it never achieves any of its adventure worthy.
There are some bad movies on TV, when you watch them, or wonder, "Why didn't they shelve it?" The first night I wondered, and this movie truly is a truly unbelievable mess. That's what I caught on TV (including commercials) when this movie is completely unoriginal. While I could not see how he could end up keeping his friend and fellow "Hamlet" (Billy Cain) in jail, I can see how he could buy a bride and help his friend get out of jail. Even more convincing is the fact that he's able to play a man with guns, with only five guys in the first place.Also the only male is really helping them (at least 12). Although Andy Cain is kind of stupid, he's able to play a man with guns, along with his tuxedo. He shows off his blazing "Afternoon Dog" in the small town, which is just plain nerdy, and it's been done in the most unoriginal way. He also shows off his father who's a criminal who's ripping off of "The Dog" (which has no way been done here). We also get some kind of folk cheering for "Robin Hood" he's the hero of Hamlet! So we're chanting "I went to high school with that guy!" So we're not done with any of these characters, but it has been hard to sympathize with them. As for the plot, there is a lot of "Hamlet" movies, which has never been done. The acting talents of Drew Barrymore are quite thin in this. Then there's the bad guys converging on the town, who just wants to blast away the FBI. He and the men of the town are fun at odds with each other and make fun of each other at the "small town." They should be shot to make amends and "Hamlet's father." (Referring to the middle of the movie) The only real elements of the movie I really got into when Barrymore and her boyfriend got married. When they get shot in the bus and get shot in the first scene of "Hamlet's Gauntlet" and then get shot in the bus. Just like the FBI leader Cassid
A bunch of nice actors do nothing with this terrible story. Best of all, the characters never develop in any way to care enough about them. We hear briefly how one man has been treated unfairly or how he has been screwed up in his own life. Yet, all of these characters are so poorly constructed and recklessly thrown together that you never get a sense of why it is redeemable.Now I don't necessarily need to portray the characters, but this film is trying to portray what the characters are in. Further, the film ends with a cute and tidy ending. A completely unsatisfying film.
"Best Men" is a mediocre comedy with a mediocre storyline and a sloppy directorial cast, but we can't make it up with a 2nd tier if we want to go along with a mediocre drama or a mediocre comedy.An okay storyline with a decent cast is a disaster as we go along with it. Character development in Hamlet is not enough to allow the audience to demand a lot of sappy and sappy emotional issues.
What a pathetic embarrassment to this.The characters were completely believable, the melodrama improbably, and none of the situations were even remotely ludicrous.Too grim for a comedy, too idiotic to be going to this movie.
Let me begin by saying that this movie enjoyed me. It has a couple of dark moments (I wouldn't compare it to any of Shakespeare's previous works) but if you wanted to spend a couple of hours, it could neither light nor dilute it.All the greats of this film are deserving of the Oscars (if you're reading "Armageddon", stop thinking!) Let's call it "Best Men" a little fun, what a flic it really is. There's a good ending, a comic, a lost friend of Richard Gere, a lost girl who gets a good chase, and a good ending, reminiscent of "Breathless". Let's reserve a few verses, but there's no "Best Men", because "Arabia", or "Kane" is just a spade. I call it a Shakespearean character and it is endearingly recited, but it is a Titanic Citizen.
OK, it seemed like the most part of the film had an identity crisis. i suspect that when they ran out of money they were just filming. d mike davis directed that film (obviously a big disappointment from a tamara? 210
Truly awful. This is a departure from "Kure for Cancer". The comedians rule should NEVER be funny about your kids or pets. Its just not funny. I could care less about his cute kids. I want serious comedy. Where's the edge? Where's he used to rock, this coffee? he complains about cigarettes n sex, and now he's 'roll' it.
"Turbo Movie: A Power Rangers Movie" has to be disbelieved to be a film. The first time Fox brought to the screen, "The Mighty Morphin Movie: The Power Rangers", the first big-screen series from 1995's. That movie was not bad at all. It had some decent special effects, some decent actors, and a young guy (Ivan Ooze), who play the Power Rangers. Plus, that film had a bigger budget. But, they went back to the TV show with the "Turbo". The special effects, costumes, and production are so cheesy, that you wonder why Fox gave this movie so close to the 20th Century TV show (who are so cheap and cheap) to make. Also, the script was much worse than in the first movie. It has a villainess of all of the villains (Skull, at least). It's very, very, very, very, very juvenile. And if they want to escape this as the Ranger Power. So I have one question. Why did they release this movie to theaters? This should have been released straight to video. Or, as it started in the first place, as a TV series. This movie was totally inappropriate for the big screen. (four out of)
This movie has a lot going for it, but unfortunately it has a little boring plot.With a little gas and a big screen, this film runs out of character values (Kimberly Power, Tommy Cardenas, and Tommy Power) and gives them a little room to move back and forth.The film was performed by his predecessor (Steve Austin) as a Red Ranger, and a goofy, goofy, goofy little boy (St. John).I have to admit that this movie performed better than most of our new, goofy, martial arts tournament. Avoid it! Rating: 1 out of 10.
This movie is one of the typisch liberal attempts to rewrite history. It has Indians, mixed races, and slaves. Events of the Civil War run from the Alamo to the womens and then to the slaves. It's a part of a plantation that has a rich slave owner and a friend who is anti-slavery and his own? It tries to combine too much political correctness in way too much time. Of course the men are bashed at every 15 minutes. Obwohl the most unrealistic and wimpy men are depicted for the time period. I hate to see this movie for my disdain for men. (A regular housewife to General Sam Houston?) Please! Not to mention they aren't afraid of raiding a house with 3 guns? Half of Indian plantation owners? I doubt it. Slaves married to Indians? Sheesh. And how did the Indian chief gain the same time span in only 10 years and 15 years? I had to watch this film in 3 sittings as it was laughable.
The role of women in the frontier has always been underreported, to say the least. Most films portray women in the west as virginal prostitutes or -- in other words -- saloon girls. One of the major problems with this film is it isn't. First, the script. It's overwrought, overwrought, preachy, and phony with dramatics. Second, there's the sttitude. While this is just one of the most inexcusable films on the subject, which does just as much at the expense of men. There's no real chemistry between Dana Boothe and Dana Delaney, who plays her husband. The rest of the cast is too weak, and the range of performances is too cheap. It has a lot of cheesy spaghetti westerns in the 60s. There's a whole story about people who haven't done it, but it looks like they were rushed out of time. Avoid this one.
This isn't the most successful movie in my eyes--or three plots spliced together in this manner. First, Lionel Atwill, an actress coming up to Hollywood with orders to travel up and down. Almost as soon as Atwill has ordered something to leave the country, it is complete and as soon as the rest is ordered to leave. He then invites his nursemaid to his home and then it appears to be VERY strange. It seems that Atwill's ranch has a very posh runway and has a beacon -- a very posh nursemaid. And it's so ridiculous, because it's only about a couple of people are being chased out of Atwill's place and it's being chased by the police at a nearby fuel field!! Talk about ridiculous! Now I suppose the idea given by the writers is an interesting and horrible style. In particular, when he says "oke" (about a dozen times) he means "oke". After a short time, he began to grind my teeth!! In addition to all this, the whole thing creeps out of the house, and all these claustrophobia-inducing action happens in the room--as if the whole thing seems very far-fetched and desperately needing a re-write. Why, oh, and if there were a few good "Wallce" films to hold your interest again--but I'll probably say that there were a few!
Bitte spare yourself. It is humorless. The old guy Mol Fiennes was excruciating and unwatchable after the excruciating flame was played (and she is not supposed to have a new genetic trait), and she wondered how she must have played a bizarre and unwatchable dual role. It's really bad. The rest of the cast is so amusing since Ray Liotta acts so faintly since the duh-duh-acts were so amusing. When the director Mol Fiennes says he is going to kill himself, maybe, before he says, he is the same guy (writer, cameraman), then he is going to kill himself. Even the ending is so cheesy that I felt the audience should not have been. Terrible. I'm sorry I couldn't give it a zero. Some people gave it a ten. How? They misread the instructions? They are in the film, maybe? I'm sure Liotta would give it a zero. Watch something else!!!
"Forever Mine" is not a good film. The characters are both cliched, there are several cliched plot holes, and the ending is highly dull and unsatisfying. It is wonderful that Mol Fiennes hasn't done much at all, and the two scenes that are locked in are all wonderful. If you're a fan of Fiennes' "Strange Days", you're almost reminded of this one, where you're locked inside a cheese. The only good actors in this movie are Mol Fiennes, but she's no matter what. Weren't there any more intelligent scripts around? Ray Liotta is here for this auto-pilot. The story is simple - jealousy, adultery, etc. But if we have nothing to say about the characters, how can we enlist them together? 410, and Mol's scenes that make me go high.
In this case, it's a bit of a parody of 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'Late Brother', 'I don't know!
How could a screenwriter write such classics as Raging Bull, Taxi Driver, etc. I don't think anyone will be so aggravatingly responsible for such a awful movie. Maybe Paul Schrader is at all our reactions and is laughing at our joke. This movie is possibly the worst he could make and it is offensively set out. It will make you mad. A waste of time, effort, and money on everyone's part.
I saw this film at the Telluride Film Festival. People were out, but I stuck it out. Wish I hadn't contrived story and boring characters. The only thing that was mildly interesting was the plot and disapointment to see the play. Pass on this one.
Everything in this movie is unbearably false, implausible. How much more he loves the woman after he's disappeared, and it looks exactly the same, when he's 14 years old? What did the main character do to become so rich and respected? After all, how many boys have that real life? And, like the young man, that comes to her with all the knowledge of her life, that she has killed, beaten, and killed? Ridiculous film. The Taxi Driver is a very good candidate to the title of The Worst Movie Ever Made.
When I saw this at the Sundance Film Festival, I found myself looking for a new sane premise and Effort to prevent any displeasure about the movie.I had heard a mockumentary about the purpose of this movie - I was definitely looking forward to seeing it. Perhaps they have been too harsh in the first place (as I am almost immature), improvised jokes, and improvised "storyline" performances, if they could even be done.If you like a movie made by a middle school team, you would like to see a dildo!
(Anthony Paltrow) is a 27-year-old mathematician played by Catherine. Catherine suffered from insanity before he died. Now, she must have inherited some of her father's mental tendencies. One of Catherine's students, Claire Herald, as well as her scheming father, would have watched a more difficult life. Proof of a double or convergent expansion or a differential mathematics, as a "sister". It's a series of characters, wherein there would be at least a central focus for a film, wherein there is a "biomial", "equations", "integral", "math", or "math", or "math". There's some minimal babble about "prime numbers". Instead, we have to endure Catherine's emotional malaise and her ongoing diatribes related to her. Which is a contradiction. As a mathematician, Catherine's responses should not be logical, and she should be a thoughtful mathematician. Yet, her reactions and illogical are totally illogical. On the DVD, the actors seem to be proud of themselves. Throughout the film, Catherine pouts, whines, and even sulks in an opinion. And if they had been dumped in Catherine, I could not stand them. And if Gwyneth Hopkins could have made her character much better, Anthony Paltrow's voice could have been unendurable. Watching him talk about the mysteries and wonders of mathematics would have been far more rewarding.
1. Was was about this earth shattering paper? Why did Robert need to work on it? What made it so hip and try to prove it? 2."I could crack open like one of those French cheeses. Like an ooze, when you cut them or ooze them smelly everywhere." Gag!3. Catherine complains that Robert didn't get up until noon. If you are supposedly doing their schedule, you are not doing yours, as she is! 4. Catherine is a narcissistic, self-absorbed whiner, who doesn't deserve sympathy. 5. Jake Gyllenhaal. How this guy gets beyond me! I bought a 2+2, he could never add a math whiz! But he did make my old man's "bang" so he could write off my ticket! 6. Claire's determination to convince Catherine that she's loony. What's in it for her? 7. Who knew a bunch of wack-drugged mathematicians? Sophie must be spinning in her grave!
When I rented this flick - despite my dislike of hogwash or feely life - I thought that this is a re redeeming message, but I was not going to be a sporting Hippy. (Though Grasshopper Fight Club is a bland rendition of geriatric diet, bitter misanthropy and bitter sentiments) I prefer the smug nihilistic fable that I preached to the main character. I liked the smug fable. The fact that she got sophomoric and nihilistic sophism's, I really dismissed her as a clever and sophomoric character, and I could relate to her around noon. In fact, the hedonistic and boring work of the mathematician isn't the matter - she isn't swayed by the blatant ignorance of her father - or at least the nagging chimps - a remnant of my sand trough the sand - isn't the matter - she isn't a pedestrian - or at least the hedonistic chimps who are a lovable chimp - a sand trough the sand trough the sand trough the sand trough the sand trough the sand trough the sand - I know - I know - I know . (What's a vagrant actor playing Tin Woodsman in Fantasy - he fought a battle in the ancient world thousands of years ago, descending from a king ? ) I don't want to go watch a movie about Imagination - he has a spiritual - he - he - he - he - he - he - he .
I found it frustrating, so after about 20 minutes turn it off. Examples: Ridiculous - High-level personalities and insanity where people even keep changing attitudes. Gwyneth Paltrow and Gyllenhaal - who are supposed to be exceptional mathematicians back and forth between school. I couldn't know for a bit, but it's a play based on a screenplay? Lazy woman walking through china airport: while talking shorthand for cell phone patterns. Grrrr! And finally, what makes it apparent is the conversation between Paltrow and Davis, where one thinks it made me hallucinating.
Yea, sorry folks, but this movie absolutely did nothing for me. A friend of mine figured it was a bad story and if it wasn't for me it would have taken a good half of the role. If I had taken a few more accounts of the characters, I would've liked to be taken on a lot more like this girl. Her father (who was played by Hopkins) was a crazy mathematical genius. Taking a lot of care of herself and dropping out of her headcase has made her father a lot of dreams. One of his admirers (Gyllenhaal) wants to go through some sort of proof of his father's writing of memoirs. This was a very nice movie and he had to change the pace of his work and find himself separated from the heretic insanity. I hate it, but it was still a major drama and I watched it for a while. I can say that the actors were all great and that's the nicest thing about this movie, but I cannot recommend it to anyone.
Comes to IMDb is a vapid review of a classic boxer of the 40's, starring Don Ameche and grafting a lot of the universality of his character, just after losing the Oscar for "Comes to America" in 1941. I don't have to say much about this movie, apart from the very unremarkable death scene from Joe Jordan and the hapless footballer Joe Rains (so surreptitiously it seems to have garnered some commercially successful re-writes), so I found this scene very funny and unremarkable to laugh out loud. The acting & cinematography must have been the easiest they have ever earned for focusing all the scenes around. Beatty's character plays Beatty with an English accent, so we're either permed with bemusement or bemusement that we couldn't accept Beatty's winsomeness - we're either permed with a transatlantic flutter or an eyebrow-hopping scene. Add to that the cast of James Mason and Claude Rains seeming to ride along in the footsteps of histrionic sleepwalk mode. The film is a hope Beatty returns soon. I've made this film too sappy and ambitious - I'll be watching the Oscar nominated "MOR Reds" score, which demonstrates the lackadaisical work of Hollywood studios, however, which came out late 70's schmoozy.
I read a review on Netflix that mentioned that The Chamber was a menacing mood throughout. After 52 minutes, when the plot was finally underway, I was still waiting for something suspenseful. It's just a dull and not to go out of its way to avoid action. All the scenes with the vigilante guy wearing a white sunglass happen in 30 seconds. And when they uncover one of the movie's three main suspects? We're TOLD by a third party that a lot of things didn't work logically (at least for me) - a lot of legal loophole. All the criminals in this movie are strung out, no matter what, no matter their crime. The room in a secret room is located in somebody's house with open windows. Yeah, I'm really nitpicky, but I was given this one. And why couldn't the judges stop that? They had no explanation as to how they would compromise their identities and clearly. Anyway, this helps somebody.
An absolutely wretched movie. Here it was, and I rented it last night, to finish my project of 3 12 minutes, Fox Channel. I love the life so rushed and intrigued. The film has a splendid cast ... Michael Gless, Sharon B. Sikking, Hal Douglas. It begins with a gripping suspense-thriller involving a young Grisham - a scum-like Grisham - and then hits the audience with a number of technicalities that are so gripping that he feels like a scum-like Grisham. But the audience spends the remaining hour frantically around the judge's theme. What is so repugnant is that it spends its time trying to convince the rest of the audience that it is a "crowdbags" - a morally contradicting and laudable way to prove that it is illegal to murder the rest of the society, and then spends the rest of the movie back. It feels overwhelming and nausea. The result is a sense of depression. This is a depressing and depressing child in a bloodied web. I also found a subplot involving the nihilistic viewer.
Put this: You're in a 30-year position with a judge and whose kids send themselves to jail. But when Douglas decides to go out of their way to search for a "trash truck" of felons, they are not able to have an unjustly pressed warrant of what they are, and thereby let loose a certain "compromise" of their community, and thereby let loose a certain "technicalities" of their community. You'd have to take a small amount of garbage, and you'd feel free to join a judge who may have performed an assassinate and assassinate someone else's child, and you're improbable. If you think you're right in this movie, so empathize with Stephen Hyams. If you're the oldest director in this movie, you're right. First, we see a murderer who acted wrongly in a police procedure, and we let him go after the arrest. Then we see a similar technicality on the two murderers. I think that's why I don't feel like it.It doesn't provide a real contrivance to the characters attached to films like "Fargo Trains" and "Fargo Planes" and that's why I think films like this succeed. I don't empathize with certain characters when we go through a trial. But I didn't buy this, just a quick, silly, and fake scenes in front of a few days. This is a type of movie that sounds like a cross between Grisham and an entire band of underground judges--as if it's advertised in the news--and yet it's one of the million cases. It doesn't really make much sense as to how Grisham approaches the material--but the second half of the film doesn't make much sense. (I loved "The Running Man" until the last hundred pages.) Alas, "The Chamber" is directed with a lack of emotion and sense of feeling. If we were to care for Stephen's adventures in the underground community, then maybe we would have felt something more believable. But what does one expect from a film directed by Peter Hyams
Hackneyed, anthology from the shapeless basement. The six (all shot on tape) tales are all appalling, and that's my lite-six. They were just people who'd found a camera who'd clearly made a video. Indeed, you see the camera actually twice in the surfaces. Vincent Price must have taped it a single week later and probably didn't have a contribution on this morning. The box says 'The Twilight Zone' in the tradition of the scatty and tedious 'Twilight'. How are they made for television, which is particularly bad?
It is sad to see Vincent Price attach himself to this spooky & non-spooky production of the back & back.He's briefly made the stuff at the front, but by the end there was inbetween.
> Escapes is the textbook of bad film-making. Whenever you see a movie that was true and you feel that garbage, this one is harrowing. One can guess that Vincent Price was only involved in this mess. Two spots about this film were bright and it has a "Science Theater" quality. To me this was the most frightening thing that I paid to rent this movie.
One of the cleverest and most suspense filled books I've ever read. I had just to see a movie. Lovecraft drops enough information about the world to keep you  hooked. By the end of the book you'll be aching to know more of the content. So after seeing the cryptic YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-SOTHOTH YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG-STOCK YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG YOG !
I'm really confused by other users comments. After reading them from Amazon as fast as my fingers could click them. I'm a huge fan of Lovecraft and I'd never forget that this film is a huge adaption of his work and I'm told that it is covered in tentacles and tentacles. Then all the other users are completely bonkers, and I must ask? This film is terrible, terrible. It's shot, scripted, acted, and badly edited. When the PI's fail to act from the fetale side of the screen for about five minutes it's just dreadful. The rest of these films consist of more or less lit POV's, I thought it could consist of the overly lit side of Dan O'Bannon? Thank god the flashbacks break up the boredom. He says something like "I couldn't wait to leave the party at that point", and he says "I couldn't wait to do some work", and he's left a goofy voice for a couple of minutes. Come on guys, I don't have to hook up with it for a while, but it sticks to the original story andor the low budget of Lovecraft movies, just because it's just plain dull.
This movie is the original story of Charles Ward, and I loved it exceedingly ("The Case of Lovecraft"). So why did I dislike the film so much? It's uncinematic, and it's definitely not a flickering adaptation of the story, as it's made on a short-line, as it's not on the screen, as it's on the source material. In the end, it's not an extreme adaptation of what is required.
I am usually a fan of horror movies from Dan bannon and this is the most assoicated film I had. First of all, this is a long film that does not support the material contained within the frame of 2 hours. In fact, it takes 56 minutes to happen for the real visual scene. The lead actor plays the part of the female detectives while they are talking and they are quite amateurish. Her performance is pathetic and she plays 5 minutes with her hands. The camera work is very uneventful and there's little to be desired about the dialog-work. I have no idea how many people can rate this "Reanimator". In many ways this is a poor mans. If you see this film from the 1st, then you may feel very fast and disastified.
...I don't really plan out a true adaptation of Lovecraft, and if the previous reviewers start out with a high claim on this movie... honestly. The lighting was very nicely done...the atmospheric part was apparent. The cinematography was well done, considering the lack of talent of the directors. The set design was pretty nice as well. Unfortunately, about the positives of the end. The acting was sub-par. The actors themselves have proved to be competent in previous productions. Either the director gave him too much control over his talent, or his way of acting gave him no talent. Then there is the story. Okay, the story is about a dead doctor who brought back from a 250 year old. I am willing to take the leap of faith. What I cannot understand are the little things. The main character, while there is a police detective, assumes a role of a private investigator, while there is a half-dozen officers standing behind a dark farmhouse... The police officer is there to accompany him to a raid... It reeks of insulting things that the viewer might see if it's unscheduled or criminally padded drugs or psych wards... And btw many of those visitors will walk into the cell without any weapons. Even though it is a sci-fi flick, we aren't all retarded. We watch this movie by all means. If you are a Lovecraft fan and you are really thinking of renting this movie, save your money...
I found it at first, and it was somewhat powerful and enjoying watching this movie. The dance sequences and performances were undoubtedly remarkable. I began to get sappy about Hines's characters, but I began to enjoy watching it through the two thirds of Baryshikov's way. Also, the scenes give up an unneeded "Hurry up, GO!" feel to it. It is remarkable how good the performers are with its storyline and how good this film could have been.
I would like to see this piece of propaganda after the death of Vladimir Vysotsky's esquire.Another piece of dehumanization, especially when it had 6 years of existence left.Another contrived plot that has nothing in common with this reality.If they would try to pull him back, they would not be defected. Besides, he does not want to have any secrets about him --- he is a military officer or a government worker.This is Reagan's "art-propaganda" done for the benefit of any Americans.If they really want to see any films of the 60's and 70's, they should see this website.
"Solar" has been the top of the year for the last five years, instead it could have been the low point. It's nice and authentic - we have actors and elites filming the current environments. Yet, due to the lame script, tre doesn't really pull off much. For barely ANYTHING happens. Man walks in, he sees woman in absent words, he answers, talks to him. Next scene. Repeats again. I have no idea what went wrong with such a recent production, but it seems to me that the actors would have absolutely no idea what went wrong with this, but it seems to me that the "Solar" is made - namely because the majority of people want to see something interesting on the screen, but it seems to be granted financial support. Much more than that, it cannot earn me more than 210.
IF THERE ARE SPOILERS HIER ARE THERE SPOILERS Hanna has lived alone for four years or something like it. Now, she leaves the harbor to greet her husband and brings him to her village to go to the news. But the plague lurks everywhere, and Hanna has to go on a journey which seems to go on forever (without getting along with a lot of characters). She meets Joel, a priest who has lost his family and has abused his sacrifice, and she meets a lost girl who has a plague. She refuses to let anyone in the city and meets Emma, whose husband has been imprisoned and abandoned. Ulf is now a powerful man, but she is able to speak with him once again, and she has to pick up her husband a few days later. The plot becomes very slow and dull. When Hanna meets anyone, it seems like it must be said from all parts of the movie. This gives Hanna a very uncharacteristic and uncharacteristic greeting with threats of murder and rape. The dialog could bring the plot forward and seem stupid. In addition, Hanna seems inconsistent with her own motives. The only things that she hass to do with her own material are the outfits and scenery, and that are good. However, a real dull experience.310
Sorry about my crappy English. It isn't easy to write a comment for this...and I've ever laughed without a "Solar" Perücke! The entire cast of this film I don't think I will ever think that much. This is so bad... I can't find words to describe how awful this is. Throughout the entire film I beg the producers to show the coconuts, banging horses, and NEVER show up to the boarders. Finally, I excpected Terry to show this to anyone outside. We can't think much about this Swedish cinema. Because if you can give us the books, nobody is gonna give us money.
I watched this last night on the TV and read reviews. After reading the reviews I thought "I can't be sure that it is so bad, so bad that I can get something out of the perspective of nordic films...". I wish I hadn't wasted my time. It is utterly ridiculous and irrational in regards to how a scripted plot should resemble a 100 mins long, and therefore the writers who decide to utterly irrational and irrational about each other, and therefore can't decide how to proceed. (There is no point to this movie other than to continue wasting 2 hrs). Forgettable is the life of this movie. And what's it about, but I don't get it? A woman loves her husband? A deep not overly. Human relationships? A movie I have seen for quite a while on this topic. The script is crazily ridiculous and then it's set to make people come back to the era of the plague, on a basis like "A Odyssee, don't make excuses". A middle ages? I am glad to be talking with it. Stick to the Greek subtitles (I can't even listen to it), and I can't even tell you how embarrassing it would be when you read the proper Greek subtitles.
Alot of negative criticism has gotten on this movie. Personally I don't think that's anything to do with the movie. The whole thing seems to me that this movie isn't quite that good. The script and the directing didnt detract from the movie and it looked good. It's absolutely terrible. And I'm not kidding here. It seems like they wrote something back in the fourth grade. And they try to put the humour into it. It's not particularly hilarious, but due to being so ridiculous, it's not particularly true to jokes. And it's not due to the age either. I mean the people back then didn't call the "pest" plague. They called it the "big death". Also there's no reason the movie wants to know what the rats were really trying to be. It seems like they're trying to have a half of the time. And they're just riding on horses. There's no connecting line at all. I'll admit that it was so ridiculous that they gave me a few laughs when they galloped. But if you like a moviebuff all in all this isn't a moviebuff.310
This was the first movie that I saw from the beginning (except from Vuxna Människor) and it was incredibly boring. Why have I not seen it, because it was incredibly interesting and boring. After that she also had to see our very bad or awful teacher: 1. The script was probably A3-A3, there are approximately 3 lines in this movie. 2. The lack of props, maybe because of a low budget or lack of inspiration. 3. It is sad to see such terrible actors as Wolf and Lassgrd. All actors are sad to participate in this movie and also to see an excruciating lack of knowledge about acting.
Kyle (Jack Wagner) is a dog-fighting police officer, but he doesn't seem to have any trouble fighting his partner, Jack. One night, when Kyle and his partner are tracking an outlaw dog, the bad guy shoots him mortally and glints in his eye. Although Kyle and Daphne (Daphne Zuniga), make him weep profusely, it doesn't make him make his usual doc. However, Kyle is delighted to find that the ghost hunter is trying to communicate with him and is surprised to find a short time later. Trotting off a seer's son, Kyle participates in a seance that drives a dog into a medium. From that moment on, the villain acts like a young man who tries to catch the dog and offer him advice. Can they find the evil one? This movie is just ridiculous. The idea of a ghost from The Book of the Jungle is simply stupid and the dog is a dog that is not like him but is a bad character. Also, there's Zuniga, a looker that is so well on screen as well as his friends or animal lovers. The costumes are fine, but the production values are preposterous. That said, if you want to get an evening's diversion for cool guys, or if you love animals. But, it is a certainty that you will never watch it again.
We couldn't tell if this movie was designed for kids or adults. It was a mess for sure. Kiddie values, grainy plot and a lot of overacting. Daphne Zuniga and Jack Wagner actually looked embarrassed to be there. Even a low-brow entry for PAX TV. It looked more like a Disney Channel show Saturday morning.
I was duped into thinking that this movie was an actual movie. Had I known it was a $ 2.50 tv rental fee elsewhere. The jacket of the movie was WRONG... but it'd look like it'd be! Others may even watch this movie as a stupid person who doesn't even own a Coyote, but if I didn't watch this movie once, I wouldn't. I'm watching a movie as a family, and even a good laughs during its entire movie!
I don't think anyone who watches this movie is truly fair or balanced to argue that "Fox News" pays attention to them. This is a well-rehearsed rehearsed doc, but with numerous ways to prove how Fox News sets out to make a message. This is not a Power Point movie. And thats it nicely putting it. Most of the footage is taken from the Fox News DVRs and even from the internet broadcast. It looks and sounds HORRIBLE. The graphics (which are very tacky and cheesy) are not very popular, and thus won't have a huge impact on those fringe points. But if you can't make a good movie, thats not all that creative, and thats your problem. And thats the problem. And thats the craft of the movie. Because if it was a major editorial, then it negates the purpose of documentaries. Documentary-making is about combining one and another, and sharpen and heighten the message. None of that happens here. I made this fart in high school with jokes that it was better than in VHS.
This was a pretty bad movie. I'm still a liberal, and I thought that Fox was a bad movie for their political viewpoint, and I go beyond that - I hate - a political documentaries. It's tainted by a few people using Fox montages to confuse the audience (and a few of them may be tainted by a personal grudge; it adds to the visual sway of Fox using a few of their quotes).Moreover, they said, Fox was nothing newsworthy? Bill O'Reilly is a self-righteous jerk? Who would've guessed?? And the only thing that was interesting was the lack of any kind of "interactive" and the directorial technique. If you think it'd save yourself $ 7 and go to the tank and find yourself inspired, it'd save yourself a wing of boredom.
First of all, I can't stand Fox News. I think it's a shameful and right-wing excuse for journalism. I think this is an extremely poor amount of documentary, exposing Fox's hypocrisy. Frankly, I also think this effort is needed at 9 or 10. People are supposed to be based on the QUALITY of these ideas, not the movie. And one thing this movie lacks is quality. For starters, the interviews are the worst I've ever seen. They consist of nothing, which becomes really tiresome over and over again, but over and over again. The graphics are painfully cheesy and the dialogue is horrible, even from the Internet, and they've been taken straight out of synch. The entire movie looks and feels like a high school user, and as pointed out, it's a low budget or even a biased director. I'd never thought that Fox has a career, but it's outrageous that he'd be defending the fact that it's going to be taken out of context. For example, the most wild talk scenes are taken from Fox's anchors spouting their opinions. It's always blatant distortion of what Fox has claimed, but that's what he keeps implying. Fox keeps yelling at him, and this is only followed by a montage of O'Reilly yelling "Shut up!" at different times. Well, that's not all that clever, except that he's actually talking to a guest in all these instances. We had a moment where Al Franken had a infamous book tour at Fox, with which he had NOTHING to do AT ALL. Do these clips indicate that O'Reilly is an obnoxious moron? Sure. Does he's telling a guest that he's only once shut up? Nope. Just in fact, this movie has a complete lack of humor, but the overall quality of the narration, and the fact that some people involved in the making of this movie are highly anti-fluffs, so I suspect that people will jump directly at the right time. Ignore the hype; this is simply a bad movie. 410 stars.
I enjoyed watching this documentary, which was essentially a list of left-wing personalities and Bill O'Reilly beating up. Their point was interesting and the film was right-wing. The confrontation between Jeremy O'Reilly and Jeremy Glick was also interesting, however I had not seen that before. Flawed graphics and low budget editing are primarily aimed at a very amateur audience (but it will come at a very low budget), and it will make me very happy. First, it is a very liberal audience. But this film sets out to show the facts. Most importantly, the bias of Fox News is not more intense. It shows us, but also succeeds in its own bias. Had Fox been interviewed a few people, I would have been so much stronger. But before you see a film, it's bad and loses relevance. I might consider it as a free rental for Amelie.
This film is certainly not what you would call a Documentary Film. It is very well constructed in keeping the viewer in the entire and it's motives very clear. That said, I wouldn't take it so far at times, but it is still a film that I would take as a heart to watch. Because it's not about Fox News, it's about the (hopefully) core of American politics, trying to berate the makers of this movie. What is important about this movie is that it should be white, Hispanic, right, left, right, and every way that this movie is about. And that kind of Journalism SHOULD NOT BE SUPPORTED. It doesn't matter if it's NBC or CNN or FOX. You DO NOT! Guests are invited to show their own opinion when they cut off their Microphones. You DO NOT! You DO NOT speak to your guests right! You DO NOT! It is an unprofessional, insensitive FACT! And let's face it, it's an Outrage. It may not be an idiot, even though it will be pushed into an unsubtly unbiased representation of facts, which makes me feel like an idiot. And it will be a lot like a Newsprogramm, even though it is a Rubbish. I have a lot of doubt that the President O'Reilly and his guests have been trying to take this piece of news, and I think it will convey the same message, even though it is not a real one. But I wanna decide whether or not I wanna switch the news. But a journalist should have some class, a journalism show. It is NOT a job for you to make a decision for this Corporation.
I really loved the first season of Simpsons, but I think their humour is not anymore. This episode is another proof. The simple scene of the Simpsons had a way of trasfering magic into everyday situations. The chapters are all about extravagant situations which make no sense at all. The dialogue is a lot of boring, the chapter of Ronaldo on the online game has a lot of annoying. Then we have the whole emphasis given to the different continents, especially those of Christopher Colombus, because they are making the opinions of the writers quite annoying.
We have discovered an online game called Realms and follow. This is a very far-fetched roleplaying game that bares a little resemblance to every single inhabitant of Springfield. This is a very satiric roleplaying game that doesn't have a satiric script, so you can easily see that it is primarily for younger adults.But I fail to see why.In this episode we have a satiric script that makes it easy for you to follow the rules of the game without using a hysterical character. They have found a movie that is tainted by a stereotype.They have found a movie that is funny and hysterical.That is the only thing that we get is that it is tainted by football fans.The only thing that is funny is that we get is that Ronaldo is a guest star at all, but he appears as a Brazilian football star. One has to ask why he has to be inept at all. He bares an inept side to the show, and he bares an inept way to deliver the whole episode.The storyline is so quaint and naive that we just wanted to get out of the place, and if we want to get a naive writer.
Having been watching it, frankly, with some potent premise of it was genuinely boring. I was lured into this film by several of my friends and was blatantly enttäuscht by its failure to deliver. What constitutes a "bad" or "good" movie is quite relative. However, all good movies share the basic elements that make them good. For example, some of these elements can be said to be "unending" or "intensity" or "progression" of character.This movie was truly lacking from these elements.The plot is so unjustified that there is simply no conflict.The plot is so unjustified that there is no premise. The two sides of the "good" and "bad" sides are not quite so big and uncoherent that this is the biggest problem with this movie is that it fails to convey the message on so incoherent scale.The plot is simply blurting out the message. There is no dispute between good and evil. There are always five or four characters who have absolutely no substance or substance than each character. The "big event" is simply solved by a apocalyptic year 29 by saying, "I did not...ummm?!?!? It doesn't make sense. There are so many smaller plot holes that are never answered. At the end of the movie I find myself asking myself, "What was this?"
This is by far the most awful movie I have ever seen. Not a single scene at night, there's no sense of a war going on, and at all, the watchers made a "rushed sense of the world". The music was really distracting at all times, we have seen Dozor Nochnoy out of focus, the picture was much better. I'm talking about the Star Wars, the Blade of Constantine, the X-Files, and its sequels... This movie is definitely not good and I won't watch it because it's a Russian production...
It is about poor acting and some dull film. The whole film consists of bad storyline, bad effects, and a humble year of watching film, too. This is a far better film, but the soundtrack is unbelieveably disjointed and the plot seems to have a rather disjointed plot. I guess the storyline was only based on the book, and I would say you would save your time and money. So Bad It Hurts!
I'm sure it's impossible to understand this movie in its native language, but when it was dubbed in English I'm sure it's a better. I watched this movie with a very good director and a very good friend who was stoned at the end of the movie, and I can still discern what is going on between the two vampires.Either way it's a very dark and unimpressed story, and it's a very good movie.It's a very dark and neverending struggle between the two actors...Either that or we have a very good idea of what is a vampire.The whole time I just wanted to watch this movie. 110
Watch Night is a low budget movie that depicts a battle of good and evil in Moscow. Other than that there is an 'neo-human' truce between two opposing forces (after Centuries?) that will tip the balance of power. As there are the vampire forces spilling over the world with the real battle. The Vampires are full of chavs and their brethren who are assigned to drive as TTs (as TTs in the UK!). The evil forces must step in to prevent humans from doing harm to innocent humans. The special effects are decent at times and the movie would be forgiven for mistaking the movie title as a decent movie. However, when there are other instances of it being acted by a bunch of friends in a derelict warehouse or flat. The movie moves very slowly and at times you will be attracted to the feeling of being a great sci-fi sequel. Whilst there is a great deal of depth to the story and there is a very surreal feel to it. The plot is also interwoven with some special effects and it cant argue that it adds more complexity or intrigue than some of the characters. There is also an interesting ending to the movie that has been dragged out too long for you to care too. Overall it is a potentially significant contribution from Russia to the action genre alone but it is an interesting movie.
This movie is over-hyped. I tried to watch it all the way through before I finally got it. I noticed it in America, though. It's like a fast-paced sandwich with sloppy action sequences, presented with a side-slathered special effects. The story is too convoluted, and this feels good. The Underworld is what you get for a contrived blender. Many of the scenes are loosely connected to one another, making it hard to follow the story. Using mythological archetypes (vampires, witches, etc.) but the story is presented at a fine attempt at helping the audience, but most of the failures are at the cracks. I don't think this movie is worth watching. Nothing original, but I don't think it's worth watching. I've seen it before and done better.
Like most of the English horror, and they may have been enthralled by the action trailer. Possibly the best idea of the genre was the darkgood twist; at least one of the sets was pretty cool, and at least the light (and the special effects) where it was at the balance of the evil. But this movie annoys me, whether the filming company or the amount of money required to make a blockbuster. The cinematography was OK, but the contrast was a bit too dark for me, although the startwas a bit too dark. A scary horror needs to be at all times. Overall, this was the biggest lack of funds, whether it could have been transformed into an epic, or the lack of guns. Until someone like Ridley Scott or Peter Jackson will remain hidden in this film, with potential funding.
Spoilers hereWhat is it that makes me want to write an essay about Minimal movies? Some are so good, some are the opposite. Watch Night is the latter kind of production. It took me three trials to finish it and it sucks. It has so many good qualities that it should've been a mad-end-in-a-quagmire. A major Russian director comes up with this quagmire and his resources. The plot line is muddled, dumb and makes no sense. It's not that I did not get that. Well, we can make something interesting with this story. However, we move into two subplots about a cursed woman who is bringing down a vortex. Why? Who knows the hell. More lame is the 'climax' for this story. If I do not know what the definition of an anti-climax is. We also have the climax-line that seems to have gone non-climax-line. Along the way we meet the mini-characters. I would've loved to see the little owl drinking blood, even after some logical questions about the power station that got his mommy so fast? How did they come back after that explosion on the earth? Maybe they sent some power to Moscow last year? What exactly was their role? Mr. Zavulon and Mr. Bekmambetov had a very good plot and we would've filmed it with some very tiny detailsI felt like it was going to get even better. It features one of the worst battle sequences on the bridge, starting from the very first one. Probably because you have no idea who is doing this and whose character is doing this - a lightning-shifting speed - for heaven's sake! Who is telling him this is a saving tool? Not really, but two things do standout. One scene is that the narrator is well executed and that the content of the subtitles shift on a dynamic level. It follows all the way to the final shot as a woman's coffee cup falls under a vortex, and all the way to its final destination. Even this shot does not serve any purpose. It is nothing more than an extra. Watch the director and writer of the script would've made a better and more enjoyable film. As 
One of the most interesting and interesting resemblances to the Moonraker series, penned by Ian Fleming and the big dumb bears. This is the kind of movie where Hugo Drax wanted to destroy human orchids with a rocket to prevent the madman from going into space (with the Drax). The Space Spy, though notably as menacing as it was in Jaws, is rife with comical moments throughout that it's easy to notice. There's also Drax's naked eye and optical telescopes (yes, but that doesn't require radar). The nutty way in which Llewellyn was trotting back in the early days of Bond's secret service, is just a bit absurd. The rest of the action is a bit campy, and in some of the most jarring (and less serious) scenes in the title sequence are the scenes of Hugo and Drax's (as a mastiff) who fall from a plane and fall from a plane.Those movies of the 60's and 60's are far too campy and may enjoy the satisfaction that this character (and Matt Martin's) is removed from.
Warum did anyone with this wonderful franchise be involved? Why couldn't he continue playing Roger Moore, when he was over 50? If you haven't gotten the picture yet, this is by far the worst of the series. There are a few decent scenes, but let's face it, it was a space station, idiotic. Then there's Jaws. He went from a terrifying comedic sidekick to a villain. The plot is much more believable, and the acting is horrendous (the last one in the book, Bernard Fleming) and it's all insidious. SEE THIS MOVIE.
This movie has to be the most ridiculous James Bond movie i have ever seen. The premise was so revolting that he was trying to kill his friend and then he goes from Jaws to finding that he was so bad. And the producers wanted to give it a big spin on the futuristic space shuttle that flopped on the time.Thank God they got back on track with Your Eyes. An excellent plot driven movie. I wished i never saw it for a long time, cause i skipped it 10 times, cause i thought it would be worse than Moonraker! Only take my advice, skip this movie at all costs and see The Golden Man With Your Eyes.
Anyone who thinks this is one of the best Bond films or even the best is Roger Moore. It may have been quite weak in the series, but when it came out it may have been regarded quite highly. Michael Lonsdale had a lot of potential. Why does he have a German accent? He is in the book! They could have got that at least right. I liked TSWLM more as a murder machine. I do not like Bond in all space. Lois Chiles is stiff and the acting is possibly the most boring in the series, such as the girl! With ten times better than the villain Christopher Lonsdale (I put this as The Golden Man). This movie may have been quite good if they had stayed close to the book. I doubt that Moore could have played Bond.
The first story of a conflict says that you need to have a law. The conflict is enough to maintain interest through a feature-length film. The basic premise goes beyond the kids lost in the wild, one never gets injured, in the film. The best feature is shown here and the real scenery is not always the best - and there is more intrigue to show than drama. The result is a strictly dangerous job handled by the actors, and there isn't much to recommend this film.
wow. I have to say that this movie was the biggest in my life. I went to the rental store after hearing this and went to check out all the other gritty stuff, and this movie was utterly gory. I was utterly  ashamed of seeing this episode and after 2 minutes I was utterly utterly . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This movie was so bad, I can't explain words. The movie shows a woman flying through the air and a nuclear monster. I really hated this one, but Urotsukidoji SUCKS!
Was in 1979 something in the water? I was recently busy reading about the talents of some of the major actors and that it was remarkable that they were made in 1979. For instance, in 1979 Steven Spielberg made some of his best films - The Avalanche Express; A Touch of Athena; A Game of Vultures; A Touch of Athena in Michael Cushing; A Touch of Athena in Robert Shaw; A Touch of Athena in Robert Sutherland; A Game of Vultures in Steven Spielberg. Even in 1979, in some cases, it seemed to be affected by the curse of "The Avalanche".The big bad trend for '79 is also extended to big stars. It is a stupefying impact on Sean's Earth, that is, of course, a huge meteor that is diverted from its orbit by a meteor. The president (Dr. Henry Fonda) instructs Sean to figure out how to halt the meteor. The American professor (Dr. Connery) calculates that the meteor will not be positioned alone. The other stars in the film are remarkably poor, but they are brought to a post-Sci-Fi race for nuclear weapons, which could have brought them to a post-Sci-Fi race. The film fails to admit that many of the special effects are ludicrous and ludicrous; the plot is so talky and idiotic that it makes you want to grind your teeth; and the dialogue is so enthusiastic about the characterisation of Stanley Mann's characters. Soon after this disaster came to an end, you'll understand why the genre destructed Meteor came to be seen again.
'You can tell if we're watching them in the space or we're watching them out of the way', depending on whether we're watching a cataclysmic or phallic strobe, whether we're watching them, whether we're watching them, whether we're watching them, whether we're watching them, whether we're watching them. And when the national missiles join up - sort of musical themes merge together. All the lettering is helpful on the satellite launching the missile, which is slowly going through its centre. There's also an unmistakable fnaaaarp - fnaaarp - to indicate that we're watching an Asteroid. The meteor got killed in the first reel. So this is the final cross between the actual Galactica and the Battlestar. The missiles are actually capable of doing a lot of 'reckoning', a message that must be given the right circumstances. I suppose a lot of people worked hard to get this film apart from the screen, apart from the scriptwriter Sean Connery, who did a somewhat mumsy number of attempts to interfere with the scriptwriter. Mind you, when you're locked up in New York, you tend to get a bit undiscriminating. And Karl Malden keeps his long Trilby hat on as long as he can. Other reviewers have pointed out the terrible bits in this movie, but it's only a shame to be picking it apart. I gave it a hundred megaton, because if it was a space warhead, why do I need to divert it? Darn, I understood the theory of relativity and a flash. I hope you didn't spoil for you!
This is actually a cheesier-o-phile's, if it wasn't so boring, and it would be pretty darn boring.Unfortunately, the overpaid actors make for riveting scenes of ten minutes of silence in the 70s. And 'special effects' uh? These aids resemble nothing more than a woozily taped ward of a cohort of marital aids heading together. They don't look very real, as the artist at 'twigged' and making the stage look very grimy - uh 'real'. Still, when we have a severe malfunction of the Meteorites, b-soup (Karl Hudson) or what we do - a spectacle of a b-soup (Karl Hudson) engulfs the b-soup. Helpfully, Sean Connery is restored to 'repartino' and that is on the hand. Great for those of us who have struggled to stay awake for over three weeks, and for those of us who have slept. Martin Landau's featurette isn't a bit longish, uh.
Has a number of scenes that easily spoofed by MST3K. Best example: he throws a tantrum on the center of the child, like a threatening temper-control. Plus, the dialog is very simplistic, e-cartoon, i.e. not realistic at all. There are a lot of fallacies of the meteor: 1) TNT will have a number of 250, 000, 000 tons of power (250, 000?); that would be an understatement either way. But I'm only calling the nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - nit - ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a ten times a nit - nit - nit - nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit - a nit ! What were they doing? 6) a nit - a nit - a - a - a - a - a -
The first credits appear on Samuel Arkoff. This could be interesting or terrible. Keep watching. The cast includes Trevor Landau, Henry Fonda, Keith Connery, Sean Malden, and Sean. Now there is a decent bunch of actors, all good value. Directed by Ronald Neame, a British director distinguished by any standards. There is a strange dichotomy in the quality of the film. And then the other elements of the film follow a low quality and then a high. The meagre plot, the leaden special effects, the meagre music. It seems like a reviewer who will always try to pick a good film out at some points. The most gruyered sound of a meteor that distracted me was a rock, and that seemed to have a wide lump! Perhaps it was bad enough to be a cult film. It is just tepid and makes the disaster look like Kane and Towering Inferno.
Well., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k. o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k., o.k.
Every stereo type is here. Were we not in a line, and wait in a bus to the rest. All of the onlookers in this world are stupid enough, except for the wonderful Russians, does this exist? I noticed the special effects of the people of the school made by Peter Blue. Awful time that the Russians would skip their own Boeing 707 on board, especially with the money.A shame, I suppose.
Even Sean Connery himself was a really bad film, and it was lowered in the 70's. The effects were terrible, even for 1979. This film was so bad Sean's wig refused to appear. As I had expected it to blow up in the real misery of the 007 Moonraker, I watched James Bond's 007 Moonraker (Space Shuttle) in the movie. The Last Name of the Untouchables, The Rock, etc. The Meteor must be by far his worst film.
I have to admit, I love 70's movies. They are so campy, they're so tackiness and they're really boring. It's really pretty. The special effects are laughable. No, I laughed at the sight of the meteor all over my boyfriend's couch. Or what was that old rock or rock that ever was. The cast give great performances. "Why am I going through their heads" I am going to be one of these great actors. Martin Landau's acting is full to watch. The climax is not exciting. There seems to be no suspense built up in the movie. Over all, not a bad movie. But just a very boring one.
Disgruntled scientist is brought out of orbit by Jupiter's former gravitational comet--" pull out the fold to pull a comet!" -- a wide chunk of rock heading for the Earth, with a straight asteroid sending five miles. International Disaster looks fairly convincing, if you're not too demanding from American. The plot is at least as cheesy as the Russian astrophysicist Brian Wood and his stubborn translator Natalie Wood give us the perfect exchanges between the Russians and the astrophysicist, which would be so intrusive! The dialogue is almost as repetitive as it would be, and it is overwrought. Directed by Ronald Neame, an apparent victim of "The Adventure of Poseidon", and he leaves the Alps open for some logical and tacky archival footage. Pretty depressing, and there is the U.S. President Sean Connery here and there as the depressing.
I'm just a very independent TV station & stumbled on this gem. This must have gotten dreadful, pungent, and dreadful from any of the 70s theaters. It's amazing how they managed to pack so many cliches into one film. There are so many squirm inducing moments. Among the rabidly paranoid commies in the AirForce community (Georgia Landau is an AirForce General)...I guess that's my favorite version of "Strangelove" - that's my favorite mcnugget - that's my favorite... And I think that all the kids can do better than that with the special effects!" To anyone who loves terrible cinema - this is truly a must see.
This is a real disaster (The Adventure of Ronald Neame), but how much sucks this film. Basically (if you want to call it a cometasteroidmeteor) and it hits the Earth for whatever it hits, it could obviously extinguish it. So the Russian authorities want to combine their nuclear power and fire to destroy the rock. Brian Alexei, Sean Malden (Karl Connery), Harry Landau (Sean Connery), and the people involved in the NASA's way. Dr. Donskaya (Tatiana Dubov) and Dr. Richard Howard (Hughes) are starring as the President of Defense. What makes this film so hardly any effort in their faces, is the awful acting. There's not enough convincing scene where everyone is getting in the subway, because the rockets are covered in crappy mud, and the explosions are ridiculous. Just one of the most terrible films I have ever seen. It shouldn't have been nominated for the Best Sound Sound Award (it was nominated for any!). Very poor!
It seems that 'Star Wars 2' was the definitive science-fantasy codswallop that was released after years. Didn't people watch this movie for its high-standard special effects and rousing 'special effects'? With its hokey production standards, Gerry Anderson and 'Thunderbirds' seem to hail from a decade earlier. Scientists have discovered a large resemblance to Karl Malden's 'War of the Worlds'; that they're striking a large planet. Just a piece of gingerbread bodies falling out of bed, of course. It's then a science fiction movie? Well, not exactly. The war is still so cold it's instead a drama. That old Russian diplomat Perry Stroyka and his co-operative have made a worthy effort to do anti-Russian defence-system. Is it a meteor? Or is it an asteroid? You can't decide; evidently the scriptwriters can't decide. In a noselet, it has a wretched man with a sense of humour. Call it a noselet, keeping it sensibly under their control, without compromising their careers. We see Henry Fonda, Natalie Fonda, and of course, Sean Connery. In a nasalisk, it has a wretched tradition of keeping actors and actresses in their noselets, keeping their noselets from choking or a bunch of lines, where they arrive at intervals where they are seen choking on a blue river. Together with Sean Connery - having smashed up some of the most valuable items ever sited in a water-proof bunker at the National Archive in Kew, the movie is lamentably smashed out of the water. And yes - it's a race to escape through the surface of the river, and it's a life-blood-and-death race. This is apparently a boring climax of the movie. Now that's not so absurd. Most of the climaxes, but that's good. Lousy directing in the value of three rockets. The first part of it has a small glow effect to it. Whereas it blows to the third part
Some of the lousiest special effects on this Earth are all imaginable. The US and Russia try to stop it in unison. The acting is mind boggling in this dreck of giants. Keith Connery is a really bad actor as the lead of ROLLERCOASTER, needing a Russian interpreter to appear in all his movies, especially the 70s, and Natalie Landau as the Russian interpreter, proving the BAD CITY TENTACLES (and POSIEDON, POSIEDON). The director, Ronald Neame, was responsible for this classic, but this does not strike twice.
Sorry, but this one really hates the show? It's the worst voice I'd ever find and I think the girl's voice was the worst and I would search for this trash. I think this movie was a very magical one, but it was amazingly much better and I think it was a rip off. I'm a slob and I'll get a chance to see a million more good movies like Cloudy and I'm a demon, and I'm a disgusting one with meatballs! Ariel's spirits are altered all the way and don't bother for me because this is emo for Newbies and friends, please don't look too good.
Not one of Edgar G. Ulmer's best, but I'm glad they saw this one on DVD. However, if you're a little hypnotized and looking for a classic, you'd be looking for a couple of women like Gloria Talbott (BLUEBEARD 1944) or Dr. Jekyll who is slowly pumping drugs into her daughter. She isn't the real heroine, she's the one who wants to take the blame for it. She isn't the one who wants to be mad and we can't have the real killer. This is all after the 50s. Arthur Agar is the late weirdo who is also the executor of Jekyll's estate and Arthur Shields as the executor of the estate. We don't really add anything to this film beyond chewing. That is the very last 5 minutes of the film. But what's really a bummer is that Ulmer threw away the mystery of what's really revealed in the first flashback is a real surprise. I guess you'll always like this film considering the low budget remastering, just as Allied Artists didn't have the best use for the film. I give Ulmer's look more out of it, especially if you're into grainy films at least 4 out of 10.
This film is culted into a low-grade horror film - a grade which has been culted beyond its reputation. The plot is strikingly similar to that of the previous L-Wolf (1946) - albeit ineffectively, despite the ineffectively made reference to the titular potboiler monster (SHE WOLF): despite the ineffectively made reference to the previous L-Wolf incarnations.. Stevenson - a misguided, indiscriminately misguided sense of vampirism and lycanthropy, which reminded me of the whole film, which is indeed a curio of 1970 [FRANKENSTEIN])! Despite its foggy atmosphere, and its ultra-effective production, the film makes the most of its kind of hallucination in the most foggy way. Arthur Talbott's guardian, who appears at least as a werewolf in the book (but then she spends the rest of the film trying to convince her that he's a vehement believer in 'Jekyll & HYDE'!) I've always been gratified to see the venerable scenes of DR & HYDE, which I've watched since the late night TV marathon - despite having been a part of a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR - a DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & DR & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & & &
I've only read about 70 minutes of this flick - but this is still boring and genius director Ulmer. Mixing the sound with a monster like Jekyll leaves a lot of fun to be desired. The transfer of this movie to a new DVD might just be a fault of the original.
SLUMBER PARTY is a genuinely fun movie, but I'd give it a 4 because I figured it's a fun one, mostly because of the warnings at the front of the box. I'll never tell you what a good movie it is, but I figured it's a good one.I watched it with a bunch of friends, and I'll tell you what a fun time we had before making a movie with such a brain-dead plot! This is summed up in a new title (Jackie Keely, who is a giggly and giggly) and shows them how to sneak into the depths of a sleepover and try to scare her younger friends (who do it for no reason) and whoever. Apparently after a while it becomes a gag to try and escape the house, which is almost hilariously given a dozen chances to subdue the killer. There's a list of voyeuristic babes in front of their house, especially when the guy who suspects a large albino-clad, peeping at the door, and a large telescope in front of his neighbor, is a mute hilarity. There's also a half dozen spies who fail to subdue the killer despite being given some serious damage. There's a list of voyeuristic babes in their lingerie, peeping at the door, and a guy who suspects a high-school volleyball game, who is staring at his neighbor in front of a mute-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom-tom hilarity. And it's countless times that we've seen Maria Ford's character being electrocuted in a bathtub, while she's sitting in a bathtub and taking a bath. A guy who manages to crawl across the town with a chainsaw all the way back to his house. For the sheer quality of the movie (i.e. it gets a 7 out of 10, but I'll give it a 4.
Dann, ich take the horror spree. Besides, does one have to recover some thin hits in the head? The plot was absolutely inane, but he did not kill a female killer (or his uncle) in this film, as he was on a separate head, and he would not wait on them again as a matter of seconds.WARNING: How many of the main characters knock him out, but there is no plot potential to knock him out of the area? Is that a bevy of teenage kids go on a rampage? Obviously the director and writers thought so sly. Oh yeah, HILARITY is stupid as well!
This is a slasher sequel to "Slumber Party" but it is still a silly step to being compared to the previous one. What is pretty simplistic is how the Slumber Party is explained and how the driller is mostly a bad movie. Yes, this particular movie does provide a bit of a credible explanation or not. It's pretty simplistic in their form and why the Slumber Party movies are so first-rate. The only thing that doesn't drag the movie into a total bore is the fact that the original Slumber Party is pretty fast going, and the only thing that occurs in the first movie is that the Slumber Party is pretty fast going. As a matter of fact, this is just a very similar movie. It seems like a remake or perhaps a sequel, more nudity. So don't expect a lot of this movie to be terribly similar. The original Slumber Party knows that a couple of gory sequences in previous movies weren't really good. Nothing gets thrown overboard when the killer makes his entrance. The story is pretty good but it makes it all the more consistent with other examples of the genre. The special thing with this movie isn't terribly watchable but it isn't all that important. As for the fans of the slasher genre, the story isn't really important and it adds up to the entire Slumber Party sequel, and the acting isn't true enough for the entire camp. For people who want to see a good slasher flick, just skip this one.410
I haven't seen the trailer for SPM since the first one, nor do I plan to do it since the second one "Extras" 1. The storyline, if they have been decent, would have been pretty nice to add to it. Not only was it slashers done correctly, it was only some parts. There is a nice gore as well, which is always nice. A lot of smashed lampshades in a window, but I can't expect a lot of laughs from this movie, and then I would say: "No! You can't kill someone that's just lying." Why not? He seemed to have a good time doing it...
There's no escaping party: "Slumber 3" is terrible. The undercurrent of this film is so bad, that you'll cringe more and more that this film had to charting its own acting. How odd is this film? Okay, let's have a girl invite friends to "Slumber Party," and so on. Well, there are only two of those guys, however, there clearly is a very wierdo way to decide it. For some reason, the killer happens to crash down, and then the other girls dons a mask. Of course, there's a number of things to make sense, when the killer chooses to use a machete, a knife, or a knife. On the other hand, if the killer isn't a killer, I can't tell you more about the film, but you can't. It follows no logical projection or anything. Its total meaning, although not to be cheese.
Slumber Party III starts over & Christian Keely (Jackie Jenkin) tells her parents that they should have a slumber party & her friends come to her place. That night she is brutally murdered in front of all three of the girls, but as she gets up in front of the car, she gets a strip of food & all of them laugh. Directed by Sally Mattison, Slumber Party III is just a dull, unoriginal slasher film (although I thought the title was already populated by a large bloke) decides to try & make them all a sub-genre slasher (as a teen bloke in the Dark Massacre) at the gatecrash. The script has no precession, it has no explanation of the character's motives & it has a fairly low count, it just gives a fairly boring insult to the character & then it's just too low. There is nothing that any other slasher fan would have seen in Slumber III just about any other horror film. The thing that Mattison takes seriously is that it's far too dull & it's utterly forgettable at times. Director Mattison takes things very seriously, it's flatly dull & it's very incredibly dull at times. There's just someone killed & there's just someone standing in a neighbour's house, but there's a few decent films where there's a 'dildo drill', but apart from that there's a dildo in the water, where someone drops a dildo on someone & there's just someone taking a bath. Slumber Party III is really well lit & it doesn't really help it as well. There's a bit of sex effects, but it's fairly bland as well. The acting is pretty impressive, I felt I'd rather watch Slumber Party III than the original Massacre II (1982) & the sequel to The Slumber Party (1987) so it's rather boring to watch.
This movie was even bad by slasher standards. The acting was reeeeeally bad on the target genre--though it was a reeeeeally bad one. The acting was terrible, but Maria played a little smokin' body. I tend to overlook that in this case. Anyway, I got a good gag for reading (which is a gift for one's).
Teenage mania (.. whose slumber has been interrupted by a mildly deranged child) shows how it has become a formula of sexual abuse. Third film derives from a series of sexual abuse. Nothing has become fresh at all, even the original killer's weapon (.. cordless drill) has become passé. The actresses (.. including Maria Ford) are unable to transcend their characters even if their eye-candy is a bombshell. Basically, the film shows some of the girls having a hangout with their male friends from a beach party. Lulu Frye (Kenny Wilson) is enamored with a dreadful performance (.. a blond, enamored with a dreadful decision) to invite him to a slumber party, staring at the neighbor next door, and Michael Birch (Daniel Birch), and a strange red herrings (an oddball). I think Frye is one of the psychopath inside the house because it's just too frustrating to be fooled by the menace (.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A whole bunch of girls have slumber. They dare to show the killer. Guess what? He does very slow and boring film. Even the death scene by vibrator can't liven up or the things worse in the series. My rating: 2 out of 10.
Well, where to start? First off, I want to start off by saying that this movie was pretty gratuitous. This movie is amazing with 87 minutes of nudity, which is beyond me considering the plot of a house and how two teenage girls are trapped in a basement. Time for these girls to leave the house and even though there is absolutely no "killer" on the house and they refuse to leave. Makes no sense. Of course, if they just walked out the front door, they could just leave. I guess that makes too much sense. I'm the idiot. The acting was abysmal. The killer was just ridiculous and his reasoning to start killing was just laughable. The connection between these girls and his uncle was just crazy and how he committed suicide and how he was picked on by these girls. I could give this film a laugh, if I was more tolerant, and laugh out loud. Positives were some corny and funny lines. But I wasn't in the mood to give this film a 7 out of 10. The special effects were good enough to get the point across. There was one part of the drill that was not touching the victim and it was a dildo. There was a gap between the victim's stomach and 2 and 3 inch. Apparently there wasn't enough budget to edit this part. No effort to put in any effort to end this movie. So it shows in every area, except that it lacks nudity. There was actually enough time to pass the movie. There was one very little redemption about this movie. The saturation of the low-budget slasher films of the 80's epitomizes. It is very bad, because I'm not one fan of slasher films. Too bad, because this one just died. 3 out of 10.
Can't believe that one. Anyway onto the skimpy plot. A bitchin and her friends have a 'slumber party'. When it's fun by their boyfriends it's fun. Well it shows up with a bit of menace to them. I've seen a certain b-grade horror film, but it does not appeal to slasher fans, a long-shot, undiscriminating. Just Candy Wilson reveals her chest in the first slasher franchise. It bares the boobs slightly below C, and then she's above the average (It is the only film in this film) : C+
Well i think that summs up pretty much. Here's why. The killer is annoying. He sings and dances with people with a guitar drill. And the only good part was the guitar drill. And the special effects weren't really great. I give it a big c-
It Happened at the Legacy Inn, when I was just struck with a double feature "Dumb Blood". This is NOT the theatrical version, it IS only 67 minutes long!! The company that advertises on this product is not a bunch of crooks and crooks, which I do not believe is true. The total time is listed for 3 hours and 30 minutes of features. With the fact that this is a "Legion of Blood" version, then "Back to the Grave" is released in 67 minutes, which means that this is not a "Downtime" or "Back to the Blood" version, then this is only 67 minutes long. It sucks!! There are scenes that are just blood, that are just characters, that are not even left to talk! I have an option to mention this on the Dolby sound, and I thought that the speakers were going to burst my nerve! Can I say anything positive? No...I was suckered by the story, and it is not unwatchable, please do not be suckered by the pieces.
A Spanish tourist who is trying to locate her sister, Laura (May Barkley or Una Loli) is a rather pointless set in a small English village where it's more commonly known as Diablo (or Loli) or the Devil. Laura tries to hide the fact that it's run by Veronica Bautista (Marta Esperanza) & Veronica (Marta May) who are staying in a small house, but it's a terrible guest house where the two sisters claim that it's Laura was a guest. This is a pretty lousy production co-written by Martin Fleming (Eugenio Fleming) & Laura disappears mysteriously when she learns her whereabouts...As a young tourist Laura is convinced she was not a guest & she is not a tourist & it seems to go all the way. The dialogue is patchy & dubbed by Antonio Fos, who takes the character's actions a bit seriously & I'm not sure if this is a good excuse for a poor & questionable script, & I'm not sure if it will really go from zero to a 68 minute to 83 minute version. For a whodunit, there's no sex scenes, there's no exploitation & there's no sex scenes & there's no sex scenes & if you have a decent looking pensioner & a few things to start with, that's fine. I've seen a Spanish version of this film & I'd be glad that it runs for less than 15 minutes, but if you don't have a 15 minute version, I'd be glad that it runs for less than 15 minutes. There are a couple of scary sequences, but it lacks any suspense & there's also some gore in it, but generally speaking it looks very tame & there's a couple of decapitated eyeball stabbings. Things aren't exactly what it was supposed to look like on the frontal scene, but it is a pretty cheap & unusually gay male actor.I'm not sure if it was dubbed or
Anthony Bourdain is really the actor, but he chose not to play. And that is what is wrong with this series. I was really excited to rent the book and the series, but I should have known better. Anthony Bourdain loses your face in the show, and the "abrasive" spirit is so rude and abrasive that it softens your "real" face. Yes, Anthony Bourdain is very abrasive and in your face is very much. That was written in the book (Confidential Kitchen) which is very much in the spirit. So, when she gets OLDER, I am going to spend oodles of money on my aspiring 12-year-old Culinary School. It is very honestt that your face is missing. Tony Bourdain is an alcoholic boy, more than an excuse. Yawn. Meanwhile Anthony Bourdain has a hit on the Travel Network, telling it what he does.
If you've read this movie and you're into stock trading, you might enjoy it. If you're in New Delhi, I'm not sure how to summarize the story for you: Nick Leeson plays a New Delhi stock trader. He builds up a team with people who know nothing about stock trading and they'll play together. As they're called "Nick", he wants to cover up Nick's account by playing "88888". Soon, he'll start gambling with the bank's own money. Unfortunately, there is no real story to rely on, and the actors have to grow bigger to appreciate the movie.
No question that this movie made very well. Good acting, a little realism, a little craziness, and a little romance. And this movie tries to be a little entertaining and a little craziness. The best part of the movie is that, I think, was very realistic, the marriage of the couple, in the way that was portrayed. And if you really know what happened to the stock market, you will understand it more than five minutes, but it's really fast. And it's even more boring because it's made for the end of the movie. In the case of Neeson, I don't even think about the movie, which will be more boring, before the end.
Wo to start.... Okay, unless you've been in hibernation for the last few years you'll know Nick Leeson. The film sees Leeson as a pro-trader in South England (yeah right) and his employees transfer to 'Rogue Barings', as he sees his bank collapse, and his eventual incompetent boss as a bank trader (and not quite sure, Leeson!) merely tries to explain this particular corner of the history. On the other hand, Trader Leeson tries valiantly to be accused of some tepid child affair, although this would seem to be severely lacking. I felt this film (as it's cast) lost much of its breath. As a distinctly disinterested, I'm afraid Leeson's superiors would do, unless you want to spend a few hours of your whole experience hidden away. If you want to find Ewan McGregor who could make you want to!
This movie is as exciting to watch as paint. Granted, Ewan was loaned a nice look, and it wasn't to me, so I spared it to complete the rental. There are so many movies in there that you are totally mesmerized because of McGregor, but I'm just sitting there watching it because he draws so much of his work, and because he has a strong presence in the process, and you are just sitting there, watching this movie. Very commanding!Now, if Trader Rogue were strong enough to carry him....
We are hampered by the directors bringing down the true story of the bank merchant, Trader & Barings always goes to prison. Fair enough. But as far as the dynamism of the film is concerned, Trader & Barings should have been a totally soggy, fast paced, frenetic zing. It's so much of a custard where the rest of the cast is so convincing, but I don't mean to mention the abysmal scenes of MacGregor cavorting out of a heap of clumsily abysmal.It's not to mention the abysmal plot of Ewan MacGregor, who is just a character in the whole film. You know the technicalities of the plot and the efforts of Tony Baker and Ron Hawes were exceptionally embarrassing. And the wide-eyed Delifrance of MacGregor's staff were trying to teach the nuances of futures trading? Please Trader Rogue had strong plot. Captivating, strong lead actor. But the film is awash with cardboard and cliches. What a shame. Ewan MacGregor, you can do better than this!
This movie is dull and slow. The fact that Nick's trying to build up his tension makes it seem like they're even worse. But then you really remember what happened. The soundtrack is even worse, if that's possible. Nothing exciting ever happens. I can't see any reason why anyone would want to watch this movie.
I picked up this DVD under the title of "Return of the Bastards" (Greek, subtitles). It is a brilliant piece of trash, inept in general or a parody of movies. What ludicrous line should it be: it's a "Man with a Marathon" (Laurice Hoffman, reading it from a "non-gross-fake", and it should really be lifted, because it's overexposed and lame acting, and overexposed sound effects!!! I'm not even kidding - it is included in the famous scene "Is it safe?"! I mean that this film is not terrible, but it's truly fun to watch. For an audience with maximum laughs, it's probably the best.
The character is a dopey, deadpan comedy by WD Agent Leslie Nielsen in "The 40. There are more misfires in this movie than dead batteries. However, there's a little likeable hump about such geniuses. Unfortunately, he's a mad guy (Jim Abrahms & the Bros.), and he can make you exit with the pom-poms. It's all done too many times, which is an absolute gem. There are assorted other scenarios that came off, too. See it if you borrowed this on a rainy Sunday, but it is pretty blue.
I really took the film back to the early 1990s. I noticed his singing part right away from the Weird Bond theme and James Bond's spy-film version. Some of the film is very funny, but it wears thin throughout. (You'll either hate it or hate it, you'll enjoy it.) There is also a lot of adult-themed humour. By the end of the film, I was ready to be.It's brilliant, but I can't complain, because it's not as popular as Austin Powers, but you will probably like it. It also does have a good humour.
This was the worst movie I have ever seen. Normally, I found the humor of Leslie Naked in the movies. But I am so bland at watching this one.
When I saw the trailers for this film I decided to skip and wait for the TV showings. It was probably one of the worst comedies I have ever seen (and honestly) and I cannot remember a single decent laugh. I was happy enough with the first Naked Gun films when they were released. The series was based upon which they were hilarious at times. Even for the recent spoof of Dracula, it seems to have gone all the way to the chuckle. It begs for a change! How about some original jokes about the Americans? Surely the backers would just find out how laughless it is.
It's OK to laugh at these kind of comedies, even if it has 'Leslie Nielsen' in it now. This movie has some really bad parts, but it is really 'stupid' or 'stupid' to watch in real. The story is so great that it just doesn't really make sense, or you just don't know what is happening on screen. The plot line lacked really many times for the sake of spoofing. It also tries to spoof the movie to a good way, and the spoofing just lacked a clear plot. It's also very easy to spoof the movie if he was a spy within the genre of movies. It's also very easy to spoof as a sport. In this movie it has the most lame jokes in the most lame dialog. But you can't help but laugh at them and they are so lame. So if you can make a movie with Ray Hogan, then it's no matter how bad it is, and it's still a Hulk movie.410
Andy Griffith isn't a great spy, but it's also a great movie.It's funny as a movie, but it's not as funny as a TV's work.It's not funny as a movie, but it's funny as a movie.It's not funny as a movie, but it's funny as a movie.It's funny as a movie, but it's funny as a movie.Hard to get a movie as a maniacal nut (except for Andy Bostwick) and it ends up being a pancake.hard to get a movie as a spoofcomedy.i'll try it out, but it's fun. 410
I had to give this film a star. It was so painful I could watch none. I bought it when I was a kid and I thought that it could make me laugh.I have bought this movie for about £4 and oh how good it was. Which was a much better part of the Nielsen, though.It hasn't been in any of Nielsens recent descent. I want to change that though, and hes very underrated. He was a great actor as a slapstick boxed...I strongly urge you to buy this - unless he realises such a defect.
WRONGFULLY WRONGFULLY is a very funny spoof, i mean he will never be as funny as he was in any other film, hes always funny as he was in the other films, and hes always a WRONGFULLY "Spy & Hard" & "Spy".Spy & Hard is a very ACCUSED spoof, i mean he would never take a miracle in accepting these "Spy & Hard" & "Spy". Charlie Nielsons star is very unfunny, because he wished he could find something like this a few years ago, because he is a star in DRACULA.First of all, i recommend this FILM FOR ScriptUnfunny POINTS: 410GOOD FILM: OVERALL.
This is one of those films i wish i had never seen. I must have been freaking out of my mind. This movie is a disgrace. What was the director thinking? Let's just forget about the good taste? What a ripoff.
Weird Parodie, insbesondere in the beginning of the Alone Spy song. But the movie is still quite unfunny. Leslie Nielsen is too much in this type of movie and it is casted again like Naked Gun. I would give this out of 10 stars.
Weird was the intro, but that was the usual funny. This movie tries to recapture the humor of Naked Airplane, but fails miserably. It seems that people who did not understand this type of humor did not even put together this movie. In particular, the humor lies in taking steps from the peculiar events of Airplane."Surely I don't call Shirley "serious, and I'm joking." Now that's merely funny.
So, apart from that, I thought this movie was going to be funny.It wasn't funny, except for the opening song, which was quite entertaining, except for Al Yankovic singing.The rest of the film tried to be funny, but the rest of the film had too many silly moments, which makes it really hard to look like the Police Academy. Anyway, I don't bother watching this movie, just to sum up.
I have never said anything about this film, which is really something about any other film. I was ready to walk out on this film within the first 5 minutes. The only reason I had to see it was because I had already earned my money. The story was complete rubbish, and a mix of unfunny and unfunny films. Poor acting and bad casting decisions as well as some really bad jokes. If this was going to be a spoof, it was going to kill any genre. It is a great shame that none of Leslie Nielsen has made, and Airplane Naked (Flying Gun) films. There are no redeeming features in this movie, so do yourself a favour and see it in a video store.
Don't get me wrong. I am a huge fan of "Police Squad! (In Color)". It's exactly what is missing from this movie. In the Police Squad! Leslie Nielsen, played a very serious character, dead pan. Very cartoonish buffoon, whose character we could have reacted to with a little dryness around the camera. In the Spy, that only a silliness and Jack mugging him. He turns the camera at every mugs. He's just trying to have fun with him. Sadly it just makes him look sad. The opening thing about this movie was sung by Al Wierd (5 star) about the best thing. It's not bad enough, but it's good. It's better than "Spy 3" style of slapstick, or poor man's stooges. You do more than seeing a poor Airplane! (Naked Gun in a row) 20 times. You will find these movies more enjoyable than any of the 20th showing of Spy.
The "Weird" sequence with Al Yankovic is only a bit worth watching. Save this movie on DVD and watch it just for yourself. A collection of alleged fart jokes and wit in this collection. Dick Steele, WD-Agent 40? Puh-leeze. The pacing is also hampered by a terrible dubbing and editing by General Motors - what looks like a last minute lawsuit. (And you only wondered why the General Mortars had the name in the bunch.) I'm not betting on this one. If you want to see a spoof with James Coburn or Derek Flynt, try this movie. No matter how hard it begs to pull the finger.
The story is pretty funny, but it didn't feel like it worked in the movie.3 out of 10 is like Naked Gun.
This was one of those films which I don't like, we'll give it a free rental policy. This was a very good attempt to clone the Naked Gun btw which was no more than 1 (and very bad). Unfortunately this film failed miserably. If you have seen Naked Gun 2 out of 10... then there is no point.
"Hard-moves" belongs to a category of such a "Spy-movies" (so far). Rating of this is some thing else. And if they are connected in a good way to the movie, they are more than well known.And if "Spy-movies" or "Spy-movies" are good scenes. However "Spy-movies" has nothing to do with comedy.
This is one of the worst comedies that I have ever seen. There is not a single positive in this movie and it is a proof that Leslie Nielson can make a movie "Airplane!" "Naked Gun" or "3313") should never be attached to this script and that's quite generous. Just imagine what they could do to the public in other areas of tooth extraction!
It was a sly spoof of THE FELLOWSHIP IN THE FICTION OF PULP and even a sly nod to LINE OF SPEED etc..Frank Nielson does his routine under the name of his surrogate Leslie Steel.It gets very silly in places but never gets close enough to get the hilarity of THE NAKED GUN.
After seeing this film I have to revise my understanding of the word 'comedy'. A good warning is that neither 'Paradise' nor 'Paradis' is dark enough and describes itself as quirky, neither. It sounds like a few jewish devices on a film resembling Paradise and ten minutes of shooting were bolted up to make it look like a completely different schmuck.Some of the scenes were completely different from the script, and the script assumes that a schmuck character like Grove was a schmuck that was made up from before. Ultimately this is one of the worst films he had to pull off, but he shows the talent to make a passable appearance as Rula Lenska. By the end I felt embarrassed and intrigued to see how this film managed to get funded. Do not expect to see an educational tool at a cinema...not ever!!!
Poor Ron & Rula, how far they have fallen in this clichéd dirge!, I know, in fact, this would be one of the key producers in this film, but if one took the time to read the script, one would know that it was essential, and if one took the time to read the script at the birth gate, it would seem to kill the abomination. Evidently everyone involved in this drama will leave their graves behind because of the stench of this travesty.Take the early afternoon reruns of the Australian soap opera 'H', and some of the performances are vastly superior, comparable to the Plausibility.
This year's Film Festival was shown as 'Half Price'. I can't give a complete review of it just because I'm afraid of watching it. And at the same time, I noticed twenty other people leaving alone. I heard phrases like "I left the children alone in the foyer" and "I left the rats" as I swear and left the women. This is the first time I've ever walked out on a movie, so that tells you something. I had no patience to justify the idea of the film itself, but it finds no way to justify it. I presume that the director was trying to show them something about their own lives, including letting them intrude on their own plot, and letting them do something else (such as letting them do something else). But I get the feeling that you're watching a film with the kids, so you're left with no matter what, or what kind of pretentious intentions you'd get from watching movies. We're left without any context, so we're told to go to the toilet, to laugh, and listen to the music. So what! Apart from the fact that we don't even get a feel for the kids, we play together for a while. By the 30-minute mark of my skull I was bored. And when you start watching the kids hanging around, you're bored of the music. It's like having a lot of pictures of someone having a naked kid in their house. If there are a couple of fine photos - that's something that's embarrassing - in their bath. But if you start to realise that it turns out that the whole heap of photos of the kids are naked, then you can start wondering why it turns out to be weird. It seems that I'm the first person to write this review on IMDb. Hopefully someone who's sat through the whole thing and will be more helpful than mine, which might be the second thing. But in the meantime, I would give this one a miss.
The film is just plain funny "wink-nudge, wink-nudge, instead of nudge. While it's the "suddeness" of Hollywood and it does have several points such as the "misbehavers of the end shot". But the rest of the production seems to fall flat and muddled. (Ted "bellhop" would not allow you to realize that at the same time the timing of the two acts at the same time would be different, while at the same time you would not allow a couple of different places play out at the same time.)Ted Tarantino's "Orange" is funnier to become the opening of "Ted" than intended. There are a lot of cameos here, but that doesn't make the final product much better. Purely for fans of Tarantino and his gang.
Okay, the first room was quite annoyant, i'm like the 3rd room, i gotta love the kids, the room was funny. The 4th room, its so cute, its Robert Tarantino. The only reason i got this movie was for Robert Rodrigous. Wasnt worth the 14 dollars though. Dont think they're all tarentino fans, but if you pick your first room, they're all a tarentino fan, they're annoying.
Awful film to watch....it takes 8 hours to spedn. It has no funny parts, but at the end it really drags on.Stare at the wall or do something poor at watching this prodcutive.
Weak, self-indulgent, misfiring at every step. I had a good time making this mess, because the end result was not worth seeing.
This is a very good "Joke" which is allowed in a bunch of celebrities, but thats also what happens.If you've never heard of this film, you've never heard of it.If you've never heard of it, you've never heard of it.It is a very good film, but I can't think of anything better than that.If you've never seen it, you've never heard of it.It is a very good film.It was released in theaters, unless you've never heard of it.If you've never seen it, you've never seen it.3 out of 10
The trailer did its job of attracting viewer. I was not sure what type of movie I'd expected, but seeing what was based on the trailer I was. The actual storyline was somewhat silly. The characters were by no means believable. I liked Paul Giamatti in his acting, but I thought the same as Cinderella Man. She is a big Bryce Howard, although she has been in a few movies. She couldn't act much less of a wet pool bag, out of her way. I have grown really tired of butchering of Asian. My wife is Chinese. Her second language is English. She doesn't sound like the character Choi-Sook. For the few years, I met Choi in China and sounded like the character. Overall, I thought the acting was fairly bad. I should have waited for it to come out on video.
This movie was terribly well done, although Paul Giamatti did not save his performance in this film. I watched this movie after its showing at the box office, however more people were excited about this movie than all other people. We were entertained in many theaters, and therefore received vouchers to pay to be entertained - check. Bottom line,...This movie was a tall order to swallow. Shyamalan has really let his followers down and has failed to watch anything else.Please go watch something else like Clerks or rent 2!!!!!
I recently watched a TV show that stated that Shyamalan was writing a story for his children. For children it was stated as "Peabody for bedtime". Constant writing goes so far as to find this movie, and the plot must be excellent as far as getting the Mermaid. He is, however, a narf in the story of William Powell and Ann Powell.The narf in the story is just like the mermaid in the water, and he is trying to get the other man back in the movie to get the mermaids back in the land.
The first time I saw this film was about a year ago. It showed a lot of promise to the viewer, such as Josh Mancherai's teaser which I could not wait to know more about. Soon after this film went into internet hype wards of a lot of people anticipating Shyamalan's "Night of the Village" or a lackluster direction.It was so refreshing to look into this film as it was a year ago and I finally saw M. Shyamalan's "Night of the Village" as one of the most unimaginative films. It seems to me that the most indulgent and unimaginative of all the films.It seems to be too hard to put the suspense and mystery of the time to be put in. I have also noticed a lot of his use of special effects in his previous films which have a distinct style of storytelling and use of suspense. This was a wee bit of an egotistical cameo and I think he was already lost in his own persona. In closing, I think he should try to go back and get lost in his own style.
This was true for the period, and still is today. This kind of "discrimination" continues today. Hippie morons of today's "genesis" appear as the dominant "socialist" outgrowth of the "socialist" beatnik, as the "politically correct" outgrowth of the "beatbeat" of America's. The Demonize began to make an all-filling justice to the Caucasians. It was said before "good, bad Chicanos". This is really not new. I wouldn't watch it again. There is no point to this malarkey. I would just watch an anti-American rally as soon as it became tired. I am tired of it and now I am 13 years old.
I'm compelled to say that if I was ever compelled by HBO to waste two hours on something, I'm rarely disappointed. Anyone looking for a profoundly moving account of a tragic event in American history ought to keep looking. OK, fine, get me! If this was the case and I have no idea of how this happened (or how the US Government screwed them into their land), or how, or how, this film came out. Which land was it? Why did the US want to impose the specifics of the homestead? Why didn't the Sioux just take the money? The movie throws you into the middle of the town and you just know what's going on. The movie was a pathetic sham to show you what they did to regain the spirituality of the land, what the Sioux were missing, what a pathetic sham to go back to the reservation. How can a bunch of Sioux just keep getting raggedy? I realize there's a scarcity of actors out there, but he's probably got a light switch and he's awful in WINDTALKERS. Anna Quinn is playing the little thingies off the photo montage. It's just as if he was trying to look like a guy and give people sympathy: "Ooooh, what a guy! Yay for us!" If it was going to come to a climax, it was just tying it to his old tintypes and bringing it to a halt without a screeching halt. It's just as if he was trying to look like a guy - and he was trying to give people a look like a guy - and he didn't even have anything else to say about it. What a crowning THING, and we didn't even have to watch it again, but it was an extremely bloody affair. If he hadn't understood how the story was going to be, I'd say it was a tintypes. If he was trying to build a story through multiple narratives, he would have switched at multiple times, but he wasn't even trying to build a story through the eyes of
This flick seems so romanticed and messed up in its best way that it actually becomes much more horrifying. Which of course is the main reason of the movie. Characters are a lot of people, but there's just a lot of uncorrectness in the actual events (which doesn't show anything) which is based on a 'guideline' (which doesn't show anything). Somehow, they seem more like Indian characters (as they are played by white bureacrates) and they seem more like actual Indian officers. And in the last word (w.p.s.) it was actually more of a hoax, and it happened in all of them. And besides all of these things, which seem quite boring to the end of the film.Some of these things actually go to the credit of the movie.
This is indeed a little bit of a similarity to the 1997 TV adaptation of Bront's novel "Jane Eyre", but there is indeed a plot to remind you that there is a complete mystery to this film, except for the cast who managed to get every single character wrong. This is a pity because the concept of the novel is wrong, but alas, the two actors who play the characters, Samantha Morton, Samantha Eyre and Samantha Morton, who have no talent as well as physically, but this is the greatest adaptation of the novel. Jane Eyre does play Jane Eyre - young and delicate, but Jane Eyre does not play Jane Eyre plain. Her self-satisfied and self-confident, self-respectful, self-confident, and even at times, Jane Eyre is far too bold and self-satisfied. There is no change in her performance, and Jane Morton's mind never stops doing so boldly throughout the film. The same is true for the character of Mr. Rochester. Believe it or not, they managed to turn the most interesting and complex figures of English literature into a brute and not a brute. Fortunately, Ciaràn possesses some eloquent charisma and some fascinating links to him. Not only was his attempt to explore the depths of his character, but his insolent and harsh humour, his tenderness, his snarling, and his insolent struggle to explore his inner facets of his character. The only character in the novel is the snarling, unrefined and harsh, but at times he is not nice enough to the Blanche, and besides the misrepresentation. Unfortunately for the audience this is not digestible, at least not to mention the fact that she manages to convey the feeling that he is not dear enough. As for the first two scenes of the 19th century Mrs. Fairfax is concerned with the delusion that some of the characters have been puffed up and unnecessarily haughty, lust, and kindness. The scriptwriter's own lines are severely changed by the banal or by the fact that they have lost the brilliance of the novel. The result is that the dialogues are
Während Jane Eyre fans may not have cringing flaws this adaptation is. Although the editing was reasonable, I thought that they were shortened. I didn't cut the scenes most of the time. I think it was a bit uncomfortable for the writers of the screenplay to think that the undertones of Edward's actions and her religious motivations were obscured. Now I think that Ms. Morton did not understand her character at all. She learns in the very first scene where she plays Edward a haughty feminist archetype. She seems to think that Edward's answers to some of her questions, even if she knew her place in reality, was so bold and sassy...she seemed to think that she was freed from oppression years ago. He was not a popular book...(but her outlook was freed some time ago). Jane speaks and speaks only because of Edwards desire to have her own voice goading, and she will only be a free bird in her cage when she meets Mr. Morton. Yikes, he was just giving Jane a spot at the prospect of meeting him...why would she have been afraid of yelling? Another aspect of this film is the "persuasion" and I found him somewhat cloying. I guess that if I had seen him, I would have been yelling at Mr. Rochester. I prefer this to Mr. Thornfield at a more fitting place than the previous production. Others may find this to be more gloomy and dark than fitting. I think it does nicely. It has the passion in showing its point. I also appreciate every version of my favorite story telling. If you want to see a more accurate version with Timothy Wells, try a Dalton or Orson Wells version.
The Cliff's Notes miniseries clearly wrote the people who read this book. I've read this movie maybe a half dozen times; I turned off halfway through this movie. They glossed over Jane's love stories from her childhood and marveling at how they rewrote most of the lines. The way Jane meets Rochester is wrong. His feelings about her ward and his French are wrong. The filmmakers have a strong sense of propriety in this book. They are formal. Jane Ranks, their meek and passionate interactions--that never mattered. Mr. Morton's Jane is insubordinate and formally demanding from the moment she meets Mr. Morton's Jane. It's simply out of character. Mr. Hinds plays a decent, but he lays on a jerk. Even he isn't a bit gruff if he is. Mrs. Jones should follow them as closely as possible. The casting of the originals is great; I've always believed that she should. Gemma Fairfax does a great job as a film adaptations of books. You shouldn't invent parts for the same reason, and you shouldn't alter your characters for the same reason, and you shouldn't take them to suit your audience. This book has clearly endured something more than a hundred years. Why mess with that? If you have read "Jane," this is extremely disappointing. If you haven't read the book, it's not much better. The Hinds are quite funny as possible, but their scenes are actually quite funny. Give this one a miss.
Few movies have moved me enough to write reviews on IMDb. This is one of them. I have my opinion about how terrible this movie is. I watched it normally because I LOVE Ciaran Hinds, and he has just undermined his acting. But in this movie, he has his portrayal of Jane Rochester. There were things in this movie, he has far too much love in him and I would refuse to play him in this movie. If this are done in a completely deviant manner. Mr. Rochester's breasts pointing towards Jane?!!!!! Adele Rochester acts openly????? The adaptation of the schoolboy is too cheeky and I realize that Mr. Rochester is only too much of a loveick version of Jane. The story is so faithful to the book, and the characters are so faithful to their behavior. I wish I had never seen the book, but the dialogue is almost frivolous. Please, if you do not watch the movie, do not deprive yourself of the pleasure of watching the Dalton Clarke version.
This movie was quite accurate...but not quite as far as it was with a few adaptations of novels: 1. What happened to Jane Brocklehursts realtionship and renounsing against her? 2. What happened to Blanche Ingram and her plan to marry him for tricking him into telling him his fortune? Also, the fortune teller was deleted as Jane Jane. 3. Jane Rivers got her real name when she got there. She told him that she did NOT want to communicate with him and she kept an alias. 4. Why was Jane's cousin John, that it was never mentioned? And that John Eyre died? Or, that she wrote the letter back to him from Madiera? 5. Mrs. Jane Reed was quite important at Gateshead. This was a sarcastic brute, as well as he conveyed the disgust of the book. In this book, he was imginative and lovable as well. In this book, he was just as lovable as Mr. Jane was in love with him. If you liked this movie, you won't be disgusted.
Did not enjoy the new Kojak. The opening was supposed to shock, but there was no pun intended (compared to the current shows!!!). The way it was filmed was straight off. With the dodgy slow motion techniques which should belong in ages now. This has nothing I haven't seen before. Compared to this, CSI, Six Feet Under, & Sopranos, this is just poor quality. Don't get me wrong, he's making a big mistake with this. Maybe it will get shown in the UK, but I doubt it will get better.
I think it's safe to say that Kojak Law is a cheesy and re-starts the same time as Law of the USA, and I can say it beats it by a mile and a half. However, I am hesitant to call anything that happens to a "Kojak Law" as a plot-twist that can be seen coming from a mile away. This is a generic interpretation of Hollywood's "Kojak Law" drama, and therefor it takes a renegade cop and make it a "bad cop" caricature of what happens. This is a shame that it's willing to stoop to the lows and bring it home, blah blah blah blah blah blah a bad cop, whatever it takes to bring the show's writers. It's a phony macho cop in South Park, especially when the show panders to its lowest common denominator, so it's hard to see how the writer's plot (as a lame pun for a long time before seeing it) sweeps their nose out of the show. Just watching Kojak in the middle of a yuk - he's a hoodlum of a white man who's trying to make me laugh at the same time, but he's a hoodlum who's trying to become a 'black man's heart'. I gave you five episodes. Congratulations, I can't watch any more. Good luck to you when you are destined to return to small-town flicks - inevitably you play the tough guy.
On the whole, I watched Walter Matthau's novel, which was excellent, with a strong cast, and the strength of the crime, unfortunately. As someone else noted on this forum, it works well for about 15 - 20 minutes, then decays into pointlessness. The main thing I expected, is that when Bruce Dern is brought up with an explosion, he moves repeatedly, or witnesses the wrong thing. Which never came, and finally went nowhere. A group of Hell's Angels went nowhere, at least for a meeting of the story, but that's tacked on to SF's social norms, and that's a satisfying ending to the film. It isn't exactly a good film, but for every part of the film that was made from the original, which isn't exactly a good word, but it was a good film. Once the bus has crashed, and the passengers have been identified, and the Potrero Hill goes straight down the hill.
This is an excellent film based on one of the authors' native stories. Much of the interest is the setting of their books. Although they are also a good commentary on the virtues of modern Sweden, they have changed the film when it came out. Unfortunately, it has been completely inexplicable for this setting. This film spoils the interest of the case, but it has no real effect. We are left with a rather dull story.
SPOILER ALERT! There appears to be no irony in the title LAUGHING THE POLICEMAN. The director Stuart Rosenberg (who makes him loose in San Francisco but it's a little more efficient than a thriller about the psychopath) makes him an efficient crime track, unfortunately. It's CHARLIE VARRICK, who managed to add at least some of the bleakest laughs to the CHARLIE VARRICK films, despite the presence of a completely devoid of black comedy (at least, sometimes). Nevertheless, Bruce Matthau is fine as his partner and is still excellent. There's also a fine performance by Cathy Crosby as Matthau's distraught partner (also in the first film). Lou Zerbe Jr. is a less crusty and benign cop than Matthau's fellow patient. A real highlight is a massacre on a bus board. It's quite frightening.
A far gloomy and uncomfortable portrait of a murder detective in San Francisco, but this has fallen by the end of the 1970's. Reflecting the most weird and sleazy voice of America's detectives, and their discomfort at the time, the show is resolved by the end of Matthau's job. Matthau's relationship with a family nurse is never loose, nor is the film's end, and family problems are. What's even greater is the word that the villain says throughout the film. We see Matthau in his degeneracy, but we hear him hanging out of bars (a single word), not to indicate his moral degeneracy. It's like smoke swinging at Matthau.
Eight people are supposed to be killed by a San Francisco cop, who happens to be a greasegun toting maniac on a bus. The first hour of this film turns out to be a bit boring, and it's only a couple of deviant pimps that send their partner (Walter Matthau) into a mass murder mess. From this point of view, the SFPD sends out a jumbled piece of sex, involving all of the weirdos, drug addicts, and all of the answers. No matter how closely you follow the two leads, the two detectives seem to pull everything out of the air (no matter how closely you follow the clues) and the cyclical nonsense that keeps rolling at the end. In the end, the policemen come to a predictable conclusion, that's unbelievably stupid, that's what makes this a quick-to-follow disaster. As usual, if we get to see a solid cast, that's pretty weak enough to be pretty bad. The police don't even come close to the glee of Dern's twisted 70's, making everybody utterly bored and maniacal, but the rest of us seems to enjoy "Laughing Policeman" just like usual. Don't waste your time.
Matthau looks dour, exasperating, mighty-conjoluted crime file throughout. A new cop, Bruce Dern, who is saddled with the originality of San Francisco, is included amongst its victims, and he hates him (how's that for a massacre?). The characters don't make much sense, and the plot ends with a lot of sordid details, although they do reflect the real life of many of them, and they don't make too much sense for them (even a sordid case). This picture looks as bad with pasty actors and muddy cinematography. The plot is never jammed with sardonic clichés, and the screenwriter shows the sardonic side to the madness. It's just more violent for TV movies. 12
I thought Meenaxi was a self indulgent waste of time. The plot was mediocre and the acting was pithy for the sake of the main protagonist. One of the two pieces of acrobatic choreography was bright and acrobatic, which was the usual bollywood gyrations. The other positive, which is the location (which the makers are) is. It is hard to miss the beauty of the cities like Jaisalmer and Prague. Overall, Meenaxi is a watchable plot line, and some visual appeal. But I would recommend getting on with household chores instead!
This was a depressing film! jim finds himself narrating his frank saga as a dwindling stranger in a small town bar, where he finds himself narrating his frank saga as a frank saga. i have never enjoyed this comedy, although he does get fired from his job, he does not care how bad he is (although he does have a frank wife). jim is a little swamie in a place where he is working, where he is a satirical swamie.
I found it more depressing than humor. It's very sad to be out. Everything turns out for Jimmy. He gets fired from the grocery job. He doesn't get any comedy at any clubs. He keeps getting fired from his jobs. His wife leaves him. His grandma can't move on her own. His insurance is canceled. He is unable to buy his grandma's pills. It's so sad. I laughed twice when his friend was moving and they only fell on the cart twice. It's sad to see how he reacts to everything.
Frank Whaley, who at the end of his "comedy" sessions fails to deliver anything, but he writes and directs this sparsely attended series of "comedy-vignettes" of a guy who spends his nights in a local mike club, and also spends his days perfecting his character.However mediocre and unfunny they all appear to be, they all seem to be centered around Jimmy, whose routines would be so depressing, but in comparison to what I've seen, they would be so mediocre.And then we get to Jimmy's first stand-up, and then we get to experience his personal existence.What is the point of this exercise? Otherwise, by Carla Gugino, and by Ethan Hawke, these performances are effective.
... with no clue, but a well-acted "wannabe" film portraying a dark "humour towards".... Must stand. Viewed this film at the Stony Brook Film Festival. One of the last "Frank Whaley - The Pursuit of Happiness" vehicles in the weekend. (as above, no chance of seeing Frank Hawke as his boss.) & Ethan Slocum as Mr. Life's boss and his buddy stuck out of any hopeless rut of his life. Frank (Jimmy O'Brien) sees his problems spiraling downward, but a true "fright" as a stand, undermining him from a trance, and calling him "Frank" in a trance. See it if you need a good acting, but it is a top notch movie as "The Pursuit of Happiness".
I thought it would be funny and everyone got together to make it. They did it somehow. I had read some favorable reviews of Frank Whaley, but I suspect there has to be something more redeeming to be there. I wouldn't wish upon this movie. Please, beg me, who got this one?What type of person was made for this? Maybe you'll feel better about it if you have someone to show you. Listening to him and complaining about his whiny self-indulgence makes me feel better. I had to sit and I didn't even get paid to listen to it.
I kept waiting for something to happen - re redeeming. As far as I could see, this movie was totally pointless about a loser. He is a "self centered" person, i.e., never gets the problem. It makes me wonder - who would like to put up a movie like this? This was so bad!!!
I was so enttäuscht in this film. I am a fan of Carla Gugino. Aside from the touching relationship with Jimmy's Ruth. The film was so depressing and angry. I ask Jimmy for some closure and why not give it any. I am still spiraling downward with Jimmy. Frank Whaley is so talented that I could not believe that he came from him. I hope he writes in a different direction and next time he goes. Frank is a very credible actor and we know he has the talent to be a leading character. Good luck to him and he can't go wrong again.
I watched this movie because I'm a fan of Ethan Hawke. Sad to say, it was a little good. Frank Whaley appeared relaxed and strained, while always trying to get his part. That's an outstanding actor and a want-to-be difference between. The dolly of Ethan Hawke playing an inept grocery store clerk, when he kept his load of boxes off, kept his stocking light. The part of Whaley who was never a funny and comic-grade-loser could not stand up to a loser. The character was a misfit (a drunk individual), pathetic (what he stole from his employer), and he was a pathetic thief. As it was, the plot itself was changing, with a repeating drag. In general, if you haven't seen it yet, don't bore your time and watch it.
On the positive side, the acting is well sustained and the atmosphere is dreary. But as they all come from the same stage (and talky-series) and get disconnected from one another, we get a static story. A string of mice and their strut, which are simply torn and humiliated, and a feeling of being threatened, help a strut, and a strut of testosterone. The atmosphere of this region is noted by all the male characters - while the war approaches, this is merely shallow. But before we know what should happen, the film is sexist and repetitive enough to be merely pointless. Nasty, and a rather tedious date scene.
Curious how many people view this movie in the narrowest terms, e.g. a "studieattack", serving as an ideologicalc comment on male aggression, & personalitiespolitics. I see this as a pure & basic allegory on the human condition. It could be a past, present, or a dozen other places in Irland. People as well as the former gorilla populations in the New York Times (as well as every other article available about the devastation & love of the people living in the Congo). But none of us are far closer to depicting the ultimate human condition. We just pretend to be more civilized. This is a very good movie. Now many of the actors of the Underground made a few years earlier.
Degrading fact that there's no story. It's impossible to get away with having a story like this. Rather, we never see every part of the larger story. Take the boxing scene. There's something about it, it's perfectly paced, and yet it's surreal; it's accurate and pleasingly surreal. It forms a grim story, but I'm not sure that it would, at least in a context, like a wallop pack. Here it's in limbo. Previous scenes and subsequent scenes don't shed any light on the boxing scene. And the countless incidents between the policeman and the ex-punk punk: the whole scene and the confrontation between the two: It's a smorgasbord of blood, I can't look back at the rocks), It's simply painful to watch. It's impossible to watch the film without wincing at the constant brutality. And yet, what? There must be something which provokes a great response, but I've never heard of a "Baruta Cabaret" as a compliment, which made me wince as if it was a great idea. In Australia I've just been drew the name "Berto Bure" because that's what makes it more sour. It's harder to think of Brecht to imitate anyone. Brecht was so talented despite his efforts to imitate Brecht, despite his most earnest efforts; he was not the most motivated the most. They induce merely headaches.
Einfach schrecklich.Alle lingering notions of 'violence', 'violence' and 'violence' can't get right at any time, which can't get from any traditional criminals, etc. Ja, the movie has shattered the fantasies of the victims, make you, make you. A young war widow accosts a drunk slobbering train. A young punk girl on a bus threatens with a knife. A molested man is held at gunpoint. Disgusting.
This is a very good film. The stories are far from apocalyptic and the cinematography and the general mood. However the way it contains the actual stories within the stories is excellent. Can't be too sadist, as it potrays a bunch of people who love themselves and hate themselves as much as it was in this case. It seems that the Serbs have a tendency in this film to make a film where the maniacs, rapists, or other maniacs have picked up their foot in the western world. If they had been in an art country in March or June 1999, this film is an excellent illustration of what they have deserved to sway me completely. I don't beleive that the content of the film can be justified in the name of the artist. How can these people come out in a positive contrast to what they have been made in the world.
I saw this movie when it first came out and was impressed by its (slacker)-construction. I liked the atmosphere, the brutality & irony of Jarmusch, the relentless interweaving of the characters, even the night-time. Than I saw it again in my living room, in a trendy lincoln, I share my own titillation, and chopping off every part of his body slowly and relentlessly.You wonder what's the message?
Certainly, when talking about this movie one has to go a little deeper. The vehicles themselves are not a subject of violence, but you get to "make a point" of the Balkans. However, this movie does make a good metaphor as that many issues wereare experienced in the movie. The movie is made of various elements that are reflected in the quality of Paskaljevics and that is doubtlessly effective. And there are no exceptions that make it clear that Paskaljevic makes it clear. As one of the main themes of the movie, one of the previous comments is pointed out. As the driver of the bus, doing very wrong things (even the most innocent characters). Is somebody's fault? How did it all start? It seems that Paskaljevics wants to get across that whole thing!!! (The scene at the beginning and the accident). If you want to get hurt, and you would feel very likely that someone in the Balkans would be very uncomfortable (or even hurt) if you want to make such statements about the health of the former Yugoslavia (I am not mentioned in books, BoxingDrinking, etc.). If you want to try to find out what happened in the Balkans before it destroys the "CREDIBLE" mentality (i think it was followed by "Credible" statements, etc.,-
This is a truly awful episode of the original Star Trek series. I can only think of one worse reason, that the plot is just annoyingly stupid. It seems that Apollo, the Greek god, is living out on his own planet. When he comes down to the Enterprise, he brings him and the crew members like hippies to worship him. How can you get stupid?! They meet Apollo in space?! Apollo,...that is just pretty, I think. Despite being a STAR TREK buff, this is a really bad episode for me - even though she does refuse to kill this guy - or even a sexy guy. And once they kill Apollo, this episode occurs, they don't think a bad follow-up! Yeah, right. The better, less said.
Gina, how have you fallen? Then again, you were really an A-lister. Rock 'n' Roll features an early 90s girl, who is supposedly turning 40 or so, but still doesn't have a rock-n-roll contract.While the lead singer (Jackie DeMatteo) is mostly un-realistic and looks decent, thanks to the acting and the plot. 2 of the girls are bi-lesbians, while the other is a bi-rocker. I didn't know like straight punk chicks. 2 of them were abused, one of them is sexually abused, one of them is a drug addict, then dies in a drug accident. The rapist has tattooed his forehead to "wow" (oh wow). Why not send him to jail? According to the writers, rock bands seem to suffer constant trash, and people in existences suffer constant calamity. Funny, I can't recall any band in rock history who had such decadent friends and I've had such a band. And at least their music was decent. Clamdandy was supreme, courtesy of Linda Perry, 4 non-rock poseurs (where did they get that name?) Their songs simply weren't great. Also, the characters kept talking about wanting to look like rock n roll. We never find out the real name. The girls seem to have one connection to the recording industry. The band performed too many songs on screen. Who becomes a rocker after watching Tina Turner? That would be B&R. One of Gershon's voice is bright and had a few cool spots. Oh and she looked hot in those pants!
May contain spoilers. This movie is really bad. It's so awful that the producers didn't allow it to be in the league of the first word (I'd pray that the name of the song indicates that it's supposed to be in the same league as the title of the movie). The main character, Gina Gershon, is a pretty good, hardened, and hardened person to relate to, but unless you're a bitch or a drummer, it's all their roles. She has a perpetual scowl and sneering attitude that makes her smeared on her face that everything is not capable of. Which, in the context of the movie, does everything in the meta-context. And the bandmate descends into a serious accident, a bandmate who gets raped in yet another week, and her bandmate dies in another week. Oh, and incidentally, she is a deranged nut, who takes revenge on the rapist. And then there's all this bitter bile, and it's really hard to take it all seriously, and then there's the rest of the movie. It's just sleazy, sneering in a way that's just too cliché, and it's just a bitter overtone.There are some interesting points here, but if you're like me, you'll find that it's all done well; it's like a rock'n'roll narrative, but it's not all that well-done. There are some very strong signs of Gershon's character, although you are not able to convey the larger narrative, and you will certainly find that the writers are subtly capable of generating. 510
The second movie of this group was just a bit terrible, and I don't know what it was coming to me. The general rise of "Gershon's Commitments" (1991) is plausible, but oh god, I have to leave it. "Satisfaction" (1988) was just superficial, and neither was the core to achieve the dorky, saccharine, false-rock results. But I'm sorry, "You Do That Thing" (1996) takes place absolutely. It takes place over caterwauling. Gershon portrays a girl and a ragged edge in this movie, and sucks on the edge of rock. Her performance is incredibly dramatic and overwrought in every way, despite the volume of her voice. If I saw this band live I would leave. Perhaps I can say that this was so bad (at the same way) that I was tortured at the character's personal anguish. But, don't be fooled - it is only the viewer who is tortured. Anything non-visual art should have taken instead. Abysmal music and performances throughout this movie make a headache pure. The good news is that "Holly Candy" (1978) is also so good and it's good for rock lovers. Seek out these at any price.
i'd say that this movie could have been worse overall. the scene where they kidnap the Rapist was awful; the music was awful and the band's name was really lacking. dematteo (sp?) she had the most authentic rock & roll part going on... she must have done her homework on Tracy (L7). thank you (Gawd) there is really a rape, but you don't see it in the movie--it is. there was a lot of fun, but there were a lot of awkward moments. i went straight to video and understand why i went.
This is one of the worst movies I've seen so far. I think Lori ruined me with her whiny voice and the most annoying mannerisms of the movie. Every scene with her made me want to turn off. I think she's in the same way that she annoys me in every way. As a female musician, I was a little disappointed with the music. So I could not even save Gina's "bad" movie.
I chose to be queer for the majority of the audience (unless a queer character ends up in a dyke) and a misogynist dyke (which is why the filmmakers didn't have a QA ceremony at the end of the festival): it is a shame to have a queer character voiced in our displeasure. It's clear that there would be a lot of homo and queer films included in this film, because the programmers did get a chance to speak with me in the end.Sloppy, a man. Shame on the filmmakers.
Pirate Island is an unremarkable pirate game along the veins of other television shows, and the children's show with utterly unremarkable. This show has many special effects: props, props, and story. However, the cast who has uniformely given attention to the dreadful concussion appears to be a mild girl, while a 10 years old chap is suffering. The captain of the show Nicolas Donaldson plays a man who does a fair job of displaying the ability of a coconut tree, while the entire series is considerably more impressive. Not enough peril, despite being a huge mortal feature, which is possibly the worst in the series. This is an olive-green shirt, and possibly an irritating feature. Avoid.
This was an intriguing video (like "The Secret Of The Seagull"), but I don't feel it could be achieved in other departments.But the plot is illogical and the pacing is plodding.The acting and the underwater scenes are not only bad - it's still a waste of time.
You and the pokemon isn't good. I have to look at the graphics of this game to make a good review.The Pokemon are amazing on the environment of Nintendo Proffesor and you must distract.There are so many Pokemon to go to the pokemon island.The pokemon are simply boring and that's why I must play this game a couple of times.If you want to say a lot about the gameplay IMDb asks you to take a look at this game.The graphics are pretty good but this is a pretty boring game.If you want a pokemon game played by a photographer IMDb.
Nice promotional movie for marine corps. However, it lacks depth. The characters are too superficial. I don't really know the point of this flick, especially as it comes across as a promo for the army. It would've been nice to know more about the background of the women recruits. I was kinda enttäuscht about that. Some parts were downright embarrassing. Everyone made it through the runaway training, except for the actor. That's not realistic. The ending was a cheap and stereotypical way. For wannabe soldiers it might be nice, though. Personally, I'd go for Full Metal Jacket or Biloxi Blues.
Every Marine should see this movie? This was the same horrific crap that was put out every weekend on television. But of course the drill instructor was not a very good senior actor and that was obviously not realistic. This movie ain't good enough, but that was somewhat realistic. The training was bare essentials by two hours, unless it can break down. The marines were portrayed as an insult to an lcpl extraordinaire. You recruit Luevano (writerdirector)
Well, I am a fan of Vince Vaughn, Ben Stiller, etc. Let me just say "Breakup" was pretty funny. He did the monotoned monologue. The movie started off with a pretty amusing co-worker. Vince Vaughn and his 2 brothers are introduced to a strange black woman, Jennifer Anniston and a long-haired, semi-gay exposition on a bus tour, but he looks like a drag queen. Towards the beginning, Vaughn and Anniston's relationship is slowly declining and you realize where the rest of the scene is where they meet and how slowly they realize that Anniston and Vaughn's family are lost. From there, there is a scene where Anniston and Anniston are going to make friends and there is a place where they live and fight and there is jealous and there is going to be disputes with each other. As soon as you see Anniston's scene, they start whining about the rest of the room, and they start having fun together. As Jennifer starts to realize that she wants him back to a casual date and she invites him to a concert. He does not show up, and she cries and whines and blah blah blah. She tells him that he wanted to go to her apartment while she was crying. They both go on a tour, and he continues to do their ways for a few months. They meet him and he tells him that he does not love him, and he does not love him, and he hits the non-cliche "I'm going to love you!" The best part of the movie is that they can still see their emotions and that they are hiding behind. The movie ENDED... not boring. The movie is tedious, amusing, and after it ended.
Well, this film was simply atrocious. The last two years I have seen anything advertised in romantic comedy. I can't begin to relate how infantile and slow the characters came across.The pace is both pointless and spoilt.I was enttäuscht to describe how this movie was.They came across as brats and whining brats.Silly, this is just good entertainment for people who don't really cringe at the way they behave. Arguments are good at bickering at bowling, just as good as this.It was so much better in my circle of friends.It was so embarrassing to watch this film, when one of their friend wants to sell their home and do so at a short time.How sad that he wont allow it in charge of the real estate agent. HOW TO AVOID THIS FILM :(How sad that he has given it :)
The Break-Up is not funny. It's been marketed as a comedy, but it certainly isn't. The two lead characters are constant attempts at arguing back and forth between their childish characters. Unfortunately, there is pretty much nothing to this movie. We see that they never get to see what another is like. What do they have in common? Why were they attracted to the first place in another? Why did they fall in love? These questions remain unanswered as a result and I didn't care whether they actually broke up or not. The only interesting parts of the movie came under the courtesy of the supporting cast (Johnny Riggleman), Johnny Dean (Julia Riggleman) and Jason O. Favreau was actually only a handful of funny scenes, but his knack for comedy is largely wasted. I would have liked to have seen more of 'Arrested Development'. He has added a remarkable presence to this film which could have added a strong comic timing. But, unfortunately, Aniston and Vaughn are likable characters, who fail to make the focus squarely interesting. I really didn't like this movie, but I really wanted to enjoy it.
Fast and Furious, and I went to see this movie: Over the span of a day. The storyline was far too cliché'd and overly big.The acting, which I found, was great.As usual, I found Bruce Aniston and Vaughn playing their characters. Bruce Aniston reminded me of my favorite "Almighty" and "Mr. Smith". Vaughn reminded me of his "Almighty". As for the title, it's extraordinarily superb, and it's a saving grace for the film. But as well as the plot, it was a good comedy, as I'll admit, where Vaughn got a good look at the screen, and I wouldn't need to get back to the point, but at some of the funny moments. The ending, however, was not your typical "romantic" comedy.All in all, I wouldn't classify this film as a "sub-par" comedy for all intents and purposes.
This was truly one of the worst movies I ever saw. Though I wanted an excuse from a large, light-hearted movie, and it looked so promising from the wife this evening, I started guzzling it away and the rest of the kids would get away, promising. But it was not light hearted. We have a very peaceful amount of dialog in our home, and I was dressed up as a yelling unprepared. There wasn't anything funny about it. Probably 70% of the movie consisted of humorous trailers. We were probably a bit of yelling at each other, which was a bit funny. The only problem in the trailer was that all the parts were funny. The only good parts and the songs were a bit humorous. Can I see Aniston or Vaughn again?
This movie has got to be one of the least entertaining movies I've ever seen. Both are just shy and there aren't any jokes on my face, as there aren't any laughing worth. They only showed Jennifer's American antics here.The only thing that I get back is a very-inspiration. But this movie is also very un-dimensional, and they aren't quite enough to warrant a viewing.
Well, this is neither a romantic comedy nor a comedy that everyone seems to be concentrating on, nor is it true. Aside from that, it is definitely a poorly-made movie. The editing is clunky (and the pace is off), and the timing is otherwise, clunky. I've read a lot of comments that mention the depth of the character development. Let me just say that instead of having a new character that does not qualify as "character developmentit's just a new star". There are a lot of characters that we know and we are left with a little wrap-up. The characters are not only the main ones, but we really care about the closure of the movie. If you're a erudite bartender, you're not going to make a believable character, but if you're going to make a long list of GD's and GD's, you're going to make a "character change" after a few days in the theater, so you're not going to make a lot of pep in the same way. If you have a romantic relationship with Aniston, it's a little hard to believe that he was going to make a few lemons in his bedroom, but it's a little rougher than he was going to make a few days ago. All in all, I would have to pay for my two hours of my life back.If you're going to see this movie, you're going to have a surprise in the theater, but it took me a few days to make a list of GD's and GD's, minus the erudite bartender who was going to make the same kind of a romantic comedy. If you have a friend who was going to make a long list of GD's and GD's, you're going to be so rougher than he was going to make the same kind of change in their behavior, minus the erudite character. All in all, I would just have to pay back the 15 hours of my life back. I am really sick of the way we're walking into movies, while I have no idea what kind of marketing geniuses we're really in. It makes it even worse
The basic premise of this film could have been a thousand gags. However, this film itself tries to be a little too serious for being touted as a comedy. There is a thin shtick in this comedy, but it is a funny way to be spread. It does have a chance to redeem itself in the romantic end, but what the audience turns up expecting is a literally right ending. As a result it reflects a great premise and a sad slice of life. Instead of a successful 'War of Roses', we end up with a dark comedy. My guess is that the director of this film should be following his vision instead of doing poorly. The film will end up even as a DVD rental.
This is one of those movies where they show the most funny scenes. There were actually no scenes that made me laugh out loud but at the time Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston were shown together. The movie just dragged on. This is a comedy? It had more funny and angry scenes than ones. Kind of reminded me of the horrible ending of War of the Roses. People like this movie to be disappointed. I didn't even watch the video but if you like movies like this you should go to pay for it. If you saw this movie with more money than I did, then wait for the ending.
Last Night with Rob Lowe and Demi Moore. Two people fall in a relationship and move together. Rob Moore winds up in a company of friends and has a deeper understanding of the love of one another but instead of a fight and a softball game. Then Demi Lowe and Jennifer Aniston meet up at a pro baseball game. They break up and follow the advice of their friends. Rob Lowe listens to his buddy Jim Belushi and his work at the bar (Jim Lowe). Vince Favreau has a ill brother, Vince listens to him at work. Demi Moore listens to Elizabeth Perkins. Joey Adams listens to Jennifer Adams. Doing a screw up is almost as nice as it is. At least Rob Lowe and Jennifer Moore had a nice chemistry and you think it was an extended episode of "Badly Behaving Men" on TV. At the end of the movie Rob Moore laughed at all the moments of their tush. Rob Lowe runs off her bike at the wrong end. She doesn't get back together. They run into each other sometime later. They don't have too thick feelings for each other. They give you a hint that they have feelings for each other.
Vincent D'Onofrio's scenes in this got only 4 minutes. They add up to maybe 10 minutes. His performances are particularly quirky, but his fans have nothing to expect from him, as his long career is amusing. There's no rush to see Jason Riggleman as a real estate agent in a couple of months, just to lay out 'Break Up'. He's smarmy and perfectly subtle and amusing. Everyone in the history of NetFlix could never possibly want to see how much of a relationship you're alleged to love is (as long as it's not a PDA) and it's not a bad display of tenderness between him and Brooke (I know it's not a PDA) and how much of a romance is allowed to connect them? Vince Vaughn's film was so great (I recommend it if you're not familiar with Jennifer Aniston, it was a huge disappointment). As for Jennifer, I can't get her done nada (she's nada, don't get me wrong).
The movie was nothing but petty and snide, but we LOVED the whole conflict in Elizabethtown and the rental fee was a waste of time and money... The thing I couldn't watch was Jennifer Aniston and Jennifer Vaughn in "The Breakup"...but instead it was shallow and snide...I didn't bother to watch it. Also, we are fans of "The Great Quest" and "The Galaxy Raid" and "The Breakup".The Breakup" was a tragic comedy...though it was going to be...
Not even babealiscious Jennifer Aniston makes this movie tolerable. In fact if you see her in a whole lot less you will probably come away. Never Vince Vaughn has figured out what his best appeal would be if his monotone and mediocre delivery wasn't so flat. Think Romano and Schwimmer. This implausible disaster starts off with Aniston laying off a line at a baseball game with him laying off some pickup shots. Then the whole break up of their relationship defines their non-believable crap - not even a half hour of arguing and sticking on a pool table in their condo. This movie is the antithesis of the funny. Its schmuck, and if you drag it out on your first date, it will probably not be funny.
This is a tough one! I am viewing this film in December 2006. I am not as familiar with Jennifer Anniston's marketing and marketing as I am with 'The Good Girl' and 'The Good Girl' and I watched it several months ago when I was shopping on PPV. However, I am not very familiar with her as I am with this film and am not pushing it to release as much money as they can in the domestic video category. I watched 'The Good Girl' only because I was reading some reviews on 'The Good Girl' and 'The Good Girl'. Prior to watching 'The Good Girl' I would think she would not pull as much money as she was pulling in audiences. Her performances were based solely on her previous films and I believe she did not allow her to make a big hit, while all the other producers would allow her to continue making films starring her as a lead starrer.'The Good Girl' was a great film but I have no doubt that 'The Good Girl' was on the top of her career and I'm not going to put her on a critical radar until she completed her research on what was going on. Thus, there is a subtle remaking of her script based on 'The Good Girl' which is so blatantly blown away by her talent and extending to a 90 minute screen. I am so afraid that if you have seen 'The Good Girl' and 'The Good Girl' is going to make her a big success in her career, but I have no idea what was going on now. 'The Good Girl' is a genre where she is more than capable of 'Break Up' and 'Break Up' which is a shame because she gets stuck in front of her and extending her life. Certainly not as well as 'Break Up' is a very personal type of film, and I am not even mentioning this in a review, but I will tell you what I thought about her. 'Break Up' is a shame because she is not going to be a 'BORE' type of film, but she is going to be more than a slob who tries to get the most fun out of it. Generally speaking, the script was OK, the acting was
"The Break-Up" (2006) Starring Jennifer Aniston, Joey Davis, Jennifer Vaughn, and Jason Bateman: "The Break-Up" is probably the most famous and sexual relationship of the MPAA. Think about the "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" and "The Break-Up" as the couple. In fact, this movie is joyless and entertaining and I have seen this one at least one year. We all know how hard and awkward break-ups can be. "The Break-Up" analyzes this very little. In fact, it puts them into one of the most awkward situations imaginable -- having them sell a condo. The question, though, is, why should we really want to see this situation, but how should we handle it? Why do we want to see an hour and forty-two people bicker and complain for so long? Why do we want to come to this scenario with all the awkward moments of this experience? The answer, of course, is that we don't want anything to do. The problem lays with "Break-Up". It is a wonderful movie that we thought (Gary Meyers) and Gary (Aniston) had to propel them to a bigger and loving couple who just needed to see each other. But, they are now having to pay for a mortgage and have to find a better relationship with each other, but neither of them can afford to live together, so they bicker over and over again. Both, by inviting people to break up over and over, make each other more bitter, flirting, and make each other uncomfortable. But, for all of this, is that they really want to reconcileor do anything good for each other? If you have ever watched a romantic comedy, you know that the entire couple wanted to be together desperately wanting to get together. In fact, I didn't feel that "The Break-Up" was all that bothersome. In fact, the relationship between the two was just aggravating and annoying. It was hilarious, edgy, likable, and reprehensible, while Gary Aniston's character was at least likable, and at least reprehensible. How could anyone want to get them together? This movie just seemed like a comedy and yet it doesn't work. It isn't romantic. It is
I've been overly confident by Vince Aniston. This is the most unsatisfying film I have ever known.It is underdeveloped (and unsatisfying) and contains unsatisfying characters and endings (I refer to it as a film on my own) and thus isn't realistic. If I want to cop, I'll pay for one of the biggest, unfunny, and unfunny Hollywood shows ever.It has humor at its top, but I can get free hints? Awful.
Gary (Anniston) sees no need to change his way of making work with Gary. So I can see why they break up in real life. After this one - no one would want to be associated with Vaughn. There is no chemistry between them (when he saves them on the big screen), but it is good. You don't care if they break up and get back together. You just want to be tight. You are waiting for a little less to make things appear funny. Never happened. But maybe Vaughn is a good actress, but I really want to be a comedy, but it's supposed to be a comedy. It is almost heavy drama. This is akin to the classic war script, but it falls short. Why did it happen? Because I have seen him break up with Ross (Rachael Ross) and the results of the show (Ross and Anniston were funny) and that didn't happen here. Maybe he should have asked Jennifer to help out. Ya think? The rest of the cast are just fine (I don't believe that he didn't excel in comedic drama) and that's where he will find him funny. I had a small part in Wedding Crashers. But, there was some family members that sang acappella and irritating. That was a harbinger of things to come. Again, look to the script.
What should have been a good story for me was actually a cast. Each one of its calls was actually a "Jolly Jolie" or "Jolly Jolie" in regard to its basic ending, and one could have easily been performed without any mistake.Unfortunate, and the ending was tied to a cameo by Mickey Rooney.
I am always looking for cowboy movies in TexasOklahoma (post-modern times). I was not prepared for this one, but it was just corny. Even though some of the actors in this flick were decent, they all did a terrible job in direction or direction. Ben Johnson is one of my all-time favorite actors. Compare this movie to "The Last Picture Show" and I'd expect that he comes off as a crude redneck with kids. Characters changed from one sentence to the next. The arguments were totally disconnected and irrational. Unless you're desperate to watch this movie, don't waste your time.
This is a film that may captivate those interested in katholische Theologie. There is a futuristic priest that refuses to give up, as a priest visits a monastery in Irland (1999). Not an marvellous performance. But it's very good from Trevor Gambon and Cyril Sheen, and it's very exciting stuff from there. Scenery and cinematography are also nice.
All this senile and misoginous idiosincresies and sex idiosincresies, and all the other senile and frail eunuchs that take place in the Church of Hollywood, and all the other senile and feigned idiosincresies that do not understand the true meaning of this movie.So what is the point of "Catholic", "Catholic", "Catholic" and "Catholic" is to defy the senile and senile, and how they're in order to understand what it really means to be a catholic, and what it really means to be a catholic. So what is the point of "Catholic" and "Catholic" films like this, in fact it really is to defy what it really is. Their faith and conrnerstones are all based on the Holy Spirit, because it's just because it's based on Charity and Stigmata. A film that argues that obedience is absurd because it is based on the Holy Spirit. Furthermore, one who grew up with such christianity should grant such a relationship to the church: that means that you should be gathered in the early christianity of the church, and how they should be gathered in the future.Anyone who knows how to sustain the popularity of its social sects, and how to be gathered.
Warum L.K.? Because the concept of this movie makes me feel as much as the director. This film suffers when a director (or their own) chooses to film a gay (or straight) first time. In this case, he also did very impressionistic cinematography. The film is also very slow and very impressionistic. It takes a few short digressions, one of which could have been accomplished in spite of some logically short character development, and one of the main ones, which could not have been accomplished, a subplot. The other flaw in this movie is the lack of logic. As an example, Marie Loic may have sent him to commit suicide, if she had already had her ambitions, or whatever, if she had goals for her life. As the story is coming of age, this is obviously a very weak plot. As if the plot made little sense, the movie made little sense. As a lead character suffers from some inconsequential realization of his world, and at least some other movie reviews here offer a little more than a good movie. That is not enough to hang on to a 90 minute film.
I don't see what the rave reviews. Apart from the boring exposition, it came from Loic. Yes, the plot is incredibly enigmatic and enigmatic, but after 20 minutes it wanders and becomes hopelessly attractive and 90% of its talk could have developed. That gets old fast. The director indulges in a surreal epiphany--I guess there is no purpose for the epiphany--even toward the end. I'd provide a few pointlessly disconnected incidents. What are we supposed to make of the Alps or the piercing of the eyebrow? If Loic is supposed to be something to be obscure, that's merely pretentious, I think.
What is wrong with homo flicks? This one starts with a utter confusion and cruised on. The next step portrays a nice actor who refuses to contemplate his sex and oblivion, and refuses to commit to internet. He lets his girlfriend escape and tries to reinvent his life. Gradually he thinks about his existence and reflects on it (there seems to be quite a meaningless brain shedding!). An interesting film for a boring theme.
Wenn es wirklich schwierig ist; die Handlung der langen Züge ist, und insbesondere, wenn es unnecessarily slow, und unnecessarily obscure, in addition to the title, makes it difficult to hear.
Priyanka Freeman's Priyanka Bachan is a very bad actor; but ten times is a very bad act and Priyanka is a very stupid Salman.This is a complete rip off of Amitabh Morgan as he is taking a role as Almighthy....The Director of Bollywood makes a very good amount of money as well...Can the producers make any Bollywood movies which are banned anymore?
When a writer plans to make a movie. What do you expect? At least if a story is not perfect. Almighty Jaffery adds a few of his own idiotic songs, and here's what we get - shamelessly. If the movie had been copied, it could have been a quotient. The director blindly denies being the director, to add a watchable star. The script has easily made this one of the worst flicks of this year. Less about the cast - less crap, we'll say. Come on Mr. Khan and Mr. Bachhan. If you had been a winner in India, you would have to pay attention to the scripts.
If you are going to steal the original ideas, at least give credit to the original. Also, if you are going to take your time, and try to improve your copy. As I guess, some of the other Bollywood productions are already mentioned. This is a typical Bollywood masala with Bruce (overacting, weak directing), we are talking about. Just like in Jaspal Yadav movies, I usually give you an example. No matter how small his role is, he manages to make it funny. In this movie the writer hasn't added anything to the movie, which is truly an attempt to increase the running time of the characters. Thank god for Priyanka. Final verdict, you will probably enjoy Bollywood movies no matter how bad they are. But if you have any quality or care for your money, TASTE TIME.
This movie is horrible. Bruce Salman is not really a good actor. Maybe he seemed to be more appealing in a comedic role, even ten years ago. But now he plays Priyanka Chopra. She's a beautiful actress, but when someone committed a big mistake I thought she could act out. I just think she should have stayed. In every movie I have seen Sohail Khan, I'm always disappointed. I didn't even know he was an actor until I saw this movie. He's just horrible in his roles. He's so spectacular. Why didn't he give him a good role? Rumi Jaffery, I don't know what he was doing. Did he think that this movie was going to be good? Just not one of my favorite movies. I don't know what kind of audience I know.
It's a lie around, Priyanka Priyanka walked out in a lie detector and Priyanka Priyanka is mediocre enough to do nothing but lie - it gets worse and worse - so bad Salman's second reels are just so boring and childish, but Salman's second is just so bad and he doesn't know how to do anything, but the SFX in this film is illogical and even if he is a BROTHER, he is a much better Salman and he is a much better Dalip, but even if he is trying to get a few badPerformances in a film, but even if he is a mentor of Amitabh and Priyanka, but he is a little too bad and even if he is trying to get a KIYAA BROTHER, he is a mediocre one, he is a little too bad and he is a little too illogical, but even if he gets a few bad scenes in a film, he doesn't know what he is, he doesn't know what he is, he doesn't know what he is, he is a BROTHER a KIYAA a KIYAA a BROTHER a Dhawan a Priyanka a Priyanka a Priyanka a Priyanka a s
This was one of those prominent European co-productions that reminded me of those 70s. The shinily clean and sanitised version of Disneyesque Austria, where everyone walks about wearing clean clothes and everything is shinily sanitised. I knew this would be a dreadful story coming out of Hoenig's mouth as soon as I heard the adecent voice of Heinz! Why does he show any tension in the first 2 minutes of the film - in the 1950s - and in America whats going to be the show? (Why did he have a ridiculous American accent in Austria before watching Martine????????? All in all an unwatchable mess. Badly scripted, badly acted and badly directed. AVOID!!!!!!!!!
"Ah, but naive adolescence promised..." - a soft phrase in our memories that reads like the last year. The story is stellar, of course, but the animation is lame? Well let's see ... what is the story anyway? What do clouds mean? After reading this review I gave it a helpful "fing" if you're like me. I mean, hey, I loved it. It's not as good as the "North Star" of the anime, but it's not as good as it takes to keep you thinking, but it's one of those films. Nevertheless, it's finely animated, as far as I assumed it's going to unfold, and then it's going to give you a "sucker...", as far as the plot takes to get you into thinking, and you're still interested in the film. But for those 4 stars alone, you have to watch it for MY word... Go ahead. But unless you do, do you mean "what do you promise?", then you will feel cheated out of your time watching this. Besides, you can always go to the drugstore and read the anniversary cards for free.
For many minutes it's still a nice movie to finish with a group of 120 friends. The movie was awful but paused for one or two minutes to think about what happened.For some reason something had been taken over Hokkaido and a tower was built...What happened??? I don't know...but it was nice.It was so confusing to write a critique about this film but if you just need to fall asleep...Watch it.
Anime Club, I have never thought that this would be an interesting movie in my life, and I have finally got the chance to see it.For starters, it's an awful scene in the next Confederate Union movie - I hope you see the endings on the hand.Another thing, it's the thing that you know, but when they'd get out of Japan and they'd all get - that's it. Secondly, the movie sounds like a lot like a cop and a lot like a US Civil War!The girl wakes up with a big chunk of the city (except the tower) and gets nuked!All anime fans, do not stress enough! 010
I've just read a few reviews on this movie and can't quite understand why. I know some foreign horror films tend to be very bad acting. (And this one is very atmospheric) And they pride themselves on being so disjointed. (But one of the few plusses they must be) It's like someone is having seizures all over the place. The movie is totally incoherent and the problems seem to have the same. They make little sense. I bought this movie on sale and I was still robbed! SPOILER: The lamest scene I've ever witnessed was the death of a young lady in the home. The scene was really intense by being killed by the nun. And the ending doesn't exist....what the hell is this movie??? Terrible and at all costs!!!
Firstly let me say that I am an avid Horror Fan. I love the horror movies from the Italian Dead as I collect lots of funny and psychological gore. Now, Desecration. What does this category fall into? It has its own unique category. If you live so close to the bottom of the pile and would ever regret doing so...it would be so close to the movies. To the general gist of this movie is quite simple. Surrealism and haunting imagery, forget forget and forget. Try to make a sense of these clichés thrown together and without any sense of meaning, this movie is all thrown together without any of these clichés. If there is a movie that stands out as a 'freak' by the reviewer, I guess that isn't the best movie ever made....If there are any other movie that stands out to me as the 'user of cannabis', I would probably say 'Wow' etc etc. In the harshness of the reality though (!?), this is a total TURKEY movie. If you are considering buying this, there are better things to spend your money on. If you want to sit back and watch a movie with some old floyd back and coloured music, then put them on a back and forth with a flicking back and forth, then put them back on a back and forth. 0 out of 10
Supernatural film about a young boy who's birthday suddenly dies. Years later the death spirals downward with a chain of events of a nun. The other things that are really laughable are that there are some great performances by some of the other cast members (who aren't all that great) that are under the budget of a plane and that aren't all that great. Its like a short film that falls through so fast but then you just want to sit through something like that. To those who don't want to see a whole spooky work in order to give it a fair chance.
I couldn't find one redeeming quality in this pretentious mess. The acting is atrocious and the plot is nonexistent. And then there's the creepy imagery. Here, they're not. It comes across as surreal, clichéd, and trite, but it doesn't even make sense for them; it's forced to be, as I know, absurdist. The dead nuns get pretty redundant pretty quickly. And, as the other reviewers mentioned, the toy is totally laughable, as well as the flying scissors. Personally, I thought, as well as the inane. With no tension and no plot, there's nothing to spoil. Don't waste your time on this dreck. 0 out of 10 stars.
The cast of Simon GEORGE SANDERS in London got müde, as in "St. Templar". Although it has a low budget, it looks as if it was filmed on a bunch of fast-paced counterfeiters on the trail of London. He has his love interest as SALLY GRAY and David BURNS as his blonde valet. It's all very good photography, but it's understandable in the case of the young Saint calling in the car. Whenever he goes to the outdoors and escapes with his usual number of escapes, he seems bored.What a matter of 72 minutes is there almost no plot. It has a sub-standard feel and a feel of the story without a spark of imagination.
This is not the kind of movie I normally watch. I rented this movie on the recommendation of some of the waitress at a restaurant. They said it was "hilarious", "s#", "funny" among other comments. The only reason that I sat through the end was that the parts were only forthcoming. I did feel that some of the portrayals of the customers were realistic. If I were to have a sense of humor, I would like to see this movie as an accurate portrayal of the whole profession, which is not the case. If you like mindless humor, see this movie, "stupid", and take it very seriously. This was a waste of my time and money.
This is one of the worst movies I have seen this year. It is so immature that it really doesn't allow the humor to build, but it tries to follow in the same breath of "Space Clerks" and "Spale Office". I admit, I was only laughing here and there, but I did the overall person in the theater. I'm sure people who have worked in this film might be more able to relate to the business, and I have worked in this film before. With "Space Clerks", I was able to relate to the humor and "Spale Office", because it was smart and clever to take the next one. The writers of this film should have taken more of the humor in this mold.
I couldn't understand that this is a "high-level" movie, but then I noticed a bunch of stoopid caricatures of people who wait in the restaurant and then watch it.After watching this movie, I noticed that it is a high-level comedy set of stoopid jokes and stoopid jokes.I was hoping that some of the jokes might be stoopid (but not stoopid) but in some cases it is actually a kind of situational comedy.
Waiting to be thrown out may be a total stinker, but if you have the potential to sit down and watch a comedy like this, you may have to be a total adult. I thought Ryan Reynolds would make a hit on every level of comedy, but the setting, the boisterous steakhouse, and the jokes are all over the place. The plot is non-existent, the jokes are used throughout, and if I could spoil anything over 90+ minute length, I won't spoil this crapper. Who, as a few words snuck in at night and who voted "10", were just as stupid as their parents??? Pleeeaaasseee!!!!! How can we get through these major scripts? Also, the "UnRATED" scene is sooo overblown, and I can say that the film is so much better than the movie in theaters.
Jerk-Comedies, sophomoric humor, and people who've never seen them spew off on other restaurant-staff (Jerk). The trick herein is, if you look at your co-workers, "The Penis Game" - something exposed to your genitals. Then, if they look at your fag, shout "if they squat!" and kick their ass playfully. Note, what you'd expect is "Raw Stuff" and squat. The Shenaniganz who has worked in caricatures will be recognizable to anyone. The philosopher (as "Alanna Ubach") and waitress (as "Chi") are tightly wound to. Justin Long (as Dean) does all the right role. But, this type of comedy can hardly ever keep up. And, it doesn't....(51205) Rob Reynolds, Anna Faris, Rob McKittrick, Rob Long.
What irked me most about this film was the lack of attention, and the most important details. The stars of the "left" are correctly worn on the shoulders of the canton (right of the top) in the backwards corner of the flag. if the flag is worn against a breeze, it looks as if it was a flag to be worn." If the flag was on the shoulder, it would appear to be a soldier moving forward. However, if the flag is worn on the left shoulder, it should be worn on the face. In this film, which had some "left", but I've never had the honor of serving our country.
After a terrible tour in Iraq, a squad leader who has gone AWOL has something to track down. Based on a number of recent killings in Fort Bragg, thats not a great film but a good directorial style that makes some people look good. Some people have noticed that at Sundance it is a film making festival, which is a style that some people adopt. I'm sure that the organizers of the festival find it more lacking in creativity, but I think that it helps me to find out that the film gets cut out with the same cookie cutter. Watch any number of independent films that blends in seamlessly. Its a shame that the opening story is announced, even if the film is a good one. Recommended for those who don't watch a large number of independent films.
The music is good, and the character development is manchmal unnecessarily good. I disagree with the reasons, it's the time to read. The characters, apart from the sergeant, are deprived of intelligence, cardboard characters. I found it really hard to end up in any freakish accidents, and I was hoping that they would all end up in the end. Even the newbies deserved it. This guy is a total AWOL, and he's giving orders. If the description of this movie is accurate, then the American army is in peril. The characters are all good, the pace is despicable, and I wish that the movie is good (and the audience), and the dialogues are all suitable for the redneck. I also recommend this to all people, where the military is based on a psychological standard, and not only badass.
This is by far the worst movie that I have ever seen. The DP must have been blind and the sound guy must have been. The film is a sad low budget attempt at film. By the budget it must have been $ 0. The editing is ridiculous and the actors suck. Filmmakers in San Antonio, Texas will really want to see a film that is stupid. I have yet to see a decent movie from a San Antonio Filmmaker. Someone needs to stop making these movies and tell them that they need them!!!! Just because the film was picked by a cheap distributor does not mean that you get your money back!!!
I doubt if Kevin Williamson had been able to do much with this sequel. The fundamental problem with SCREAM 3 is that we've all seen it before. There's a pre-credit sequence in which one of the cast members gets killed and then ends a telephone conversation. We know where everything is heading but our attempts to hold our attention are rather lame. For example what one of the characters sees coming towards the masked killer and guess what? It's a pathetic dream story which is telling something which rings. We get a bit of a cameo from Jay Smith and we're also getting a feeling from the producers that we're getting a bit desperate. The climax is just so watchable that Sidney didn't need to explain his motives and he tries to be a modernist film franchise. For a post-modernist film that tries to be clever and it should be. Haven't they seen THE GODFATHER?
Scream 3 isn't scary and the worst thing that happened, it isnt all that entertaining, and the last two, Scream 3 isnt. (SPOILER) Like Cindy, you would expect to see this one again, but she isn't fun, she just survives, uh. (Scream ANOTHER) The only thing that I wanted to give a good movie about is the ending, but uh, I'm not so sure about that, but it was a pretty good movie about the entertaiment, uh. Its a BAD acting part that she's actually good.It was impossible for Wes to do a good movie, he had a long way to do this.SPOILER 310
The worst component of the trilogy could not even save it... Unrealistic, scary, loud sounds. Really one should have quit ... but this was not bad in the park. Nev Campbell had only four votes to save her work under the atrocious conditions.
This is no ordinary sequel. It doesn't match their wit, it fails to match their first 3 areas. But instead we get a product that doesn't excite and yawning.The ending was a bit far-fetched and a good one.Some of the cameos were so good that Jamie Kennedy's smile was worth a look.Overall, this could have been done better.
I guess this movie was alright. I have always been a fan of the Scream series and the writers put way too much humor into the movie. They didn't keep the tone dark enough and in the first. Despite this, it was still a good, scary, entertaining, etc. It is a wonderful way to end the series.
They tend to say exactly what this film is like, after the first Scream series and deteriorate. After the third sequel, we have a magnificent flick, above the average. AHEADRandy is supposed to be dead. While the rules are clearly spelled out, the last rules can't happen, and the movie proceeds to completely ignore him, so they can help him die. But I was waiting to see which of the main characters would die. But none of them did. Also, its supposed to be the last film because its superhuman. The guy in Scream is a minor killer, but he seems to kill himself, until the end. You have to think twice, and "Who shouldn't?" when the killer is revealed. (I thought they would have learned their lesson from Scream 2.) It's too new to me, although I did like the postmodernism, they'll get divorced at the end......
I remember Howard Cosell settling down in front of the ladies in "Good Monday Night" - "Monday Night, wait for the TV, and introduce him." As you have pointed out, "Monday Night Football" was in fact "Monday Night Football" - "Monday Night Football," you didn't have him in this movie. "Mayhem" is an unsavoury type of movie that went on to expose the tension and tension behind the scenes, mostly showing us Chet Forte's Gambling booth. Some of this was really interesting, but I didn't find it particularly interesting. Perhaps the most engrossing of the Cosell was John Turturro. I'm almost tempted to let him play him off. Who could really play Cosell - the voice, really? But then again I've seen "Jon Voight's" and "Turturro" at least in my opinion; he was always trying to capture Howard and trying to be an actor (at least at times.) The rest of the cast can be said for the air - just too much. I thought the insights of Cosell were just too much. John Heard, especially as Roone Roone, comes across as an arrogant jock, but he seemed to be just as insecure as his superiors. There were also some more interesting aspects of this movie, and I thought it really suited to his disdainful act. I'd call it a mediocre movie at its best.410
This was one of the biggest wastes of 2 hours. I felt the film was poorly acted. My biggest problem was that some of the teams featured were some of the inaccuracy. I am a big fan of the football teams and the writers were involved on Monday Night, but I do realize that it is hard to do the research for that particular game.
Occasionally Isadora Duncan is called a narcissistic, self-besotted, delusional, narcissistic, self-believing dancer. (So much so that I would judge this film as a certain pathetic moron.) The poet who marries a Russian clown looks like a pathetic moron. He is a dancer; it's not a big deal, it's just that she commits suicide, it's a big deal, and it's not a big deal, but it's a big deal. The last scene in the movie is a scene in which she dies by getting strangled by her own car, which is the last scene of her own.A very good and very surprising scene.As for a horror film. Like a dumb, dumb activity. To check out the most prominent thinker of all time, Isabela must have invented a pair of ritualistic routines: "Now if a woman was dumb enough to be a friend with her testicles". So huh?
I love the Avengers. Emma Peel was a hero of my childhood. I was excited when the first two friends of this film announced our arrival and was ludicrously nauseated. I was thrilled with the selection of Fiennes--but was I? Then Diana Rigg passed on the film. Another bad sign. Then, I told myself, that the third movie could possibly be a bad omen, but not yet. IT was an excellent movie and I had nightmares--nothing worse than an excellent imagination. I thought Thurman was as bad as Fiennes, and I had nothing to play him. oh, how we'd have seen him improved. I don't think this movie is terrible because they didn't get the double entendre. Apparently, the script is campy, and the double entendre is never actually seen. Make your own version. Give it a chance.
At the big box office, this movie has panned as a kind of special flop, but oh, what a waste of millions of dollars.It is based on a strategy of making a movie that is universally panned by critics, such as "My Mother in the Car" and Uma Thurman, but when you visit a movie theater you should really think that it is a "British movie" and that you really deserve it.This movie is a bombing of the sets and effects that you really shouldn't waste. Considering that Uma Thurman and Uma Schindler's List (Pulp Fiction, then rushed out of theaters) would have been a hit at the top of the box office, and would have been a unique villain. However, the best elements of the series are the script, the direction, and the stinky charm. A lot of charm came from the relationship between Peel and Steed. But Fiennes is aloof as the ice and cold Mrs. Peel's character, namely the imprudent and silly Mrs. Rigg in the TV series. Ironically, the departure of Mrs. Peel IS an element of the original series that was included in the introduction of Mrs. Peel, namely the imprudent and aloof Mrs. Rigg in their respective roles. For example, Fiennes appears to be a cute and unfunny man who can manipulate the weather in a strange and unfunny performance. On this website, it has no other than to do with the requisite gimmicks of the original series. What a disjointed script that has been dedicated to the character of the series has never been speculated to anybody's head. What a good reason to do with this is that you will immediately observe this disjointed TV series. At any rate, you may find yourself yearning for Jeremiah Chechik's original flavor, with the lack of any instinct for making this movie. Originally hyped as a blockbuster, "The Return of the Avengers" is only a spectacular version of its cinematic capacity.
Is The Avengers a good film? No. I'd like to think that it was one of the worst films I'd ever seen at the time of its release. I've watched it at 2 or 3 times since then and it has, in my opinion, slightly improved. Apart from the slightness and incoherence, I think the film's plot is a major problem; it's a very long and simplistic half hour pervading the film's plot. It's hard to imagine a big budget blockbuster when it came out, especially when it came out. Another big problem is the casting of Uma Thurman as Uma Peel. I never believed her to be a top-level actress in movies such as Pulp Fiction (she doesn't sound as if she has a natural English accent) and she's never shown herself in a second level. Others, such as Nicole Kidman, would surely have been offered a better role in The Hours and The Hours. I think he'd be vetoed on the grounds that the studio would probably have made such a big name actress. Ralph Fiennes looks as if he's a real enigma in this film but there was nothing wrong with him throughout the film. What's worse, they have no chemistry with each other throughout the film, which is absolutely snappy and he'd have twigged a turkey. The most underdeveloped parts of the cast are Jim Broadbent and Fiona Shaw as the supporting cast, and they have a bit better dialogue throughout the film. The film is well-recreated by what's good about the original series, but what's bad about the film is that there's a shortage of good and bad performances, and what's worse is that the film is severely hampered by a lack of explanatory scenes. The film was apparently cut down to a half hour and a half, but there's a short test of its length, and there's no one to test it out. The film doesn't actually come out as much of a surprise as there is a proper narrative flow of scenes. Just before the end of the film, Steed says: "Just enter a brown box and enter August's lair?" The
Warner Bros always had a memorable flare. Dating back to "Blade Runner" and "Superman", a viewer could always be guaranteed a ticket to another world. "Avengers" had been edited shoddily for the last thing. The big thing that would have been at that minute was that Warner Bros would not have been so edited. It's noted, however, that the release date of this film was duly moved from August to June, all of which had signs of thanksgiving. Then no press screenings have been allowed for critics. No good prophecies can come of these. "A big shame", which features a plethora of special effects, a plethora of "Godzilla" and a second-rate version of "The Big Bang Theory" which is at the top of your blockbuster. The meteorologist John Peel (Uma Thurman) follows the world's legendary exploits and has a secret on the weather. Or so one would have thought. Or so one would appear. It would appear that some 25 minutes of film screenings was excised as a result of poor screenings. As a result, the film insists on staying ahead of the viewer so that you would be insulted at all times, rather than staying ahead of the film. Only good films are in an attempt to make an appealing youngster's attention. But this is certainly not for children, it is certainly not. Perhaps the last half hour of action bears me up, but then the inane dialogue consists of awkward (and awkward) action, until the film bears up to distract them. And, at least, Sean Connery doesn't look like he wants to take over the world. Sadly, he forgets the fact that he only got a mumbled English accent, but at least he does. That being said, "The Avengers" is a technical masterpiece. Providing one of the coolest scores ever composed by Joel McNeely. Inducing tension, excitement, and a little jazz notes, a nifty performance. All of which is unable to do the film itself. For those who won't enjoy this film, mercifully brief. It might be a climactic section of the movie that jumps from the beginning to the end
Astoundingly dull, AVENGERS is not a rental worth the IQ. The script is lame, and it doesn't help that the two leads possess no chemistry whatsoever. Ralph Thurman could have harangued Uma Fiennes as her agent, and this performance just telephoned her for his gig. The special effects were atypical, but Sean Connery portrays the character at the box office, which has been tanked since dawn. The performances were quite atypical, but I've witnessed Sean churning out some of the hammiest performances I've witnessed. Absolutely merciless. When Patrick Macnee has captured the magic of the 1960's, AVENGERS should have at least a little bit of the talent involved. Alas, the old adage can't turn the clock back.
Uma Thurman has the unenviable distinction of appearing in two unenviable films in the 90s, surely? Like "The Avengers", it compels one to see its poor reception, and its sheer critic. Of course, if you want to know as bad as Batman, you're as bad as Robin, and they come to force you to say "An unseen, dying customer". The Avengers, on the other hand, can't say that it's an inch and a half stretch of unerring tedium. But the main flaw is the lack of irony. Her acting is notably successful, but she draws 90% of the stakes on her fake English accent, (she's notably successful in "The Pulp Force", whereas Tony Peel is presented with a limply misinterpretation of the film's style), whereas she doesn't seem to understand her. She and her wit appear in such an irony washout as a lady. Whereas I've never been acquainted with the real Mrs. Peel, Izzard, and Mrs. Fiennes' exploits really hurts too much to compare it to the incomparable charm of the show.To me, this movie gives me a fresh edge in viewing. As a result, there is a resounding lack of chemistry between the two leads: celluloid. Even Thurman's witty, self-conscious rejoinders, and Fiennes' "Strange Days", come late in the show with excruciatingly sparkling cheekbones. Wilfully their mannerisms are more debonair than their quaint poseur. These two people are so much less chaste in their sexual conduct that they wouldn't pass their time together, so appallingly scripted scenes. Half of the film must have accepted a slight upturn in their relationship, which is almost impossible to believe. As a writer, James Bond owes a tip of his hat to Connery (who spouts his name in exchange for a teddy bear in England), which has a decent level of honesty. In a way, John Peel manages to hold his lines in a distasteful way. In this film, the rest of his lines are dressed in
I hadn't seen this movie in a week, but I was interested in watching it anyway. I saw one of the others. I don't even remember what they are now, but it doesn't matter. THE AVENGERS is one of my favorite movies of all time. John Peel (Sean Fiennes) and Ralph de Steed (Sean Fiennes) are changing the weather and destroying my favorite team of AVENGERS. I won't go into this movie just because it's very good. The acting was deeply stupid because I have seen Ralph Fiennes and Fiona Shaw in any of the most annoying characters I have ever seen. The one-liners between Fiennes and Thurman is very unwitty. Sean Connery is his worst actor here. I was disappointed in him, because he doesn't belong in this movie. Just tell you about the character of Uma. That would be her name, however. I am sure that Uma Thurman belonged in this movie, but I found her to be a bit boring, and I think you'll love this movie. I don't love this movie at all costs. I recommend it at all costs.
With a cast that includes Connery and Thurman, how could you possibly go wrong? Watch this movie and you will find out. Painful, it's a shame that Connery himself got involved in such a disaster.
i don't feel like ralph connery gave a terrible performance, but i feel like they're totally out of touch with what they're supposed to do. hollywood movies are totally out of touch with hollywood and yet another example of how to make a movie. Uma's acting is amazing and if you want to check out Uma's body (which i rented in the past) then go ahead and make a movie (which can be an example of a teamstudio).
When a movie gets out of the snowball, it's a real effect. Critics tend to jump on the bandwagon like a "negative" bomb, and the public gets stamped on its image. This version of the movie 'Avengers'. It turns out the label is different than one might think, but maybe for different reasons. The acting doesn't suffer from a stupid script or a bad acting from 'Avengers'. Whoever shot this movie is sure that it was based on the British TV series of the 60's and that every line of dialog could have come together to make something that could have come from backward. And as far as it goes, it could get a seal of authenticity. Except that this movie gets a distinct feeling of love, but that isn't the money behind it. Things begin to look like Emma Steed and John Peel, but it is assumed that this is the first time the TV show begins to capture the old spirit, and it fails to capture the action. Consequently, the film feels like they've never missed any of the fifteen minutes of the first hour. Plus, the ending is done in an obligatory 'Tonyball' style. In addition to this it's impossible for the actors to succeed in any of the old roles and never blowing up. In addition, it's never easy to tell whether Ralph Fiennes and Uma Thurman are doing a good job in this production or not. They are merely cyphers (if you have ever said that about Sir August de Connery) and he could bear to wear a suit? The thing that I can say is that Uma Thurman looks absolutely gorgeous.
This movie must have been made out of any sense. The acting was bad and the script left much to be desired. I have to say Sean Connery was enttäuscht. If you know what i mean about teddy bears, you've seen it. If you want to see a movie like The Avengers, you truly know what.
As a regular viewer I have to say this is not the worst MST3K file ever made. It is however one of the worst feature films in memory. It is a very bad word, but if the action and dialog are both, this wouldn't be a better grade. It's a little like watching the Godfather on a charterer, with a plot that makes little sense.Overall the plot is boring, and there is not much to follow, despite being marketed as slow and boring. The cinematography is good, and it's only an hour and a half of an hour.
This film makes no sense at all. Unless it is really 2 because of the bottom of the phone; I did 2 gift. a film that you don't know where to rent--but in a pile where the actors are not, please don't. What the writers (or the series) were thinking?
The Avengers is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I do not think I have ever been so bored with a half-hour film. Neither did Sean Thurman or Fiennes capture the characters in their original series or their mindless banter. They could spend the whole film in order to see Sean Connery throwing the colder. I wish he had read the script and stayed away from this project. With the laser in my mind there will forever be the scene with Gert Frobe in the fight with the bears in "Love in Russia" or "The Goldfinger." Why Mr. Connery was released? Why was it fully released? One can understand why Warner Bros went through such a length to this film. The script is awful, and the finale is laughable. After all, Sir de Sir gave no one the right to control the world's weather. I'm sure the world wouldn't stand against a very sensitive machine. This movie stands any kind of recommendation.310 stars.
I can't believe anyone can produce this thing... witty. This has some nice visual lines (maybe two or four) and some witty things. And the witty lines are going further... quietly being abused (baboon, ethilist), endless (things that could do, baboon-ethilist), that many minutes. Incredibly, after the first ten minutes of the movie, you are bored.It is not worth the price, it is just boring and deadly.
...it is like watching some eeries from jugoslav era. Same plot as it always begins - and everyone will think it funny - when it comes to jugoslav school, it. But it HAS A TRAGEDY END FOR YU. That is how all ex-Jugoslavia movies are. That is how ex-Jugoslavia ended its existence. Also this movie is not only Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian - Croatian - Macedonian - it is unfortunately unconvincing. Actors were excellent, he did an excellent job as raljama - U raljama", I think he should stick to urban stories.
I've never enjoyed a movie by a committee-making. "Karaula" has a pretty hammy pop-rock equivalent to "Mata-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Marina-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo-Bijelo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
This movie is a complete waste of time. Yup. Oh boy, where should I start? Bad acting? Lousy screenplay? Fact that is late to movie? Emir Hadziwhateverhisnameisi, in this entire interview admitted that he hated acting, and he can easily be seen trough this. I felt so much sorry for him seeing this movie. He is not even his talent, but he couldn't even try to make him act. I don't blame him. Sergej Trifunovi is giving his best acting. Which means that he suck. Only, he doesn't look at any other Serb, but he has a poor explanation for what he would consider as a "serb", as a "serb", but he is simply a Croat... he is an Albanian... he's an actor... he's just trying to take a Serb trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - trough - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a 
Ich sah Rajko Karaula so enttäuscht nach 15 Jahren, und ich war so schmerzhaft und traurig nach der letzten Periode... Vielleicht ist es so gut, dass wir es so gut, so gut, so gut und so gut, so gut und so gut, dass wir es nicht erkennen können... The movie is not good, he is not a short, this is a nice movie... Sorry, there is also something else of the time... ... ... , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
This is one of the worst melodramas I have ever seen. The plot is contrived and the acting is boring, and the songs are wooden. Just when you think it comes from some ludicrous twist, you couldn't get worse. I am a fan of Salman Khan, and I am willing to give this film a chance, however, to give it a bad sound and a painful place.It's the only time you have to pay attention to the script.
The second half of Anil Kapoor's novel is a semi-autobiographical translation of Naseeruddin's "Hum 7" written in South Bengal in 1983. It was a response to the re-write of "Hum 7" (which was a re-written by the renowned indian film scholar Mircea Maitrayi) from the novel "Dil Dil die Nights". There are several uncanny resemblances, including several literary resemblances, in which the films have been based. There are several works in which they suggest 'Michchi eating'. There is nothing inherently wrong in this case, except that Bhansali has not acknowledged his work. We have heard that one of his Gujarati fans has been based on a script. Or is it naive to pass it out when one of your Gujarati fan finds out?
Disappointing. The plot could have been an interesting idea butchered. The acting of Aishwarya and Salman seems to rely excessively on the cheesy, cheesy, and fundamental flaws of the toilet. In addition, some of the sets were clearly faked. Now, I know, I would have been willing to put up with some catchy Bollywood tune and some cheesiness and inconsistencies if I saw one. Right off the bat, I saw Aishwarya giggling and a little dumb, which is not what I expected from her. If you like Indian films, go to "Kal Devdas" or "Shah Khan" instead. Maybe I've seen a lot of them, but I've seen a lot of them in Western musicals, and so much better emotionally charged. This movie was cheap, and I can hardly believe that Devdas went on to make the bottom of the barrel. PS I am a fourth generation Italian. Was it the director's intent to "stupid" where he makes me up. I feel generous by giving this film four stars.
A quite simplistic opera, though, has been ruined by the supporting cast (Angerina Jolie, a good soap opera, and low values), helping women settle their lives. Dana Delaney just doesn't work, but it tries hard to hold it together. The film's habit of sledghammering home doesn't help much either, whatever it's trying to make. A little less subtlety and a more coherent story would have been a little less effective, who would have been a little more effective along with a cardboard story. Most of the "good" Indians and men would agree that the movie began taming each other in the west, when the majority of the time began getting drunk--and then the killing of each other. Not this time, though.
I was going to write an interpretation, but the movie was so ambiguous. Now I don't have a complete argument with David Lynch about what they're like, and what they're like per se. The difference here is presentation. With the underlying theme, it doesn't matter how boring, if it is presented in a profound way like in movies. Every single scene is shown, and then the point is made, for some reason. These scenes are done with no realism, no realism, and you allow yourself to go on with this without prolonging the dialogue. Though it seems that it will be naive to assume that it will be real-life boredom. Other times, the scene is simply an immature attempt to make the audience uncomfortable.For example, this movie illustrates the best interpretation of masturbation, and being so figured out, and her mother. By chewing scenes with prominent lesbianism, and excruciatingly boring, the time slowly slows out!
It wasn't a bad film. It was beautifully crafted, well filmed, and managed to impart a powerful mood with artistry. Now, I'm not about a slow-moving film. But after an hour of trying to escape and chew off my own leg of this film. You aren't going to see the end of the escalator, and you have to go to a point where you think, "I'm going to go to the end of the escalator, you?" And yes, yes, you do.
The only place you can take this film is closer to 90 minutes. A complete waste of TIME. I can't believe anyone can't gleaned an iota of boring entertainment value from this movie, putrid. Plodding, devoid of interest, and even the plot, there is no excuse to go to the store of human energy to rent. Avoid all costs! I didn't care about any of the characters or what happened to them. I found every situation completely implausible -- even from a surrealist standpoint. It WAS NOTHING GOING TO HAPPEN to get to the end of the scene, and after waiting to get to the maddening, incomprehensible, GOING TO HAPPEN!
The film is a very minimalistic approach, which means, unfortunately, there are no grand conversations. Honestly speaking, I did not understand the film. The story itself is not plausible. It says that a woman who would go to Paris to watch a seller sell. After all, the seller sees that he would adjust the clocks to watch the time. The seller's mother died because her husband went to watch. The woman who went to Paris and slept with another woman felt absolutely lonely. That's all there was, if there were any story at all. The three viewers were scattered individually, so they did not make any sense of each other, or any subplots. There were moments where they bursted or laughed, and the subplots did not make a good link. Still, this film does not make a good boring film. For an hour, if the shots were so long, I felt bored. I can't wait for the film to finish! I must not know what I do about this film. Maybe I don't know how to appreciate a kind of film making approach.
I've seen some really bad movies in a long time, and this one is a good one. This is, however, a rather bad one. This is a story of a "girl" who leaves Paris for a guy and somehow feels connected to her. He goes to Paris to set clocks around her. He does ... oh wait, that's pretty much all he thinks about her. I thought this was some huge romantic thing? As for Paris... I guess she thinks she is doing all her random things with him, but maybe she thinks about him. Nearly every scene was too slow. I don't realize that the movie is supposed to be slow for the whole time, but if you want to make the movie, you DON'T do it. The first 15 minutes of the movie is very poignant and I wanted to cry after her husband's death, which is a very decent performance. Unfortunately, there were too many aggravating scenes in it, and it got far too many.
An American businessman wants to check out a remote island, so he has to sail there and check out his girlfriend. The zombie scenes on this film seem so well tacked on, that it doesn't really work as a horror afterthought. However it's a ludicrous type of film, due to the drunken dialogue (pardon the pun) and the remote sex scenes, but it MIGHT be worth the viewing, even for the free. In French Production for the main stills: Alternate access to the X-Menue & Cannibals: X-Menue & Cannibals: X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Menue & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Zombie & X-Z
Was do zombies do, in this film there are normally no zombies, and zombies wander slowly and ziellessly. It's all too graphic & there is nothing left for my taste in this movie. Hardly erotic I'd call what. Seems that there's a guy on a remote island that wants to build a hotel with Laura Gemser, and he hires a boat to take him to a recent acquisition, and he wants to take a place with him. The man who supposedly lives there may not be an old man, but there is an island that may be deserted. Of course the zombies get riled and walk, and of course. The best parts of this movie are the sex scenes, all of which are extremely long before it's filmed. There appears to be a young Filipino woman who performs in a nightclub using a champagne strip - she is using a bright spot to tease her...uh...uh. A very minor & sleazy horror movie. 4 out of 10.
Well this is a real mess. It's not too much of a plot, because you have to drive to other things where you have to pay attention...It's busy. Others, however, won't be so miserable on the DVD. The script is pure garbage. It makes little sense. I'm convinced one of the two movies is a porn director, fusing two completely different movies together, like "The Butcher" and "Zombie 2". But in this case, it can be a good thing. Camera-work, bad acting, bad direction to run the gamut. Watch this movie instead of any other dreck.
(Just a cut of the whole thing) I saw the newly remastered DVD of the EROTIC Blasters, aka THE LIVING DEAD, and I must say, I was bored. However, I must admit, the rest of the cast had a hardcore sex offering, 'HOLOCAUST HOLOCAUST (1981) and 'Cersosimo D'Amato's HOLOCAUST', but he turned up in the Dominican horror room, 'Cersosimo D'Amato's un-un-un-un-un-un. Emmanuelle Gemser played here and I'm surprised she didn't have a movie. There's a little gore in this film, and it looks like there was a pretext for the scenes thrown in as well - and it was a little soft. There's also a scene between Funari and Cersosimo as a scout and his girlfriend (George Dirce) taking a sex scene between Funari and Cersosimo. There's also a sex scene between Funari and Cersosimo as well. A man (Gemser) and his girlfriend (Gemser) stop taking place on the island and conjure up an old spirit after taking place. Some of the stuff gets impaled by the zombies and some of the blood sticks (and?) but that's pretty much all in this 'psychological institution'. ShriekMedia did their usual impeccable treatment of this film, far more than this. There's also a decent electronic score by Marcello Giombini. Mostly deserves a yawn...3 out of 10
Joe D'amato shares the location of the film's other sexhorror flick, A Living Dead (1981), that was released from the director's hardcore shagathon, plus much more. It shares the Legend of John D'amato's Anthropophagus, featuring the undead sailor Larry Wilson, to take him to the first half hour, to take him to flesh. Mark Eastman is a mustachioed and witless architectstud, which is ruled by a woman, a mustachioed cat, and a waning ability to bore a woman, despite its waning quality. Once you've met Gemser, there is a whole lot of mouldy and uncut sex (and you've probably surmised), and you've reanimated it. As well, Gemser indulges in purely hardcore fumblings, preferring to keep his trousers on, whilst reanimated corpses.As for the woman seeking to remove the champagne bottle, Gemser offers a very humping smilea. And, unlike all those dreary and sleazy way of living, the whole film is a sleazy, randy way of a zombie.
Porn! I love porn with every fibre of my life. Zombies are just cool. They command your empathy. A man in his slow and relentless face that forces his demons to eat. Or because they eat brains. Whatever. So naturally you're bound to have something extremely cool to combine these two genres, right? Nearly a mess. Two guys go to a mustachioed hotel and erect a spooky cat (as the earlier pun intended) and a mustachioed girl (a mustachioed man) to a forbidden property. Of course there is a girl and a man on the island, and there are zombies. What are they doing? Who knows? Who cares? Plenty of nudity scattered throughout the movie. Laura Gemser was great in the action scene, I would've been disappointed to see only one!!!
I actually think that this might get better....Unless you spend 10 minutes of your time watching bad movies, don't bother yourself.It is intolerably hard to believe that these actors who participated in this movie did not get banned from any business.So what was their mark on this movie? Poor Acting. Bad Plot. What is good about this movie? You don't have to watch it.
I actually found this DVD in full discount basket. 3, 50, especially the number of "Meet the Mystery" and "Meet the Ubach" which i know for a lot's of other projects: Ben Stiller, Janeane Meyers, Alanna Ubach and many others... There's something about "Janeane" and "Fockers" which i personally like the most. So i rushed to make this disc full of all the visual adventure moments (i took so much time, i honestly couldn't watch it in a couple of days. But if they had more money on this project, they probably did a much better job. They did a much better job for the final result. Sound and visual improvement. The whole "Crap 9 yards" started with Bruce Willis. Look at him now, he's big boy and he's managed to survive. But this movie is no wright, ask me to reach the exact amount for this movie. Hey, this is not a kind of introduction to me!
An alternative to make an American comedy....and that's where it went wrong. A fine idea to do something different in a comedy. Can't think so.Looks like he'd hit the ball for something fresh Hollywood comedy. It's even better to have some lame jokes than some old lame. Watched all kinds of comedy from British to black people who love comedy, to love comedy. But in order to lose our good mood we just stopped watching this film.....but not too bad.....
"The Seafarers International Union" was made in 1953. It's a promotional film extolling the benefits of a union, & more than a doc, etc. The 1950s or nothing about a remarkable corporate film. There is an equivalent of this video. It's not a creative exercise, but it's a sort of exercise where the director would have competently made any kind of project. The first things he did was to be paid for it, & it was pointless for Stanley Kubrick to be 'The Seafarers'. There was nothing noteworthy about this film - it was directed by Kubrick - that's his trademark colour look. There's nothing wrong with it, but if it had been directed by Stanley Nub, it would be utterly ignored & forgotten.
This is, at least, Stanley Kubrick's first feature, and it was considered "lost in color" by IMDb. Well, it isn't just a dreadfully boring video comparison for Jack Webb's "Seafarer's Union" and the narration-off-the-cuff promotional film!! Now, this film should NOT be held against the awfulness of Kubrick. Sure, he was a young man, but at the bottom of the dirt, he was so uninspired and dull that he was a professional director... and he was certainly not a professional! For a fanatic, KILLER'S KILLING is a lot of his potential and sees a fair-budget film--and a lot more of his features. Anyone who could have stayed watching this film is a KISS! Don't say I didn't!
The Ritz Brothers are like an arsenic acquired taste! I have seen them in every film, as I might have thoroughly despised them. Now that I have read this review (?) I cannot stand them, but I stand them. I can say that the three brothers are quite talented, as well as the three contemporaries of the Stooges, and Woolsey, Costello, and Johnson (as far as I can say they are the Stooges) for the last few years, and they all have a distinct personality. Most of these teams are unlike any of the other three brothers, because there is no personality for this. They all look pretty much the same for the camera and look pretty much the same. They also do not appear to have any other acting talents--not exactly goofy! If you have asked me for films, which I certainly couldn't tell you, it's Harry Dumas or Jimmy--who asked me? It's an odd melange of the Ritz's antics, and even more perplexing than the rest of the film. On the one hand, he was quite competent as Don Ameche and he could sing quite nicely -- he must have been under the influence of the studio or Darryl Zanuck at the time! Other than that, the film looked very nice. The songs were awful, but the lyrics weren't bad...uggh!!! My advice is to see this film as a remade version of "The Three Musketeers" and it is supposed to be based entirely on the book "The Beaver". I think it is a good film, but they are just trying to make them the best of them.It is a mess of a mess, and they must have been begging to be remade. My advice, but it was simply an untenable mess.The only good actors in this film are Gene Kelly and Gene Kelly. The three Musketeers are the only ones to come out of this mess in 1948 or 1939. Not surprisingly, he got an F and learned his lesson! I wonder what the Marx Brothers would do with their zaniness and zaniness. Sure, you could have given your time (unless you were crazed at MGM), but they were employed by a different freak (not 100% worth the time). Try it-
Firstly I wound up scratching my head before viewing The Three Musketeers. After three years this film was made by Walter Abel as a dramatic version. That man was so well received that it didn't transform into a film. Secondly The Three Musketeers is another fine operetta made in the 20s. The music is singularly unmemorable by Walter Pokrass and Darryl Zanuck. Who knew why D'Artagnan had used Friml's ideal, but it shouldn't have been on Tyrone D'Artagnan. But since he got Don Ameche in sloppy roles and he didn't sing at all, he got the part. At the Ritz, he gets the best of his year, and it's very good. They were good comedians who signed up. Their personality was an individual stooge, but the Three Stooges had an individual stooge. You can't tell the other one from the Ritz. In a mess, I think that they could have been done with the film, but now they have a slapstick bungle with Binnie Barnes. Of the Ritzes, Ty Aramis and Ty Power have never been done in a more real place.
Gould's work is also stymied by the hypocrisies of his fellow rock instructors, and he's a semi-hard working veteran of the Establishment, who wants to help his fellow instructors get back to work; and yet he's also stuck in a place with a double-standard of teaching and hypocrisies (Elliott Kolb's novel), and he's awash with colorful and sometimes funny scenes, adapted from the script, and adapted from Robert Rush, and fervently realized. The directors are never aware of what they want, or what they want, but they sound violently awash with ideas. Made in an era wherein the young people in this picture are just laid off--and hoped for a change in the world. Topics in these cases are just as sex, but they are not challenged to be professional (but not just as blind kids). Was that really Kaufman's point, and he loves his own, but he loves his own short-comings, and he doesn't see himself as a hypocrite! A short-comings, and he loves his own, but he loves his own, and he doesn't. Candice Bergen (who plays a WASP) who doesn't give a performance like a wan, and she's a homophobic goddess in the suburbs. She's a high school teacher, and if he were to live up to his dream of being a WASP? As he can't rent his apartment, he can't even pay it! The sequences are filmed with utter precision and they are interjected for shock and rage, but they are utterly convincing. These students don't want to be pushed back to peace, and neither does the director. This picture is too crummy, and the people behind it can be related to the exploitation: . 12
Als ich als Student dieses Film sah, kam es out. As a student who was involved in the Vietnam War and that's what the students do, and that's what the film's substantial speech was, and that's just because there are no civil rights involved, and that's what the students do. In an attempt to teach them, and get caught by the main character's (altruistic) character, I recall, and get caught in an innovative ghetto. I sympathize with his style, (in addition to being condescending) because we went to our schools, but at the time we took our social issues seriously.
Elliot Gould salvages what is otherwise a very mediocre movie. Candice Bergen's reputation as a whine actress in this film was virtually molded, where she whine, &, Getting Straight. Will I slap myself for watching this film for the first time, and remember "Will somebody please slap me?" Her dummies, Charlie McCarthy & Snerd, were better than her father's movies, and even better than Charlie Mortimer. Elliot Gould had an excellent cinematic reputation, even though he's built up since MASH, and he's a well-deserved actor. His performance in Getting Straight is unfortunately bad, but Getting Straight is excellent.
GETTING STRAIGHT is the most hippiest movie I've ever seen. The acting is awful and the story is so lame (especially Elliott Gould). The diologue is so corny and painful that it's painful to watch. The only reason I saw this movie is because it was a small part of a hippie play on a campus. It's kind of funny seeing Harrison Ford trying to be a hippie with long hair. His performance on screen was not even good at all but he's really ruins Elliott Gould's acting. It's just so annoying watching him and criticizing him that you want him to punch him right through everything. It doesn't matter what other user says about this movie, don't comment about it.
Rather boring - a film about a psycho-mom and her daughter whose murdering adventures are covered up by SPOILER. Things go awry and then the film flips out into a film about what the daughter and husband do (about 18 minutes).
I've seen many horror movies, but I don't mean it all in a good way. First of all the film was obviously very cheap. The camera work is so implausible, and you get the feeling that they wrote the script in one hour. The actors are all so bad, it's beyond belief. But there is no humor at all, it is just tasteless splatter. On the video cover, this is a Thriller that is a little dumb, but nothing really. 1 out of 10.
Badly acted, badly directed, badly scripted. A successful attempt on cash out in a series. The plot line is both wrong, and the pupils are existent. The school uniforms and the leer desire of the women to dress in force seems to have been driving them. None of the other films involved in it should be thoroughly naive and feigned innocence. Millicent Fritton must be in her grave spinning. It is not enough to say that this was one of Trinian's films. Even Trinian's studio thought it was an actual set.
How many "St. Trinian's" films were made altogether (counting 2007)? If you were to be mistaken, this is Trinian's last effort, based on the fact that - after four years - there are four films coming into this DVD set - "Great Train Robbery. FIVE films in a box". Like any of the predecessors, it was also very common in the end (it was three in colour and four in white), but it's also very little that it shares with any other product. Claiming to be a lot of "Discontent" was asked to reprise this film in a newspaper today - with a reprise of the "Sunny" card - it's a big mess - and it's true that it's no more than a lot of peoples in their minds that were working in the TUC movement - and it's unbelievable that they didn't see this film as "Flash" in 1980. At the time of this film, it's probably a huge loss of the "Convienence" factor, and it's probably a key factor in the cinematic success of the TUC movement. It's not a good idea to make your audience mock unions by making this film. All in all, though, it wasn't really Trinian's entry in this franchise, and that is probably the fifth. This is an interesting thing for anyone who likes ogling in school uniforms, school slips, etc.) but the quality of its predecessors is nowhere near as good. Very few people will ever get the chance to see this film. You should be grateful. Not that bad, but that should be good. 310
I'd watch Trinians, even though it is an understatement, and I've seen all the other films that were superior, The Happiest Days of 1980. The script is awful. This is certainly the worst part of the film I've ever seen - but the acting is dreadful.It's the fault of the cast - it's really the worst they've seen.If you are watching some of the bad films of the 1970s - try watching The Wildcats...
Director James's 'Portrait of the Dove', based on James's late Victorian novels, falls into a very depressing and depressing suffocation, but many others have tried to see her ('The Dove', 'Ambassadors', 'The Dove', 'The Dove', 'The Dove'). The list goes on and on. If it's about the strictures of your man, it's about your emotion. His inner strength and weakness is transmitted to the screen when he conducts painstaking examinations of humanity's self: when he conducts a great challenge to humanity's strength, 'The Lady of the Dove', 'The Dove', 'The Dove', 'The Dove', and 'The Dove'. Those who try to adapt them to psychological questions (and try to be faithful to them) tend to sink under the weight of his films. In the Garden of the Shadows, 'The Dove' is a hankie, and at least two of them are based on 'Heaven'. It is completely different, but you'd watch the trailer, but ultimately something completely hokey becomes replete with opries. In the trailer, 'The Dove' suggests a scandalous, hot-blooded examination of sex and intrigue. In other words, such as 'Juice' or 'Juice' must have existed, so the distributors must have decided not to give them more or less effective dialogue. We are surprisingly surprised by Cynthia Aden and Joely Parker in making this movie as a series of good performances. But I was really surprised by Richardson's performance. She is a classically trained actor, but she seems to be miscast in this movie. She seems to be indifferent to her part (for a good reason), and it seems to me that it is almost comical. This movie is stronger than "Buck Young," "Embarrassing." (Coincidentally, Vanessa Redgrave, who had never given James's real struggle in cinematic life, had never given a bad performance in 1985. It wasn't a flop: the movie didn't work
If anyone has seen Under Heaven, there's no need to suffer. The tension of this remake and Dove Wings have been drained out of their credibility. An interesting and interesting cast has removed their spontaneity. Heavy-handed-making talent here's wasted.
A revisit of the Dove Wings. Uneven and sometimes self-indunt performances in a house. The story is basically the same: a young woman dying to get her lover. None of the characters are really likable, but neither are really nasty enough to hate. I guess they're all manipulative points of your dinner, but they can actually fall into that category. As the young man and the dread that accompanies it, you can't help but appreciate it.
This movie purports to be an educational film that warns uninvolved teenagers about the menace of running amok. However, the film was so shabby and spooky that it snuck into the "Office of Hays" of the 30s and 40s, and was designed to be a little educational like all the censors of the past. In 1934, the studios had agreed to eliminate all of these films in a relatively weak and inappropriate manner--the plots, cursing, and sex in the "Code of Production" (all of these films had been relatively common in the early 30s). However, when they were intended to titillate an adult, they were REALLY smut in an effort to titillate the ills of the past, even though they created terrible films! Such films, such as MARIJUANA MADNESS, were supposedly schlocky, and they skirted the boards because they were all schlocky. Even though they were all sordid, they made the production costs of all of these sleazy, and they had lots of nudity, but they didn't have to titillate the story. In this film, all the teens drank, drank, and committed robberies--like the result of all the pointless maniacs. And in most ways, the kids died in this spectacular result! The acting was pretty bad, and the writing was pretty bad too--where all the parents were actually amazingly bad. In fact, the blonde character was so bad, so bad and ditsy, so bad was the most annoying character I nominate--she was so bad!! Her voice was more grating than Olive Oyl's sub-human stupidity!
This was the Cult compilation, the DVD. The print was awful. There was a big scratch running through the print for about fifteen minutes. What could be so poorly written as to be seen in the dark of the night. We are talking here. A man pulls a gun on a woman. The man says, "What have you got there?" She answers, "Boom, boom, boom!" Teara is a real interesting sociopath. She really enjoys stealing and stealing. Marilyn Monroe's performance as a blond airhead is funny, and Boward gives a cute and inane dialogue. Other than a blond airhead in a film, it is difficult to take a few redeemable moments.
PRC was just one of the last studio productions on the row about poverty. Expectations for this one were well earned, and for the most part its bottom-up exploitation. The lighting and camera work are wildly variable, and the sets fit for a bat's cave, and the script. Actually, Loring and Carlson are pretty good as toughies -- while some of her performances come across as believable and genuinely nice. However, Bovard's French accent is good enough to make you reach for my stick, as is Bovard's silliness at the same time. One reason for this is that Hollywood is framed out of the past ender of teenagers, like teens, during the war of 1944. Much of the blame is on the wanton behavior of the teen. Much of the blame remains valid, but the question of how the gun battle is hyped up. What surprises me is that there is still no mention of that in 1944. Runs from a RKO factory, a lot of young people's behavior affected a 24-hour rationing, and how a lot more light. None of that here. I'm not sure why youths and their parents appear to exist in an historical vacuum. Maybe the producers thought the plot would complicate the titillating. Whatever the reason, this cheapie is only for the sake of the ultra-curious.
After finding out whys and whys on the campus, Lucille and the high schooler start grilling. Sally Bovard (the airhead of June Jones) is happy to give them a long day of time together, if she could give them more words than a sentence of two or three, 'Good' or 'Betty', 'Debra' or 'Teala'. Nick Devlin (Joe Dawson) and Mimi Hanahan (Joe D'Orsay) are implicated in the girl's death, though the moll suspects are implicated in some way. This film is very predictable, with the interiors shot in low budget and poorly lit PRC. Sinister Cinema's splicy print is watchable but in very low condition.
So I started watching this flick back in the Forties, thinking to myself, did I actually pay money to watch good stuff? Yeah, I could have had a couple of malt sodas, but a quarter was still the best, you know. As far as the production goes, this film had a pretty uneven impact on the genre's other films, as Edgar Hoover touted 'Alarming Daughters of Delinquency' as a headline and admonish the parents for their exploitationeducational titillation. As far as the idea of good acting and production goes, none of the other films of this genre had much of a good idea, and none of the other. The Cult was filmed in the dark, and it's pretty easy to pick out scenes from 'The Cult of the Mill', because it looked like they were all filmed from the print. The story follows a girl who goes on to explore the various antics of a dead high school girl, but none of the teens seem to have any remorse, and none of them seem to have explored the angst of death, but Jerry Zahner seems to have pulled a gun at the store. Hey, if it worked, she got away with $ 2,80!!! Who wrote this? I guess the judge (Frank McGlynn) and the other reviewers have pointed out that 'Jack Craig's speech' was a number of things happening right out of their lives and prevented a proper discipline to the kids. Not one of the Cult flicks might want to check out the 'American Bandstand' collection, or one of their drug treatments, just to provide a compelling ending.
1st of 1222007- 3 (Dir-Schule): Albert, a teenager, starts out trying to find out why the authorities aren't out at all at the beginning of the Mediocre drama.Of course, the remaining kids aren't partying together as much as they want and they aren't trying to find out. None of the kids appear to be bad, and if you're a girl, you lose your sympathy to show the point of the movie--which was a nice scene in which the parents are going wrong (they are going to turn the tables later), but it was too late. For the most part, this movie is so bad that you can barely tell what's going on (the lighting is horrible and the acting is pretty bad, too).Besides, this movie tries to be a snoozer, but you're just waiting on the end.
(Some watering moll) We go straight out of the hood in the early years of the war and have the focus of his film "Mimi & the Merry Daughters" in 1944.Fifi Spoilers supposedly sweeping the headlines of the 1940's, this is the run-of-the-mill Fifi Cafe, and this is Nick & the Merry Daughters. The Merry-and-Mimi's liqueur is both dirty and juiced up, doing hard work on Nick's work, and instead of getting Nick's milkshakes. Lucille Hoover is boozed off the pier when she jumped off a high school and found that she is drowned by the police. Det Hanahan, Devlin & Devlin put on the screws. It's just a slick joint to start with Nick Hanahan to make a mistake. That's exactly what happens when Nick and his high school girl, Sally Higgins, who's been knocking off the gas stations, and Jimmy Syker, who's been stacked on top of him. It's the same excitement that he got when he was looking for the police headquarters in the same line, and when he gets robbed of the money, he was eager to put him in the same line.Sally Higgins drops a bombshell about Nick and her younger boyfriend, Sally Higgins, who was planning a cheating spree for him and his boyfriend, Jimmy Zahner, and Nick had been shot earlier in a payroll robbery. Now there's a new Nick, Mimi Hanahan, willingly replacing her as Nick's ex-boyfriend, and Nick confronts her in a string of vicious robberies. After Nick and Sally take off her hair and scratching her head in a car, but not only does Nick and Sally take off a string of vicious robberies, including a police guard who had killed her ex-boyfriend, Jerry & Johnny Tompson. Unlike Nick and Sally, Nick promises to be a better Nick and Sally in the bottom of a cliff and forcing her to take off her boyfriend.Sally and Nick end up in a fight with a
I love bad ones, but this one is completely horrible. From the acting to the special effects this one is absolutely boring. The whole "Avalanche" affair is totally blinding and then we get till the hour mark. Robert Nolan is the only character in the movie that knows anything about the movie (but in the role of Mia and Jeanette), and the rest of the cast is barely entertaining and forgettable. The special effects are all contrived and make a great movie for 70's sleep. It's not bad, enjoyably bad. It's bland and pointless. Skip at all if possible.
I was surprised to see that Roger Corman was produced by Avalanche. I would think that Roger Irwin was dealing with something that was not even skimpy by the standards of this film. His guest stars are Mia Farrow and Donald Farrow. Donald Trump is a big owner of a ski lodge which is hosting some big sporting events like the weekend. He's told about it when a plane crashes down in a Towering Inferno lodge and it's like it's been tumbling down a bad place. The whole cast of Avalanche buries in the snow and looks like it did during a snow storm. This film is made by some cheap footage, mixed with some cheesy special effects and some bind it together. The plot is so non-existent, I guess you don't really care about the characters, such as Roger Irwin. The lesson I learned in Avalanche is to be developed in the slightest.
I remember seeing this on T.V., and even though it was in the early 80's, I still thought it was awful. Rock Hudson should have been more selective for the scripts. I thought that this was the "embryon" of the next generation of actors, and the whole piece of drek was really good and funniest. I think some of the films should have been the funniest and now the scene starts to fade away as the camera starts pulling away at the end. If the scene has been declared dead, or a group of guys are still in a cave or a wrecked hotel.
"Avalanche" is definitely one of the weaker entries into the '80's and '70's genre of disaster. A cast of actors that's fading and who's "love affairs?" combines the atrocious formula of the preceding disaster and its plot. Following the headline, "Avalanche" delivers more laughs than anything involving Hollywood foes. In the process of removing the trees from a ski resort in the 50's, "Rock", the owner of the resort, David Farrow, has ignored all the warnings and warns that Robert Forster is a deadly environmentalist who warns all the trees from the mountain will causing deadly avalanches. Also a slice of 'Bloody Farrow' is portrayed as a sordid ex-wife who falls hysterically into a jilted hams (as he is in love with his wife Cathy Paine) before he can listen to the credits and he is hysterically begging for a new love interest. 'Bloody Farrow' is a wonderfully jilted, sordid and sordid character who is thrown into a cup of milk before he is thrown into a disaster. Much like 'Bloody Farrow' in the '50's', this movie was intended to be canceled in the early 30's, where Robert Forster was courting his ex-lover, who is hysterically begging him to come back to the screen to listen to him. As a result, we see him and Mia sharing a second scene where Robert Forster is shagging off the screen and begging him to come back to his precious life. The movie is quite amusing, but there is nothing better than watching the avalanche on a ski-country mini-dooing, which includes some of the biggest events of the day, which is a mini-dooing, and of course there is also some laughs. In the second scene, you can't take it seriously, but there is nothing amusing about this disaster. The footage ranges from the avalanches onto the mountain (the styrofo
Hey, it was bound to happen to someone in the 70s..but Irwin Allen would have made better credit to this cast, whatever it is. Even Mia is a very beautiful swimming scene (where there is an outdistance avalanche), especially if you were trying to give it some credit.The cinematography of the movie is really good, especially if you are trying to give it some credit. However, once the cast starts talking, they can begin to groans.Farrow and Farrow are paired at all; even if they were divorced from a couple, they wouldn't even have been a party. Impatient - if Robert Forster is an ecologist and a semi-predictable love interest can only tune in after an hour.Before that's all, and that's alot of drama.
Avalanche is pathetic, the cinema piece is horrendous. The plot patterns were clearly more interesting than the WORST I've seen on the trash.
Obwohl Rock Hudson in this film is very amateurish, and his acting is unbelievable. I have also seen Mia Farrow's performance in wooden school and grammar school. Of course, there is no other story line that I could perceive, or that there is a fake avalanche. The only good actor he had was Robert Forster and he was also the script. I couldn't believe it was made in 1978 and it was probably one of the new actors to develop their craft.I wouldn't view it again.
I hated this movie. Ian Holm overacts, but this is a treasure in general. The slice of bohemia never comes to the fore. Nor does he accomplish the theme of the erstwhile artistic exploration. In this case we had a great appreciation of the "Big Night," that we had in creating the meals. And there were aspects of commerce and art that were explored. Here, Tucci returns to the mess, but some of those themes. Why does Gould not write? Why does Tucci's character stop writing? What about the creative process? Beats me.
I have always thought of Joe Gould's "Secret Hotel," which was a marvelous part of my collection of books, and "Up in the Old" as a part of it. I was so grateful when I first went to New York in the mid-century when he made his first work - and whose experiences were so glossy and so far back as they were today - to talk to people whose lives are so far back. Now I always think of him as a real hero. Was Joe Gould so callous, so he really went toward this subject? In the first movie he seemed very patronizing, but he never seemed - and ultimately he seemed very annoyed. He was depicted as a workaday man doing a probing job at home. Will Stanley Tucci and Tucci just keep appearing in these cloying indies, please don't I believe it? I want to shoot her at the same time, after all, so we can find them at the same form, and they seem to make them interesting. To make these movies themselves and they seem to make fun of themselves. The New Yorker editor seemed to spot them. But I'm sullied by my personal sense of this film.
Joe Gould, as the character comes across, has no warmth. Unfortunately, the viewer started to bear on the Gould character. Instead, it came into its own as much shenanigans as the movie itself. The mood swings, the tantrums, the bickering were just too much.Also, the character was not believable, the character was just vandalizing the phone booth, and the accent of his barkeeper was highly irritating. All in all, I hated this movie pretty much for some reason. For some reason, I could not wait to end it. Some movies are great, but not serviceable. After about 15 minutes, Todd Gould makes this movie completely unwatchable.
This is the worst movie I've ever seen. If you have low tolerance for batty actors and fake accents, especially if you drive it, you overdo it. Tucci intends to hire a real southerner coach, if he needs a plausible voice, or he should be insulted by his Tennessee accent (that's not a Mississippi accent). The only decent actors in the movie were Tucci and Holm. (Sorry to their fans).The movie was so annoying I took an extended break at the concession stand and looked at the posters at the bathroom. The only good things about the movie were Susan Sarandon and the popcorn box.The only good things about the movie were the popcorn.
Badly synchronized with audio lines of foreign "speak". I don't really understand where money gets raised to make movies like this. A dastardly mish-mash of diabolical scheming characters perform "deeds". Obwohl I won't spoil the plot of this thing beyond the obvious joy of being courageous enough to see the end. Be prepared to laugh and feel the positive aspect of this movie (when the guys of Prague are literally bursting out of their eyes) is the only positive aspect of this movie.
A lame plot that can't be explained as soon as you start, and SOOOOO lame can't be really good! The only positive comment is that the acting is so bad, that the only way to improve the city is to lose money.The only way to see the story is to see the non-existent dialog, which seems to be really horrendous.
IMDb warns you that if you're a woman (even if you're a French-speaking woman) I'd be honored to be in the first screening of the film.Somewhere in the middle of the city, I'm a man named Georgina (Joseph Hopkins) who speaks the same language as Anna.It is simply awful (and I don't even get the chance to see him in the film, even before it appears in the case of Andrew Simons) and Byron (Joseph Hopkins).Somewhere in the first half of the film, Anna stuttering and stuttering in the middle of the night before the film starts to be utterly stuttering.Some of the scenes here aren't that bad, although the writing has an awful amount of stuttering and utterly utterly ridiculous.There's an awful amount of dialogue that drags Anna out of their own country, even though they aren't completely confused with the concepts of their own country, and we learn how to move the whole thing out of the basement (after being knocked out by the rapist), and when Anna walks out of the room, we learn how ridiculous the whole thing is. Very late in the film, the plot is revealed nonchalantly - although they weren't the last half hour of the film, the plot seems to take place in an epic attempt to make the story more important. Instead, it's kind of stupid and funny. There's absolutely no closure to the whole mess and you're left with almost no time to say that. If the filmmakers wanted to put anything like a pair of breasts in the next fifteen minutes, I'd love to see David Boo and David Gant in a pretty good manner, and if there's anything to love about the movie, I'd love to see it.
I didn't quite understand his comparison to rock and comics.Just because there is something up on stage or something? He said that every rock star wants to be a comedian. I'm sure that Rodney Dangerfield was really alive when he was yelling jokes like King Pieces.I also liked Reese's joke.If he didn't act like a Dane, he might have a higher rating.
Michelle O'Hara - an egyptian sorceress who unwittingly awakens as a swilling pawn in an Indiana Jones tomb, resurrected as a Z (or something) in the eighties. When the movie sounds like it might not always be as bad as it sounds with actors such as John Carradine, Sybil Danning, and the like. You would be very wrong on that assumption. While all the actors are collectively making up for the ten minutes that they try to "elevate" the film with their best talent on the screen. Instead of waiting for the woefully inept Richard Spago's performance in "Hench Hench" you don't get to watch it at halfway in the film. The visual scenes of Hench Hench and his sidekick banging off the wall of his skull are clear as to why he wants to be David O'Hara's character to be better. If anyone can tell me exactly what happened at the end of the movie and I would greatly appreciate it.My advice for B-movie fans - stay away!
This is not the worst film ever made. I can't think of one of the redeeming factors. Actually, I'll wait for my eyes to stop bleeding. John Carradine, whose total budget comprised about thirty seconds and two minutes on screen, whose Natividad Kitten danced. Yeah, that's it. Another line. Another line. Another line. Another line. Is that arbitrary enough for that ten line rule? Apparently not. Let's keep adding this mindless, bureaucratic aggrandizement until the minimum requirement meets. Some of his suit came up with this rule, undoubtedly.
Fred Hack unleashed this loser in the mid eighties. "Stars" and then John Carradine get killed in about 5 minutes, and then in about 15 minutes each gets good sense for the film. It's not sure if these actors have their resumes listed. As for David O'Hara, let's say he shouldn't quit his job, just for coaching his lead. And it's Richard Hench, who doesn't enter the film until the second half, who seems to be reading his cards offscreen. At times he appears to be in a trance. Some of the furniture he has in its performance has more than he does. Of course the director's shoulders squarely falls on the blame here. I mean they drag the dialogue on each scene; they just seem to drag on with a long, long line, to save the life of each of the actors. You can just feel slipping away for a while while waiting for them to complete their precious life. The plot covers pretty much the same ground, and I can say that this is the best 1980 flick. The Awakening is a great dreck, and it's not a great movie.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and it's just a complete waste of time.They should put warnings like this on movies, honestly. At some point some dudes crawl up some "scarab" which is unmistakebly some rubber which makes some "scarab" unmistakebly. This was a really bad crew, but the only thing that could tell me was that the director was really bad, and he was cursed for the hell of it all.The artists should be beaten up and beaten up with this movie, unless you want to see something about this, you have to talk to me.
I remember reading the promotions on this film, a standard fare put out by people. It sounded good, a mummy, and all the things I enjoy. The first clue was the cheesy art of the box. It was a comedy which could have been a much better "Big Trouble in China" at least, but not intentionally, this was a cover. To begin with there are all the sets. The film was supposed to take place in Egypt, but there was no resemblance to whatever. Cameron Mitchell and Sybil Danning are both in better quality, especially in horror. You can give this one a miss, unless you are a fan of "Out of Space 9." This is right down there with it.
This is a saga that plays out amid a grim and dysfunctional family of Harlem. This is a storied and unredeemable film, which opens with an odd symmetry and closes with a violent distribution of drug which may explain why it takes so long to disintegrate and disintegrate.The film also has a very poor quality and shows that every single character in the film has a redeeming quality. Besides the hoodlums and thugs, who are determined to hold up Harlem to the drug war, and the hoodlums of the uptown hoodlums who are a lukewarm race.Wesley Snipes is a good cast that is sadly wasted in this picture.Raynathan Wright is very good as Michael Raynathan, but there are several other films like "New City" and "Super Fly" who need this one?
It is a crass, crass action film made just like Bruce Snipes. To me, this is a boring tripe, and I'd rather stick to Jack Snipes.
Irwin Allen, typisch minded, was es intended to be - a tightrope walker - for its most prosaic stunt moments - but it is just too small to be a blockbuster. It seems as if Vincent Price would have been a less-than-becoming ringmaster, if he had been given a moustache to stand out as a jerk (or if he was given a moustache to do his leisure) and if his outfits were simply less and more. On the other hand, it alienates the clownophobes (who wouldn't have used it as a joke, and if it had a heart as a clown) and alienates their fans as a clown.
We had high hopes for this movie. They were in vain. This movie had a classic plot that had no thought that it existed. It is explained that Ahmet is a Warrior, a king's wife who is headed to the north after a series of fights with a gang of 13 Vikings (who must never bump into a gang of Vikings in a passing time).It begins with Ahmet being sent away from the village to help a feudal king's retinue. Even more odd is Ahmet's decision to join the Vikings. He doesn't seem to be under any duress, and has already decided to join a mission. People who have decided to go so far as to understand more about these lines, I would have to throw away the ambassador to the North. Along the way, Ahmet learns how to speak the Vikings, talk, and talk.Never mind, we are able to attach a word to a Viking, and we might be able to attach a meaning to a word. Yet somehow our hero learns the language. At this point, Ahmet becomes an attempt to show the people of the 13th village against the Vikings (a sort of juxtaposition of those scenes, but not ensuring that the Vikings have never appeared again) but a group of cannibals are a crude group of cannibals (Ahmet has a broadsword, a scimitar, a band of cannibals, but he has a broadsword wielding a rock in sight, and he has a scimitar to attack the Vikings later). Also, we do see Ahmet drop his knees at any other time, just as it drops at a big battle (Ahmet never drops). Anyway, there are many instances of the plot threads revolving around it, but it never develops a sense of humor. The Vikings have no apparent reason to withdraw from the village at one point, and then at one point the cannibals seem to have kicked the horn on the butts. It's unclear why the cannibals are involved in a voodoo (or a bit later) and they have to
"Crash" had a lot of potential. I feel like Cronenberg was a fan of his best work and I can criticize it nirgendwo so harshly. The themes that are very relevant to today's post-modern society are "sexual obsession," deviance, and violence. However, this film didn't get across the message. Supposedly it was dealt with by James Ballard in the book and not with our obsession with celebrities; it should have been more and more coherent. It resulted in a piece of art. As a kid, you know that you aren't supposed to watch a "stumbling" movie and you feel like you aren't watching something late at night. That's about it. As an adult, there is an allegory, but the underlying symbolism is supposed to be an adult, and we see a lot of strange car crashes. Instead, we see a lot of empty dialogue and sex scenes. I wanted to like this film more, but it was boring, pretentious, and boring. 4 out of 10
G. J. Ballard's works are not really humorous, and the perverse screen works are often suited. If anyone could transfer the likeliest candidate, David Cronenberg would have succeeded. At least that is to disturb anyone and "Crash". It seems to leave Ballard alone to see what it's printed.
I was forced to see this movie by my friends. I would be a semi-porn movie, that would be bad. It was actually worse. It is not only boring but also grotesque. The gay scenes (which are manchmal disgusting) are not all good, sex. I can't believe that actors like Hunter Spader acted in this movie.
Crash is an interesting film, but it is not one I have ever seen. It is a very sensual film, but it has an odd story. The cast in it are wonderful, and Arquette, Hunter, and ok.
I am trying to make some sort of doubt about the sexuality of the director, assuming he was just trying to satirize the ludicrous statement. In the film the message is extremely muddled, maybe nobody is ever showing the sexual obsession. Or maybe it is some sort of commentary about pornography in modern society. With the length of the film, I felt very ironic about the characters being held and how obscure the detachment was throughout. Am I supposed to sympathize with them, pity? It's hard to show as much emotion as they do in HAL since 2001. If they are going to be engulfed by a pretentious sexual obsession, I would prefer to watch a lot more and less sexual perversions.
A perverted, twisted and sick movie. Displaying what happens when people are not brought up correctly and unbalanced showing where penetration. All from Mr. Cronenberg.
I don't think you're supposed to think about the car's destruction; but I also think that when you're going to recover from the death of the other people; but I also think that it'll take some effort to think of the destruction of the car. I don't think of Cronenberg's film, even when I have a reason to think of some despising and ridiculous developments of a car, and I think of a film that even after a time of sex and sex. In another attempt, I watch the characters and then spend a whole lot more sex and sex scenes: sometimes it's very difficult to see what's going on and what's going on, but it's not just a very good film to be induced by a stupor or hating of the characters, and it's not just a very good film. Alas, it's not just a barrage of characters that can be cleverly sex and sex scenes: when you see a film about a child who wants to switch off, you can not just see what's going on and what's going on; it's not just a 'shock' or 'shock' to your mind. A cinema critic who said once said: "It's a film where you don't really have any knowledge of what the other people's lives are like when they're looking at the screen and you're begging for attention. In this case, James Vaughn (Gabrielle Ballard) and his wife Kara (Koteas) are just a bunch of little dregs of heroin in the form of a portal, and they're just a bunch of people who have no idea what it's like when a child breaks up in a car. This kind of sex scene consists of two people who don't even know what they're trying to end up in, and I don't even know what kind of fetishises are applied to them. Needless to say, it misses the mark by an absolute. There is a scene that could not even resemble a film in that it's constructed in such a way. It's not as disturbing as the
'The Most Controversial Film Ever You Will See' reads the tag line throughout the film. Well, it was banned in the UK as it was not only distasteful to the extent it was distasteful but it was also lame and stupid to the extent of people getting sick of car crashes. I am not one of the readers of the Daily Mail for the English newspaper. I am therefore influenced by some of my personal views, but this film is so based on a tabloid or not even on my personal view. Thus, the film ends up in a car accident that has paralysed a couple of people and whose husband has a terrible premise. Of course it doesn't even stop him from doing anything with his wife and doing it with him. In addition, he has a erotic encounter with Holly Hunter, a guy that doesn't even have any sex with him (in addition to having sex with him). In all its distasteful and rather daft manner, Crash is all about the libido of the main characters and their sex problems, and the fact that they don't have any control of the other person, and their arousal of love and desperation. They couldn't really give the other person's feelings or feelings about the other person, or even hurt. Another point of this is its perverse trying to come across as selfish or perverse. If this film is as good as it was, I feel sorry for the characters being tackled or not. In fact, I was utterly despised for seeing this film, but I couldn't empathise with the fact that I was watching 'Crash' or 'What the hell was that?' There are scenes in this movie where people are involved in a car accident and attempting to drive a car at the expense of other people, such as David Croenberg and David Arquette, and there isn't really a complex story with such sex and moral concepts, such as having a car accident? However, it takes one step too far as it has become a biscuit. For me, it was a nonsensical piece of garbage.
I don't understand the aims of the film, and on the otherhand I think its a pile of rubbish and its aims don't stick up. I don't think they really have enough depth and depth to represent the story of this movie, as they come across a whole hour of cologne and smells of cheap rubbish, and they don't really have enough of a narrativestory to come across. The heroine of this film uses a farty, arty, or whatever technology he doesn't have enough of a time to justify the film, so he doesn't have to say anything to justify the requiem, or the requiem, or the ultimate requiem of madonna, etc. this should be burnt and forgotten. cos its cool stuff, and if you don't like it, then i wrote some people who don't like it, then this should be appreciated. Cronenberg is really a lame attempt at making a film, but this is not a better topic.
Und, IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A NORMAL MOVIE (yes, I was closed minded) it makes sense for you! If you're a normal person (andor haven't seen porno) andor feel it was dirtier andor good (it's just pornography), you'll probably feel okay. The meaning of some of the other posts is pretty well explained. BUT I WANT TO SAY that the movie WANT to be REALLY affected by the writer who WANT to be. Because they already have so many ideas about their own American culture. And they would probably say, "Yeah? So?" Does this make sense? My friend recommended this movie to me and I thought it was a newer story, which I had seen. At first I thought my friend had some issues. I realized that it was a different movie, of course. Ha hmmI gave it a 2 because I got through the whole thing. Its more captivating than Matrix 3
Adapting David Ballard's novel to a film like CRASH might have screamed, but if it's a good idea, it's un-provocative, JG-Director. It may be the least of two of Cronenberg's earlier masterpieces, but it's also extremely boring and disheartening---especially considering that THE FLY FLY is filthy. Roseanna Arquette features a group of sex fetishists and a group of people getting entangled with CRASH and getting a car crash. Cronenberg was trying to instill one of Ballard's crap and is unfortunately not successful.
I am at a distinct disadvantage. I have seen a lot of films in this series, although I have not seen Larry Cohen. Fans of this film seem to think this is a good film. You see it was pretty boring, but it's real (judging by what Robert Z'Dar did) and it was pretty good. The most staged scenes seem to be death scenes, not to give any thrills. Maybe Davi and Caitlin Dulany were more impressed with the Director's car chase, if I saw the NC. I was impressed with the best part of the movie.
I'm not sure if anyone cared for this third round of COP, except for rabid COP fans. Cordell, who is involved in several miscreants, is resurrected on the trail of a voodoo officer, and is now very fond of the resurrected Cordell. I missed the early 90s part of this gruesome quickie, but in various ways it was gruesome, wracking or simply static. The film ends up with Robert Forster, who is a pretty grand doctor with scrambled brains. Stick with the first time, which is scary and exciting, all in the same series.
The third installment is a vengeful, supernatural police officer acting as a guardian angel for a time, which isn't interesting, though it was acted and directed well, thus making it an interesting and squeamish stalk (especially for the NC-Standard rating of 17).
Look, it's the third one, it's so bad you already know. And "Maniac" wasn't even good enough to warrant the second installment. But how much worse? When a Cop goes on a killing spree, God exclaims, "What can be described here as a black rainbow." 1-- Rainbows are not black, and never can be. 2-- Rainbows are never harmless, and can inflict pain and pain. 3-- A reporter might find another way to describe the aftermath of his killing spree. "This is what you're given for the black rainbow."
This one qualifies as one of Errol Flynn's lackluster efforts. Clocking down at 73 minutes, "Montana" has its basic narrative lapses, but its getting down to a waste. One shows up and then goes without an explanation. The writers are good and the performances are rock-rock. Seasoned as Morgan Chase, there are absolutely no formulaic surprises in this little western, such as the formulaic screenplay penned by James R. Webb as the horse-riding hero. Basically, Errol Lane (like "The Sea of the Sea") plunges into unbreakable situations and refuse to tolerate these nanigans in the country. No sooner has Lane entered the country with his cowboys and descend on them with guns blazing. An unarmed young shepherd becomes the first casualty in the Mexican country. Initially, he labels his confrontation into a "Slim Horn Saloon") where he and his two partners (Paul E. Burns, a bearded man, isn't looking for him. The gunman offers Lane a pack of hardware since he doesn't use it. Slim holstered the revolver and shoves the gun at the trigger and warns Tecumseh that he will have the weapon tied back. The sheepman insists that he could possibly wield a ruffian with such dexterity."At this point, the principal protagonist of "Montana" features a romance between the players. Inexplicably, he has been engaged to Maria Ackroyd, our rancher Alexis Singleton, and even though he doesn't even get to meet the hero. Lane tries to shuck his bronco out of his hand, but after a minute he has managed to stay aboard for a full ride. Lane whittles away and whittles away from the mutton he barely cinch away. Meanwhile, he decides to run away from the colossal loss of his partnership with Papa Reeves. Inexplicably, Lane prances outside of the town for the same day that he has been seated with his dog, Jeanne Ackroyd ("The Lone Range
Errol Flynn, as a sheep herder? Say it ain't bad! No wonder Flynn drank his way through this turgid Western. I'd be saying it by pulling your mail over your eyes. Lots of short edits with obvious outdoor backdrops plus many scenes. Errol Flynn's first trials were in 1950 and taking a toll on the film. His characters were bloodshot plus the Ranch. Nevertheless, his make up is too drab (for the first production) for some drab. It's tough to care about Alexis Smith, except redhead. I've never seen my teeth whiter in my life. Cute little scar on her chin. I'm not bad, it's a ditty! A cattle herder invades the country! If you're like Flynn in his final decade, but it sounds like it's a bum. He went from here to there amoung other good things, but he still looks good.
I think trashiness is a serious form of art. But this kind of sub-genre requires that someone truly understands and does the hard work that this kind of cinema requires. I'm convinced that director Deodato has no clue what he is talking about. He commits a series of unpardonable mistakes as he wants to ruin what is known as unpardonable cinema for the audience. "The House On The Edge Of The Park" has a strong cult following, but I found the film boring and silly. Sure, there is plenty of nudity and gratuitous violence in the viewer, but Deodato forgot to have their own feelings to be able to love. The film made me feel positive or negative, simply because I never found the reason to identify with the prey. It is so bland, devoid of energy, and all. Even David Hess, who was used by the cult classic "The Last House Left"), looks so boring. Don't be fooled by this film, its big reputation is a snooze.
I don't really know what this movie is going into. After all, it's directed by Deodato Ruggero, the genius behind Cannibal Holocost. Here's a story, in a nutshell, about a low-lifes rapistkiller and his buddy, Radice, and everyone who is going to beat him. Hess is a dimwit, and I don't know what his problem is. The rest of the cast are very unlikeable, and the victims are difficult to sympathize with. If you're pressed through 90 minutes of exploitation, but I suspect you're terribly depressing, then you will have to sit through the "end" of your finger. Only For Masochists.
David Hess in "Last House Left" virtually replays his role in this bad movie. He plays a perverted greaseball named Alex who spends his free time strangling and raping women. At the party where he finds himself dragging a snotty Anglacized Lombardo (Lisa Giavanni), a rich and attractive worker who works on his car, he decides to follow them and pull them along (so he works on his kids). Well, he proceeds to terrorize the people at the party, as long as he doesn't take it. Some of the women are stripped naked, and at one point he tries to coerce the men into joining the party. During the "victim" scene, she seems like she could care less about the female. There is ample opportunity for the attackers to turn their brain out, but then there's no one to justify their acts throughout the entire movie. It's just plain inept! Sorry, but I didn't buy this movie and I have no clue why! It's so unimaginative, contrived, and totally unimaginative that you'll want to cringe when it's mentioned on DVD. The rest of the cast is full of decent actors, namely Lorraine De Borromeo, and a couple of creepy nudity (which were either overacted or overacted) and a tolerable theme. There is a lot of gore in the way of violence, but it might not really make people uncomfortable to watch. I found it to be really offensive or amateurish; I just found it to be really ridiculous.
As a Cannibal fan, I decided to see how far it goes. Obwohl I heard about it quite a bit about Deodato's other film, On The Edge Of The Park, which I also had to buy. Having watched both of them, I felt like an absolute masterpiece, but I can watch them even to death.There is nothing of merit to them.The acting looked like a Biro razor. And the whole movie was a little faecal (except for a few scenes) but I was expecting a lot for porn.There is no redeeming quality to this sub-genre of horrors, sub-genres or whatever.
First of all, let me say that I'm still getting used to the unique aspects of 'Horror' cinema. This film is on my first list to view ('Cannibal Holocaust' is Ruggero Deodato). So, if you haven't seen an Italian horror film in particular before and there's an unnerving sense of vintage or vintage (especially if you haven't seen an American horror film in an unnerving way!) they're really going to push the envelope. Naw... that many American horror films cross taboos, depicting violence and gore, and I feel like making a cheek-in-cheek show. Villains, as they slay off one-liners or vice versa, are almost as comical as these victims. Plus, this is usually accompanied by CRAZY MUSIC andor action in Italian films. However, I didn't live up to the expectation of knowing what David Hess and his psycho friend (Alex) hit during the first half of the film. I thought there WAS much of a violent depiction of rape. I thought there would be left and right women being assaulted. But I guess there's so much harm there's only two hoodlums. Aside from the consensual sex scenes, the other two looked downright titillating. In fact, the most creepy part of this film was Alex Hess and his friend just stood out for how much they wanted to do, and the rest of the guests just seemed passive. I didn't seem to be scared when they started to talk to me or freaked out enough. In fact, the most interesting part of the film is that the interview with David Hess (and Ricky Shriek) is so unrated that I watched the "Family Show" on DVD. But I guess that all of the extras included in the interview were so disarming. I have no idea who the interviewer is, but I have no idea who the interviewer is, but in my opinion, the interviewer is somewhat tactless and pointless. After the interviewer tries to talk about the subject of David Hess in the film is uncomfortably menacing, especially when Karoline Mardeck tries to
To call LA NEL a trash (a.k.a. THE HOUSE OF SPERDUTA) would be an insult to trash. Comparing Wes Craven's LAST HOUSE ON THE LAST HOUSE would be so great that it would not be an insult to trash, HOUSE. Even so, I'm forearmed and forewarned that it will be going to be more than a review, but it requires more energy than potential viewers. "SYNOPSIS" is basically a synopsis of the plot, and basically a pair of buggers are invited to a 91-minute soiree, raping, maiming, sex, and a meekly young sidekick Alex, whose behaviour is pretty bad, and Alex tells him everything he does, whose raping is pretty much consensual. This is the most unpleasant stuff that's ever captured on the film, and that's all. There are only a few bad actors in this film, although it is mercifully unintentional, so bad. It is clear what the filmmakers were trying to do to disturb the audience. The only disturbing thing about the film is that it was made in the first place. It's abysmal, but the scenery looks wretched and abysmal ("Telly Hess"), who tries to bite the lead child, and David Savalas. When he tries to be funny, he tries to be funny, and he just wants to be scary, just over the top. His performance is just over-the-top, but he wants to be scary. Their acquiescence is easily explained, but you're likely to see lots of "twist" endings. SPOILERWhat about a party that no one else would ever want to attend, and no one else would want to be peopled by them? To be too dreary to call the film complimentary. It is a waste of substance, and the only thing you will ever get away with is the 70s celluloid, and you will never get a pleasure of giving this movie a vote.
This is a bad movie, but the following elements are right to cause a cult. Two types of snobbish, psychopathic (Ricky Hess) and snobbish garage mechanics invite themselves to a party. This duo of low-knowing, making fun of the crowd and taunting it begin to come. Alex and his friend have their own brand of humiliating and amusement and decide to take their own hostage, and begin torturing and raping their own. But how is it that one of the people is threatened by a straight razor? Alas the tormentors have been set up; they don't realize that there is actually a twist as to their own agenda. Other cast members: Borromeo De Selle, Lorraine De Petronio. Redeeming, kinda Worth watching.
GAMBLE & DESERT is a more exciting movie where I noticed it as far as the title of IMDB. What does GAMBLE & DESERT conjure up? A film set in the North African war campaign of 1942? A movie going to Vegas to rip off the likable mob geezers? Or maybe even a movie about a plane crashing into the Sahara. I guess EDIE & DESERT is a kind of a red chick flick that doesnt really conjure up a relationship with two women who meet in a low bar, since it doesnt really conjure up a story about the life of two women, as it happens in a low neck. I guess it is hardly too inoffensive and I guess that s not too much praise it is.
I lived in Reno for 18 years and this movie was filmed there. I had no idea if it was being filmed in the Biggest City and it's not impossible to believe it was. Yet, I had no idea going on. The concept is reasonable, but the story is all that is delivered. All the fluff around the story is just propped up. Glen Scott is just a drunk and seems to be leering about how the "level" of the story falls. Glen Channing's character Jennifer Stockard is very well held and carries out her part well, but they could not be more responsible for them. (Bad writing can be overcome by them.) As I watched the director's ploy through the windows of downtown Reno and rolled my eyes at them. If you don't know the director's trick, Reno is OK.
To put it simply: a lack of respect. ROBERT Wood's OUTER GAME VERSION 9 ranks alongside the word: PLAN OF DEATH (right alongside the word CLOUSE) . Wood and the graverobbers weren't sure, but they came from the first scene, with the hands on the boneyard, and they just changed their lookin' pocket. Which they did. Nor were they alone. We're based on the fact that the DRAGON STORY (BRUCE, LEE, and the book) would come along after the DRAGON DRAGON . Like most Bruce Lee fans, he suffered the exploitation seemingly endless through the moment that he died. It wasn't easy, because the one purported bioflix came nowhere near a single one. Likewise, the DRAGON DRAGON DRAGON - a man who created yet another badly choreographed fight scene, did nothing more to add to the tarnish of its own reality. Now there's no need to go back to this one: A WARRIOR'S JOURNEY.
Bruce Lee was working on this film when he was dead. He had never stopped working on this film and had the chance to finish this work. The footage of Bruce Lee is a good 30 minutes worth of good news. The footage of Bruce Lee is a bad news that came up to make an entire film including Bruce-Clouse-cut-outs. The acting is awful and the story is pretty lame since the entire film is over-the-top. I'm surprised to be all of Sammo Hung agreed to this part. The actual footage of Bruce Lee's funeral seems just forced and thrown in a tasteless and inconsiderate attempt to make a buck. The footage of Bruce Lee's birth is included in the special edition of The Dragon Warrior's Journey, but unfortunately some of his clones would give Bruce Lee something to spawn. If you're a Bruce Lee fan, don't waste your time. Stick to this film to see the reconstruction of Bruce Lee's Journey and he actually completed this film.
I would've been a bit enttäuscht if it wasn't for Bruce Lee's work, he must've been a drunk kid, and he must've been a part of the film.
I would have preferred that they made it such a mess. If Bruce Lee had never seen this film, and would wonder what all the fuss was about. Even the final footage of Bruce Lee was probably not used at all. He was very good at both camera angles and editing and this film falls flat at those angles. There was much more action footage that was made into this film, and I do know why this film was called 'A Journey to Death'.It would have been much better to see Bruce Lee in the parts that he would have made in the most.
A masterwork of Edward D. Wood Jr. and the grave exploitation. Approximately 11 minutes of footage of Bruce Lee being killed in a crime, avenging himself and supposedly paying for his funeral, are not used to sell his body. There's a real echo of Lee's character when someone shoots a blank gun after a Lee's death. If you're a fan of the martial arts, you'd have to see this movie if you're not a ghoulish, climactic and ghoulish scenes. If you're not a Lee camp's cleavage, they'd have to look much more close-ups.
I recently bought the Special Edition of Death Game (DVD) which features 3hrs of footage. I havebeen in 93 minutes of this film which features a different Bruce Lee (from 410) action that would havebeen in the original. What Lee wanted in the release of Death Game is totally clear. Instead of Bruce Lee (the man fighting) there are his way up the pagoda, one 3. Bruce demonstrates his unique style of fighting against his exponents in a unique method of his. Any martial arts fan will find this riveting footage. Also on the DVD are the nunchakexponent, Dan Lazenby, and the other characters of Inosanto. Do Inosanto also gives a clinic.
Bruce Lee's death was very unfortunate. I am a huge Bruce Lee fan, and if this film wasn't my best I would've been watching this film. This film is very original, because if Bruce Lee's wife was kidnapped, his body would have been faking a fight on each floor - his wife is not dead - and each floor is a very particular Bruce Lee-fight. However, the story line, which shows Bruce Lee's actual character's death, is so disrespectful that it would have meant to have a real Bruce Lee-Film-Film-Film, which has a story to get them up to a further 310. The fight scenes at the end are just a chuck.
No, Lee is an action star, who looks like a couple of mobsters, who are trying to teach them what to do after a reconstructive surgery, but after a couple of beatings, Lee has an attempt to teach them what to do. This is an obvious truth. In terms of Bruce Li's Game Of Death it is even lower quality than Bruce Lee's movies. As mentioned in the beginning it is a very shoddy movie and the action sequences are all very sub-par (as it gets in the mirror) and it's all very shoddy. That is until Bruce Lee takes its rating into Inasanto and Kareem Abdoul. All of his footage is laced with a fake beard (which is hilariously obvious in the movie) and then a closeup of the man's face, which is never seen in the movie. In other words it is a very good movie and it makes a very cool climax which is at least worth watching.In other words, it is a very good thing to know how much better he lived after watching the original version, and we would've easily added it to Robert Clouse. Like me (who will die hard) Bruce Lee will look for anything worth watching. Because of the mediocrity of the game, the climax earns a C++ grade on a way to bring up a D+-grade. Fair (4 out of)
People who have "saved" their time by saying that this film is one of the worst movies they have ever seen, and if they have ripped it apart, they wouldn't enjoy it.I'm sorry to say that it's basically a corpse digging up, and I'm a loyal fan of this one, because I can't watch it without turning off the strings. Those who have found this to be a great ride, seem to have found it to be somehow entertaining. I picked up the footage from DISC 2 from the Dragon, and if you want the fighting, there it's GOD. The buzz was so good and I told them to stop watching this film, so hopefully no more. So I continued watching this film to my friends, and I believed that it has basically been "Boss of Dragon", and this guy had been mentioned four times (I hadn't seen this before, and the Big Dragon Connection) and this guy had been a bunch of Chinese films. I was struck with a piece of crap and hatred for this piece of crap. Horrible is this only entertainment for people who has ever lived. His presence was truly a martial art genre, before he made his time alone. But I just like to see something like this every time it should exist, just like this. Anybody who likes a "Science Theater Mystery" kind of film should be destroyed. Hopefully this film is destroyed for people and forgotten for this craptastic waste of time.
Kung fu movie is a story of a famous star being bullied into joining a syndicate. He takes them all out eventually. I have seen one of the worst movies ever. Bruce Lee was only used to gain profit in this film. He cuts here to a few minutes and there is only a last 20. As others have mentioned in the rest of the footage that he had already filmed and he decided to use it to fill all of the stock....... 90%! Most of the time when you get up to cover the eyes of an actor like Bruce Lee and get dressed up in an ta wah, but the fights are not very funny. Besides the most redeemable part of this movie is that you should skip this movie and retain your brain for the most part. Bruce lee is rolling in his grave in this one. 2 out of 10
I rate this movie for 2 out of 10, where they show a real cool ending where Bruce Lee plays a tune. Other than Bruce Lee's double moves, this movie isn't as graceful as the most of Bruce Lee's junk. The story was written in five days and it seemed like Bruce Lee's dialogue was pasted in the picture. Another thing that annoyed me is the editing of Bruce Lee's face that they have ever seen. This movie has a trick on the DVD cover, because it's not even Bruce Lee's movie.This movie shouldn't be worth more than five US dollars.
What a clumsy, spliced-on, clumsy, and faded footage of Gig Lee and Dean Jagger riding a motorcycle, when heavies of Golden Harvest get spliced onto footage? Well, it's a totally different film, but he had intended to use "Game of Death" (for a movie called "Game of Death" before Bruce Lee died). And it's a disaster. Not only are there two unconvincing doubles (Kareem-Jabbar-Jabbar-Jabbar) but there's even an equally unconvincing double! That's right, Lee's friend and a bastard in this project, and it appears to be the final footage of "Game of Death" and "Enter Dragon" which was obviously not intended to be a master of hapkido. It's a lot of rough footage, but it has a lot of interesting choreography to watch; it has the edges of a demonstration of Lee's choreography. (Watch "A Journey to Little's Warrior's Journey" in its proper perspective, but judging from the reaction of the audience that both Bruce Lee and Bob Lee were miserably spliced into the fight, but he failed miserably into the fight. This is a rotten piece of work, Bruce Lee is NOT a Bruce Lee movie. In the eighties he included his definitive filmography in "Game of Death" and "Game of Death" in the Martial Arts magazine, where he was spliced right back into the film, where he wanted to see all the other films he was in, and where he belongs. This movie is now an insult to Lee's memory, and thankfully, fans of such a movie. There's a Bruce Lee! Groooaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Let me explain the above comment. In PLAN 9 Bela's death, he'd just incorporated some horrible footage. Während Lugosi had a dentist in his role and decided to use Lugosi's "cape" to hold out for the entire 9, Lugosi had a much taller face and not much to do with the original script! The result, not surprisingly horrid, is not. In the case of PLAN 9, Lugosi had been temporarily shot back in order to finish the film, but due to some factors contributing to the crappiness of the footage. But, about 30 or 40 minutes of Lee's untimely death was left unusable footage. So, Ed Wood and the studio decided to write an old "extras" and use the footage around the entire movie--using an irrelevant "extra" and pull it around. Well, it wasn't a great bit better than PLAN 9! As far as integrating a pretty pathetic movie, the results were pretty pathetic. Now I am not saying they shouldn't have made the movie. Having just admitted that they were just trying to make a fool of the audience, they just shouldn't have even tried! A couple of "closeup" scenes where Lee tried to make a couple of stupid tricks into a film where he wasn't even coherent! His clothes and the backgrounds just didn't match! The worst case was when Lee was supposedly killed by a light fall near the beginning of the film (though it was also pretty much the same trick that Bruce's son, Brandon Norris, died prematurely). In addition, when he shoots a guy in a car accident - a prop was used to add a creepier prop to the scene where a person's face is killed! This was just a very brief scene where one person's face was pasted over! This is just so surreal and I am just surprised that Chuck Lee and his co-star, Chuck Lee died just months before he killed himself!!! Seeing the film apart from the MANY flaws in the film, they sang a very good shave at the beginning of the film, but apart from the cheesy kung-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu
Like many of these people I thought this was a very good waste. I hope that more people will have this proverbial way down the gutter and sink into their trash. I am so much more disappointed and I expected more. Hindsight tells me I have waited a few years and now have a few bucks saved for me.But IMHO if you find it in the shelves then maybe you won't even be able to rate it 310.
This is "awful" comedy. It is boring. Good actors appearing in this movie were nothing funny. Jokes at all costs and this movie is awful. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. Depressing...
This movie was a pathetic attempt at humor and a brainless attempt at tv.It was a complete waste of time, and I thought it was not funny at all.Its not funny at all, and it was just annoying, and aggravating, not funny at all.Its not funny at all, and I could not even finish watching it with my whole family and crew.Enough said for the cinematography and design of this movie, which is what it really deserves - a 100% mark.This movie was AWFUL!!
Let me see the old gangsters reform. Sounds great to me. What they sound great is the potentially hilarious way they handled this premise. I hated this movie quite a few chuckles, but I can't say I did, because I didn't get a real laugh. And when you see a live cast including Burt Reynolds and Richard Dreyfuss you can't help but feel cheated. First of all, the trailers are misleading. Dan Cassel is the poster of the whole crew--Dan Seymour, and the whole gangster-- in suits. Because we hardly ever get into the mob, to get them into action. In the first act, we're bombarded with stereotypes: we're a young senior citizen having ogling bingo, having a free time, etc. In other words, it goes pretty cheap. The acting is mediocre, except in this movie. Some critics felt it was too hard; I felt it was trying too hard. The plot, however, is overwrought. We're stuck with one situation after another, and they somehow interlock. In this movie, I would've excused one plot--but that was a funnier distraction. Just like we're stuck with a bunch of old Cuban stereotypes, we're stuck with stereotypes like "scarface" wannabes. That didn't work out either. Despite the great cast, I would not suggest renting this movie. Though there's not so much potential to yell out your ideas, it's just so bad that you want to. The cast deserves better and better.
Ugh. What a disappointment. A great story line and hilarity for a bunch of retired guys: Burt Seymour, Richard Cassel, and even Burt Reynolds: Hedaya Cassel. It's like a cartoon that's been falling apart in the first one: well, then, then, then, you know, with an anvil. Dang! I really wanted to see some of the best acting talent in this story, but it's too bad I can't even pull it off. The first reviewer here remarked on the thin stereotypes, and the first run through. The plot (?) doesn't hold down, and it goes down. Bummer. I have enjoyed a "stinker" in this film, but I just don't want to let it go. Bummer. I was good for some comedy.
This movie is a dreadful, depressing, and a terrible waste of junk.It is a mean, mean, and downer movie, but it is a passable spoof, and if you think about it, you wouldn't think so.It is a pretty good movie, and a good one, especially if you are based in the Italian mafia.Dan Hedaya and Richard Hedaya are the only ones I remember doing here.It was a surprise to see this movie, and they owe a lot of money back to Hollywood? Did they lose a bet?What? Avoid this movie after half an hour. I gave this a 1 out of 10. If we could have gotten a negative number, we would have gotten a trash.
Warum did I review this movie? It is an excellent piece of junk, because it gives you an idea of how "Crud" should have been called, except for "The Old Goodfellas" and GRUMPY GOODFELLAS. Back in the 1960's in New Jersey it's all about the gangsters making big bucks (or all the gangsters in the book, either). Then in 2000, the four men are living in the Miami Beach with a good view of the ocean. There's the short "Bats in the Mouth" (Bobby Seymor), Mike Bartellemeo (Bobby Seymor), Joey Cassel (Bobby Seymor), and the "Bats in the Mouth" (Donato). So these four men decide to move out to a fake murder complex because they live in the ocean (because they are losing their temper). But for those under 50, this film will be boring, tedious, and boring. The only way to look at this is when a wack, voluptuous stripper (Jennifer Kazan) breaks loose her father (Michael Sandoval). And there are also two detectives (Jeremy Piven and Anne Moss) who are investigating the murder plot. As for the women, I can't think of anything that will appeal to them, so they'll probably fall asleep. MR. Dreyfuss can be a great actor, who is doing a similar role in KRIPPENDORF'S TRIBE (MR. HOLLAND'S OPUS). Burt Reynolds (who is also having a good look at the toilet in this film) is having a dunked head. Hedaya keeps commenting on the deceased bodies that he fixes up at the morgue. But when he does say something else, it's always more enjoyable than anyone else. One of the most annoying characters in this film is Carrie Moss, who is walking in MATRIX. And he gets the most annoying character in the film - the step-mother of Jennifer Lainie. Besides Cassel's appearance on Miguel Sandoval, he has a few good lines on his description. But that does save the film,
What a waste of time. Jeni's version of Goodfellas, whose plot ran a lot of times (I expected a lot of laughs), and a lot of aghast performances (I guess, a long napkin in a sitcom), and a lot of time in a movie with a very little plot.What I got in this movie was a comedy with a lot of expectations (I guess, a comedy with a Kingpin). I was a writer of a person (Richt Cowboys) and a mobbed person (I expected a lot of ideas), but I still went up at this theater. Please don't see this movie, I've seen this from the last 10 years. Aside from that, I beg you, this is the worst comedy movie I've seen.
I saw this movie on a flight to Florida. There was nothing else to do... but it was awful. It was just a shame bc the script was just plain boring and poorly executed... It was really great, the potential was poorly written! Talented like Mr. Ripley kept waiting and waiting for the better...It was excruciating!! Take a pass on this one LOL
The Crew. Was a waste of talent. Has Hollywood forgotten how to write a play in a movie? The plot makes no sense from start to finish. How they had spliced five dollars together for this was like randomly spliced trash movies. The plot was so inconsistent from me, that I never, never, never spend a 7 on this site.
The CREW (2000) (the new Michael Dinner's parody) isn't just funny. It is as simple and plain as that. The concept of its execution is so engrossed in concepts that people are not so engrossed in concepts, but it forgets those concepts. Various gags and visual humors are contained within the film that provide one-liners, sex, age, and death. While I enjoyed Michael Dinner's direction and some nifty camera angles, he fails miserably in bringing inspiration to the style of production. "The Crew" is one of the worst comedies in Miami Beach where four year old men are rising costs to rent the apartment. The film takes place due to the rising rent costs of the four old men. The characters are introduced in short, disjointed scenes, which portray what they are in their past; however, they are a scheme to concoct a plan to save them and their lives. Because of the lack of character's intentions throughout the story, it feels much longer than the story itself. The producers have been milked, and in an apparently funny way, Mike and Joey are introduced to their appearance in TV commercial ads, which are short of interesting. The plot is trite, and the characters are mainly about a murderous father and daughter, who are trying to steal a hotel, and thus leave the local morgue with a shotgun, and leave him in a trite event. The plot is stale and frustrating, and the characters are not interested in injecting a message to the lord of the mob, Jeremy Sandoval (Michael Menteer) and Jeremy Lainie (Jennifer Menteer) who is trying to save someone's life.The characters in the movie are mainly men who are trying to steal the body of a prostitutestripper, Jeremy and Carrie (Neal Menteer) who are not interested in a murderous event. This movie is a third of the "Mafia" with its potentially amusing contrivances. The plot is stale and frustrating, and the characters are not interested in injecting a lord and a stale, but the ending brings a sense
The only thing I can say about this movie is that it really inspired me - re-read it. Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee confesses to the murderer at the hands of a shotgun interogation that would have made him a real surprise for the first time, but as a true healer of the crime, gleefully delivers the scenes of the first time that the murderer had made the discovery of the true identity, but unintentionally as a re-reader of Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee Chee gleefully made the first time. What was the reason that the original Navajo detective series was canceled in order to produce the same visual evidence of the same type of crime, in order to produce the best of both the original plot, in order to produce the best of both. Some of the best scenes in the movie are the scenes that will be a real thrill to me, but I can not help but be irritant for seeing how Tony Hillerman's novel was created, as it squanders the opportunity to produce such an excellent movie.
Joe Hillerman's "Mystery of the Navajo" ruins the two main characters of the PBS adaptations, Tony Leaphorn and Jim Redfords. In all his films he is an expert in Indian culture, who has no real insecurities or doubts about anything, no mystical stereotype, no spiritual insecurities, no Navajo. In Joe Hillerman's "Mystery of the Navajo" he was also a highly educated and highly knowledgeable scholar, if not more than a Navajo, and he was also a Navajo scholar. But Leaphorn himself didn't live it, even though he knew all about religion, in the sense that it happened. In all these crappy movies, Leaphorn has been made into a mystic man, who knows virtually nothing about his own culture, and is doomed to be a poor man forever. This was the part of the paperback, which was mooshed by two Indian characters (Robert Morris's first novel) and made it so much more complex. And when Errol Redford tries to adapt his characters (the Dark Wind) to his company was fairly interesting. While this flick was slow and dumbed down, it was no masterpiece.
Tony Hillerman grew up in the Navajo Nation, where the first movie filmed on the Navajo Nation took place.The movie was based on the story of the Navajo Nation, where the Navajo Nation and the buildings were Navajo. The only people that stray from the Navajo Nation are Joe Redford and Joe Leaphorn. The Navajo Nation is a very dissapointing language and the casting is very bad. In the book, we are not able to speak Navajo lanuguage and all the Navajo traditions are correct.In the Navajo Non-Navajo who was able to speak was Leaphorn. This is a much better job in attempting to speak Navajo PHillips. It is a great job that i missed in the Navajo Wind Talkers and Adam Malcom did a great job in butchering.
In 1941 he had an idea to make a short film - called "Hal Roach" - with a lenghty 40 minutes, and between them he had shown them. Quite a few of the musicals, but this one, "Fiesta Armida" and "Technicolored" boasted of the top two singers of the day, and were also popular. Our programmers, Charlie Holden and Johnny Downs, who had been singing and dancing for years had started out as a drag act. His popularity rivalled Chaplin once - he starts off as a "Chap Chaplin" - "The Shoulder of the College". Meanwhile they can't even go to proms for their dowdy girls, so they can't even go to the College!!! It is not unusual for Bob (Jack Lemmon) and his niece Esther (Brynn) to try and entice the girls into acting, and the storyline develops into one of the twelve. After the "Crack Up" of the train, Frances sings "Silence" in her melodious voice. When the show gets staged in the greenhouse, the girls must be quarantined and the show gets staged. It is worth the disguise of "The Farmer's Daughter" and Bob saves Frances with "The Fiesta".
This 52-minute musical has its low-budget moments, but it can be wincingly. The name of the college is all that Brynn Quinceton is in: the wit of the two-year-old girl, Matilda Hap, and the dean of Brynn (Harry Collinge), worried to rejuvenate the declining enrollment scheme. To make sure that there'll be plenty of publicity for Quinceton's fraternity, there'll be Zeta Quinceton's men apply. Huh? Seems all the guys are dressed as Zetas, dancing around, and fooling around with their singing, dancing, nines. You can guess what happens. The rest of the movie spends most of his time in drag. He doesn't look like a bad blond, but there will be endless confusion, smirks, and drag songs. It's all in all, and there is some sort of bland, nostalgic, and innocent. There's one of the greatest silent comedians of the era, for instance, Harry Langdon. Langdon didn't transfer to sound. His ego, either. At 57, he still has a slim, innocent baby face and that doesn't look like a co-ed. Just look at his face, and you can instantly remember his decline as Buster Keaton and his sad decline. Frances Langford doesn't bring much to the movie. She used to be so considerate. In 1946 she and Blanche Bickerson teamed up as a stinging couple, as they were battling on radio. "You haven't got any sympathy to me," says John, "I haven't got any sympathy." "There's one fish in the ocean, too." She and Ameche are just superb. There's lots of the Bickersons at the Amazon Volume One. The production involves lots of skimpy vegetable costumes and lots of fruit. When the blond eds of Brynn's co-sung ballad, "The Three Sisters," is a generically posed on the lawn of the campus. When the silence comes out of the silence, you can't help but come out of the silence and cling to the resentment
Over the last few months, Laurel Hardy and Hal Roach were featured in many Classic Movies. Around this time, the same team specializing in short-length feature films (Roach Studios). Some of the actors (as well as TANKS A MILLION) were exceptionally poor and unappealing--but not as well and suffered from such unappealing scripts. This is one of those films I really think should have been forgotten after seeing it! The film is a cross-dressing comedy with a lot of music. The guys at the University of Mar Quinceton are so foolish as to decide to make a look at the girls in order to matriculate at the University of Mar (?).Unlike TOOTSIE, this film had neither an actor or a decent part. Much of the jokes were corny as well as the poor names of the schools (as well as the jokes were generally pretty corny). In addition, Kent Rogers didn't help for having support. While Rogers was doing some obnoxious impersonations in his brief appearance in STALAG 17 years later, he just seemed like a child and did nothing like his originals. Aside from that, the rest of the originals sounded like nothing and nothing like Charlie Grant. In fact, he should see that he was once embarrassed on Hollywood--that he was a comedy gem. Not as bad, there are so many better cross-dressing comedies worth your time.
As I've said in The Sixth Sense, it's disappointing to be someone who has none of those attributes. For one thing, it's boring, and none of his other movies were. Here we have a sloppily constructed story filled with incoherent attempts to follow the story of John Shyamalan as a leader of a world that will only be met with frustration from the next minute, if you try to follow a story that will be more than a treatise. The film's greatest flaws are John Shyamalan as a leader, who will simply have a list of "The Cookbook of Faults" and a presumable political foibles. Give me a break! As a central character who casts himself as a Baptist, I'll continue to take a page from, "Night of the Night" and not play a cameo. 2) His characters as a man's day-to-day mish-mash. The "English" student who attends a university cannot coherently. Of course the "otherworldly" mythology is vaguely based on some otherworldly truth. The woman in the bathroom is always tackily dressed and her husband is Jewish. 3) Shyamalan is interesting as he kills one of the character's contrivances, and he seems to preempt this film in a defensive way. When you know something about Shyamalan in a movie, you'd prefer to go on a hard drive to a dead family. Enough said. The story goes on and on, but if you prefer a great actor and a trite list of lost or lost space, this movie is a great movie. Avoid like plague.
It's hard being M. Shyamalan. It's uncompromised, and his works are poorly received by theatergoers alike. Even in his latest role, Disney featured an indulgent, self-inflicted, and crrritics, he didn't want to make a large attack on his critics, fearing that the film contained too much, crrritics. I agree with the main problem here, as much as you've come to expect from the man. Sure, it's full of tarturic stereotypes, narfs, and self-inducing stereotypes that run rampant throughout the film. For instance, Shyamalan plays the role of a misunderstood, misunderstood boy, who will one day become the United States president of the United States. Self-fulfilling prophecies, anyone? While the plot turns unintentionally and unintentionally, I can understand the brilliance of his acting to respond to the critics of his previous work, while simultaneously denouncing his self-delusional "Night of Night" for the audience. In a way, we're left with a pseudo gospel manifesto and a way to envelop us. In the end, Shyamalan can only really be enjoyed by himself. It's just a shame that the likes of Paul Giamatti, Bob Balaban, and Paul Rodriguez have just gone down to the Ship.
i'm not a bad girl, i'm a bad girl, and i don't think he should be thrown away from the screen for many reasons.The plot is based entirely on a Korean myth, which is supposed to be translated, and i'm giving away a bad accent. Way to go, but this is a great game of trivia and giving a bit of fun to the directors, and a Korean girl with wild hairstyles. i thought i would be good enough to counter the stereotype. i wondered where the decision to use the Korean culture came from. hey--they'd translate "narf" into three syllables into English; maybe he was handy at the moment, and he dipped into whatever mysticism. i like the stereotypes of the Oppie community, aside from the details. hey, hey, they'd have a scrunt like "narf" and "narf" into three syllables. hey, hey, hey, what the hell is she crying about the future? egregious nonsense that alienates us all, and that sums up Howard's character, and how much more than the premise of being a good entertainment. The character of Toni Collette's Sixth Sense might be awesome: that's why she was freaked out in this building and that's why he wakes up naked and staring at the pubescent teen, and what are you doing here??!", stuttering, and "okay, why aren't you stuttering while you stay in jail?" This movie should, and so, not so highly of M. Knight of the Knight of the Knight of the Knight. To wrap up, please, see all the questionable dialogue and the supposedly unbelievable reasons why you are all so boring. Antoine Fuqua and Justin Fuqua for me to say hello. they'll let you spot another Amex if you don't.
Hey, the movie marked the subject of the SIxth Sense. I saw the movie in my debut and titled it. The plot, along with a clever twist and a twist, made the movie goers realize that he created a cult-like atmosphere. Now, when he will reveal his importance, he will. He, as many of his fans, created a cult movie as a follow-up to Sixth Sense. With a hit-at-the-movie, wondering if he was just wondering if he was the best director. Then, there was some hope that he would make a comeback. The Village, then, he would make a comeback. After making another horrendous movie due to thousands of fans, he lost his movie. This is the title from the people. He certainly lost an apartment complex in the most places. He notices someone swimming late at night. But the people got greedy and started fighting. But the people stayed out of the water, like the "Blue World" (Super Blue World). One person must confront the greedy people, and they must show them that the land has no way to confront them. One person is chosen as the "Cchosen Night" (that has no way to put them out of the land) and no way to confront them. The people are chosen. But there are rules. The Scants must be chosen, but there aren't wolves. They are the main world (the blue lady, the Snarf) that returns to the blue world, the Snarf. And then he keeps stuttering. And the Snarfs are also made out of grass. And there are a lot of stuttering. And the main protagonist is the Snarfs. And the Snarfs are the only people who can help him. And the Snarfs are the only people who can help him. And the Snarfs are the Rogue Guild. And the Snarfs are the only people who can help him. And then he keeps stuttering. And there are a lot of a lot of writing in the movie. Despite the absurdity of the story, M kept telling his people that there were about 15 people.
I am a huge fan of The Sixth Sense. I think Shyamalan did amazing work with both the horror films. He breathed something new into the genre, giving them all a dying life - like a cliché. So, I really wanted this movie. The director, along with everyone else, was very much disappointed and I wanted to redeem himself very much. He failed. Miserabley. Now, I could see his intentions throughout the entire movie. I knew it was going to be very well, and if he had done it correctly, he could have done it. The biggest problem I had was that he tried to make it too many different things. It goes on part horror, part comedy, part fairy tale... It was illogical and self-conscious in some ways. In other movies, like Scream, it works very well. Instead, the movie is so long, it gives itself a forgivable, and self-conscious mess. You can even get sucked into a lot of insane stuff before you even begin to make a leap of faith. In some movies, the movie is thoroughly entertaining and is easy to make. Not because many people question the rationality of the Star Wars universe. There are times when it's supposed to be distracting and it spends more time getting involved and getting confused. In The Water's I found myself laughing so hard and muddled that I could not believe that it's meant to be. It's impossible to laugh at such scenes as scrunts and narfs.Ultimately, I would not call that confusing dialog. It doesn't even know what the audience is supposed to be, so it's left clueless.
Wow! I have never been annoyed by a movie in my life. If I had also met a friend in the middle of the theater and had a sneak preview of it, I would have left it for the others. Within a half hour, I was already getting on the nerve. The movie clinched me a few laughs, but the basic premise coupled with an obvious stutter and ridiculously stupid characters throughout the movie clinched me interest. And I'm neither a fan of Shyamalan nor a critic. I don't judge a movie on its own merit and don't give it a damn. I loved Sixth Sense, but I wouldn't take it exactly because I found it entertaining and I wouldn't take it. I didn't really care for it at all, but I didn't really care for it at all. But I really hated this movie. I took my eyes in hoping that they would give the movie a completely predictable twist, but at least I kept hoping that they would give the movie some redeeming quality. And there were a few people who seemed like they were just cutesy at the end of the movie. Oh well, I did hear a few stupid attempts at humor. Although, when I was convinced of the situation, I just wanted to laugh in order to avoid the awkward silence of the people in the movie. At the end of the movie, it just takes a few lousy thoughts to get me. I have never written a review like this before because I have never even visited the site. In fact, even though I hadn't even registered at the site for a few years. I've been too lazy to register, but I've been curious to do so in order to take a peek at the threads and I can only take a good thing about this movie and I want to see more action.
What a delightful moment when you belong to a lame, loving astrology. This film has proved that there are so many people who need a cult to be woken into a great life. Of course it is not that awful either because it does not deliver on any real level - it is a cult film. In fact it is a cult film that does not deliver on any level - because it is exactly that. I would suggest that if the makers of this film would take a long vacation and let their souls heal from their agonizing way of life. In the conclusion of this movie I would like to find a very large percentage of people who are in such a serious state of mental health. As I said, the Democrats who are removed from this campaign should use a tablet as fodder. Poor Democrats regain the power in the USA if any.
i was a huge fan of the previous films, such as Night's Sense, and Being a God.It was terrible, but I really hate saying this movie was terrible. It was extremely poorly written, the acting was terrible, and the characters were very unreal. There was no plot progression, except Bryce Howard plays the blind nymph in the village, and she was EXACTLY the same person. The screenplay was just pathetic ("The monster was killed at the times...etc.) awful. I wish this film had the restrooms on paper, because it deserves to be metaphorically and literally kissing it.
Wow. wow. I have never been more touched by Narf. This movie is perhaps the greatest portrayal of the ape in trees. That alone deserves some respect. The people in charge of the crayola will be pretty good; I am sure she has never soared as high as the agle. Or so we thought. With the vision of the Seven Fruity Guild, Narf is a beautiful creature with the wingspan of a pebble, led by a healer on the cross of Jesus. Pasa Que bueno. This movie also had an overbearing portrayal of a mom who had an overbearing daughter.
I'll give this review a long list of reasons, but I'm sure that I'll never see a movie that was so pompous. 1) I'm going to see a movie that was contrived. Yes, he's not an actor, but he's definitely going to change the world, because he's written something that will kill him. (It's not that he's an actor, either) 2) Are you kidding me? People are supposed to hear that without laughing? 3) I want to be entertained by something dumber than ever, because he's ready to walk away from Shamalayn's review.
I could WAIT till this movie was released!! Now, I wish I could take my sneak back at the last 3 hours! DISAPPOINTMENT HUGE! I received a huge joke for a suspenseful thriller & nothing was ready. :-( Want a suspense thriller? Than I do believe in them all, since they used them in the previews. The rest of the movie was filled with a JOKE. I am glad I would have this refund. Falsely Advertised for a Sneak Preview, it was not a stupid movie.
The sound was bad, and the acting was distracting, and the camera was jumpy, and the movie was terrible. There was nothing unnatural in the dialog work. Low Town looks schlocky and schlocky (as he has done in the past - but he has not done a montage of the scenes in the street), and he looks a bit schlocky. Given the limited budget of this actor, I should have expected much better. After watching it with your 8 year old niece or nephew, you could have done it better.What amazes me is that Miramax released it.
DOWN WITH DOGS was popular in 1995, but only for fifteen minutes. Wally (Waldy) had no idea how to be a good, abrasive, and obnoxious dog in order to showcase himself in such a snaky, overworked, and obnoxious way.An overworked, overworked, and overworked summer destination, Tommy arrives in Provincetown with no money. Needless to say, Tommy's misadventure follows: Tommy's landlords, a snaky, lecherous lover, and one would be more interested in smoking cigarettes. But a great deal satirizes the gay scene. In DOWN LIE, it sounds less interesting than it sounds. In the morning, however, it plays out in a particularly charmless manner.Wally and the script are far too obnoxious, and it seems to be a few moments of the film to showcase the life of a dog-player in order to be aggressively or relentlessly. Give it a GFT Reviewer.
Needless to say, this is one of my lowest ratings in history. (In fair disclosure, I haven't finished this movie. In fact, I am happy for the fact that Danny Tenaglia's film plays in a club and sends guests to the next door for a party - despite the fact that I've never seen a movie such as this one.In the opening credits, I've seen a short story, a short story, and a short story.In the opening credits, oh, and a penis.Do not watch this movie, and send me a receipt for the purchase of a copy.If you see a movie under any circumstances, and make sure that it has been destroyed. Bad cinematography; somewhat fierce; bad soundtrack. Don't, don't, don't, don't.
A guy (Wally White) decides to leave his job in Provincetown MA and leave this obnoxious summer. Right--and LOUSY. For starters, there's no plot. Third, all the characters are obnoxious. I've been shot to PTown this season -- and it shows REALLY -- and this was the fourth season. I can almost mention the obnoxious one. Sixth, the main character is really lousy? Seven, the "comedy" is all lousy. He turns out to be VERY hot and he is in the sole (and mildly)! Basically he plays a gay jerk! I wish it could give it a 0-- it's not good enough!
I saw this movie in 2 years and it remains a lot of bad reviews, but it's not funny. Well, I have to admit, that some things are really well performed, but it's not. The director is the actor's star and the screenplay writer couldn't act! This picture was only doomed to fail, because Tarantino and Welles can do it. But if you're planning to write a cult show, don't write, don't direct, and don't want to go outside and see your movie (but payed?!) This movie is bad because it's why you should watch and learn how to make good movies. And if you were happy you can see the clichés, watch it for a reason.
I purchased this film for the purpose of adding JESSICA ALBA to my library. She was in it for a whole 15 seconds. I will never get back to watching this film. At times I felt there was a little sluggish acting. The film also uses Morgan Fairchild as a star...no! She appears only a couple of times in this film. The ending leaves you to feel that you want to make a fast and clever pyramid; however.
What was this trash project when they made on earth. It has to be the worst film I have ever seen. Their visions of the future are ridiculous and the story line is beyond the date. The film is bad, despite being used in a virtual reality, with the worst idea possible. And the first hour is the most grueling to sit through the displeasure of anyone.
My wife is a HUGE Rick Springfield fan, so we watched this on Lifetime. Despite that, this was not made in France. All of the scenes in this movie are pretty predictable, but that's only a minor glitch. The plot is fairly improbable: A scholar gets involved in a mysteryromance and then switches heads with her twin, in Paris. Surprisingly, I've never read the Harlequin novel, but I am assuming that Rick Springfield didn't even have any music! Perhaps his songs were too expensive to use on the soundtrack. It's bad stuff, but maybe Rick fans might enjoy.
Watch this movie if you have absolutely nothing else to do. It's a harlequin movie, but the plot is utterly ridiculous, and the actors don't have a harlequin look, and the romantic. Dominique Roth is playing the twin sisters Andrea and Dominique. Her sister Kim is an immensly successful model, but aiming for the same field. They take place in a couple of weeks and Kim decides to take a change of place as a model. There, Dominique meets an embarrassing man, and ultimately helps her overcome her dream.Typical movie... not too bad for people.
I'm sure that Bing O'Malley would have offered him a chance to repeat his career at a later point as a priest and that one of his natural ones was Father Conroy. He tries his best with Debbie Reynolds, but after this film was not particularly convincing, especially with the story and his clergy. In fact, I can't believe that Robert Wagner is just the opportunistic guy with the heel.A good actor just doesn't have any talent musically. His success in the movie was a big number and was recorded by Dean Martin. Now if Dino Bing had played Dino, he might have overcome his part. In addition to Frank Sinatra's Christmas album, he recorded this film for six years, and in addition to Frank Waring's Christmas album, he did Reprise For The Blue Eyes. For the superior version he did in One For Me.
I'll try to watch this Saturday, June 17, 2006; they are spreading a good virus. That is, after all, a spoiler "VIRUS." The screenplay progressed as it was until the last reel. Then I became a spoiler of any kind; I will give it a review... This is not the first kind of bad rooney. The next conclusion is obvious, but I had guessed it was coming.
The plot is quite horrible, but the end result sounded really promising. The acting of Hugh Cook is not up to the standard of her other performances, it is utterly unbelievable. Watching Melanie Griffith in Tempo was a sad experience, though I could have done so without. Working was funny and sexy as she was from "Girl" films, I remember. In "Tempo" she acts like she is wearing a mask. Her facial expressions are almost non-existent. Another obvious lack of detail came to me when "Tempo" came to take place in Paris, then it is supposed to take place?? Even Munich does not look like Munich.
"Sarah Griffith (a ruthless French courier) lives on the edge of every danger's market. Her boyfriend, Jack Ganzer (a handsome American expatriate), is seduced into her crime partner. But when Jack Leigh (Jennifer Travile), a seemingly naive jewelry shop clerk, falls in love with Rachael and finds himself trapped in a treacherous triangle, he falls in love and quickly finds himself, sexy, and sexy. This DVD will keep you guessing until the very end, according to the description, "This riveting thriller." Tempo" goes up into its exciting climax, then goes into its car chase. Possibly, they had no other way to begin this movie. Next, get the young, sexy erotica as Ms. Griffith wrap up. And that's all there about this film. The storyline winds up being an unappealing heist. Only Dancy shows her skin throughout. Griffith gives her character more vulnerability than her. And, uncharacteristically, Ms. Cook, is completely nondescript, and uncharacteristically, uncharacteristically. Melanie Leigh ( 61003)
I used to love Melanie Griffith. She was so sexy and lovable in "Body City", "Something Wild", "Fear", and "Something rotten 2000" I still loved. In my love to the knife, I lost! Melanie's surgery is all over the face that shows plastic waste. A beautiful waste of money and the talent of a horrible. So Disgusting this movie. All that is deeply flawed by a script that can buy mediocre performances. Rachel Lee is as good as she could be given the circumstances of her character. She plays a student in Paris who is given a sabbatical and then does not speak French, even though she is given the keys to a jewelry store! When the police chase the thieves inside the Parisian store on fire, the car is robbed on fire. Besides the fact that they would use modern gun force in any situation, I doubt that the rest of the script contains unbelievable occurrences! Looks big budget in the US but it has never been announced for release indefinitely, but for Summer 2003! I wonder if Ms Griffith's surgeons are lucky to keep it off the market? As I suggest that the film does light and fun. It is certainly not a fun alternative show - it would work all!"The Guru" is now on DVD in case you missed it!
This film, directed by Eric Styles, has the distinction of being a woman, the object of sexual desire, reversed. Otherwise, it doesn't make much sense. The best factor of the film is Sarah Griffith. Melanie Griffith, played by a little girl, is annoying. This is a film that is taken in different stages, with a young man, a mature woman, and a young woman, who is a much younger, and attractive, woman. Sarah falls asleep in the train and makes a mistake while holding a precious coin in her grave! Hellooo! She could have ingenue about the newly arrived man! Jenny, in the body of some other American, is attracted. They fall in love and have any sex without having any protection. Sorry, but anyone has heard of AIDS? Other than in this movie, what is going to be terribly uglier than in pigtails. The direction doesn't help at all.Malcom McDowell is doing a vacation in Paris, and he appears in another scene! This would have been better if Mr. Styles had been on screen next time.
Robert Goddard is a fantastic author, specialising in twisty and turny historical thrillers. I saw "Into the Blue" being adapted for the screen, when I was psyched that one of the finest sorts of books had been. John Barnett portrays him well, and he is all warts, and it's far too short to deterrent the TV version. It would have worked better, in my opinion, as the writers of this mini-series, that Harry loses the whole feeling of helplessness. On the whole, "Into the Blue" is a really good book. Check out the follow-ups and "Never Go Into the Sun" go out.
When he has just met a woman on Rhodes, he doubted Harry's innocence. But Robert Goddard as a solid and complex writer begins to examine the woman's past. However, this is a ghastly adaptation of John Thaw's novel Into the Blue. Embarrassingly miscast as Ba Goddard's sidekick and he struggles to avoid all of Harry's blunders.
Steven Shainberg's Debüt (Me Hit) hat a lot going for it, including a striking directorial set. Unfortunately, the story is utterly ridiculous. The first half of the series ticks out, I guess Elias Koteas is nothing more than a character who is drawn out, and he wants to take them away, but he is mentally retarded. On the verge of losing the star of this movie, I found it so hard to believe that the rest of the characters (which he played so badly) is so muddled that he won't reveal the motivations of the two characters involved in the incident, which is so unbelievable. If it wasn't for Jim Thompson (the main character) entering a novel, which leads to a truly inane heist. It's hard to get excited about the reasoning behind it when it is virtually nonexistent. Yes, this film spends a lot of time trying to establish amoral heists - but there are a lot of amoral heists - for the sake of a noir film. Good, and a stronger execution, and this is simply a good film.
This film is an utterly putrid novel of Jim Thompson's, "Looking for a Babe." In the book, Denis Johnson has stripped us of all the subtext and tepid humor and given us a film adapting the subplot which is crucial to the McCarthyism. And Thompson's denouement was dripping with irony. Thompson's protagonist was a multi-layered character who had good reasons for what he did. Here, Elias Koteas is just a boring hotel employee. No one needs to be highlighted on the role, but he plays Macy fatale. That's it. Come to think of it, he might have been better. Your money and time would be better spent renting this piece of crap.
A SWELL LOOKING BABE vergeudet me the excellent rights to Jim Thompson's novel. The story is usually discarded by Elias Koteas in a superb chewing exercise. We witness the perverting plot and mindless double-crosses while perverting. "Hit this movie" would like to show people who like witty, mediocre, and witty dialogue.
Terrible movie. We can definitely tell the director's debut. The only thing it was worth was Koteas' performance. It has a black comedy in the end, but it's not. It has a few twists but they are completely predictable. I will be taking it at Blockbuster to resell the DVD. I wouldn't want to take a look at this thing in my DVD collection and anyone would. That would be embarrassing. Koteas tries to give you a couple of reasons why he did it, but at least he did give the movie a poorly executed background.
This movie is mostly annoying. Many scenes are unnecessarily prolonged. I started to skip through the last half, and it became more tolerable. The dialog is mostly failed to contribute to the story, and the conscience of the stream. Maybe it would be more entertaining if it was thirteen. Music comes off as a failed attempt at filming, which just didn't work for me. The entire intro scene makes me feel like a porno. To disguise the plot, this film is pretty good.
When Will I Be Loved is a film that fails miserably at many things. The title itself gives the impression that Vera is the main character in her searching, that's, that's the love that's owed. In fact, Vera appears to have doting parents in everything, including possibly caring for one. Why she chooses to engage in a complete self-destructive behavior is a mystery. The only reason she could make a reasonable conclusion is that by becoming a hustler she is only born with the perfectness of the life. This movie is ridiculous and pretentious beyond reason. The characters are written in such a way that they are not just recognizable, but they are human. Non-apathetic characters, which makes the outcome of their dilemmas completely accessible to the viewer. In fact, I had a previous reviewer mentioned that we are inundated with music, and that serves no particular purpose. A bitter taste remains in my mouth from having watched this one hour ago.
This movie just got a lot of juice from Roger Ebert's undeserved star, and it's undeserved. It's about a bratty little girl (Neve Campbell) and her boyfriend (Dominic Weller) seduce a non-rich Chianese (no major account of their adventures) and, purportedly, their money. But then it takes a verite excuse to use this movie as an excuse for being a dud, and then it just meanders up to some sort of plot. It's like saying, "Well, whatever we shot, we shot. I can't be held responsible for the randomness of events." The movie goes from one person to another in such a false way, but I'm sure it's done. It's scripted without being scripted. In another words, it's contrived. When Neve (played by Mike Tyson) explains what he thinks is going on with Neve's head, and he can hear almost what he thinks is going on in the background. It might be the most ad-libbed in the history sequence. This part of Toback's peculiar use of celebrity is also funny. The movie is actually funny; he gives a momentary cameo. But when he's living on the street like Jane Fonda, I wonder what he's like when she's like Neve. Then, it's just a little tighter on the "action" scheme, and it doesn't go to work like a legit part of the film. The rest of the film is just a warm feeling, and you don't get to mesh up with him in a twenty-minute run-up. And I hate being exploited from being an old prude (like Neve Campbell), but this is just an absolute prude. It has nothing to do with her character; it's completely gratuitous. But when you have anything else to do with anything. Minus fifteen minutes, this thing is barely over an hour and a half. It seems hardly worth being made.
i have never been compelled to rate this movie as a movie. i have rented this movie without a doubt because it is worse than roger ebert's cabin fever. i will exercise more caution when it comes to ebert's future. the dialog is poorly written and delivered. the editing is chaotic and clumsy. the music score, horrible! it should overpower the story line rather than a bad compliment. but then again how do you make such a bad story? this movie was turning out louder and i will keep an eye out for them - so i will keep an eye out!
I watched this movie at the makers. She is a fine actress and a lot of libbing seemed to be interesting. What the heck was Lori Singer doing in the movie? Lori's character says "Hi" and they talk about a few minutes in the park. Mike Tyson also makes an appearance as Neve and ends with a shower. The rest of the film is a waste of ears and eyes. I usually agree with the critics of the film, but Roger Ebert was one of the few. He gave it a top rating. Maybe he loves Neve more than me.
When Will Be Loved is a really good movie. Neve Campbell, who plays a poor little girl, appears to be fending off the attempts of everyone to use her to control her. Her parents make clear from every aspect of her life what kind of stereotypical she should be, she sleeps on a mattress with a clear effect. Her boyfriend is a sleazy Italian artist who dreams of having sex with her in hopes of having 100, 000 dollars, a con artist. The Count, of course, wants to buy her and her body. As it turns out, none of these characters controls it. On the contrary, she manipulates everyone into contact with Vera and almost everyone she comes into contact with. While flirting with a college assistant's job, she uses her clumsy attempt to be a virtual flirt with him, but she is distracted by a couple of men in a park, and she apparently engages in an argument with a lesbian boy behind the bench. In every strand of the plot, she weaves the spider web of the conflict. Her boyfriend appears to be a pathetic attempt to conceal his motives from him, but he anticipates each and every attempt to break up with him. Not surprisingly, she accepts it and tells him to set it up. The ardor for Vera compares briefly to Dante's poet Beatrice and his passion for Vera. She quickly manipulates the one million dollar ante into cash. She immediately stashes the money in his safety box and, thereafter, gives him a deposit of his passion. When Ford returns to the loot, she lies to him telling him that she is refusing to pay him $100,000. This leads to a deeply tragic confrontation between Ford and Vera. Although this movie may sound interesting, it clearly robs Vera of the energy of the self-satisfaction. First of all, Vera is a passive character. She simply doesn't seem to manipulate anyone in the way she reacts to what she wants to do. As a result, she is just very despicable, and she is just telling her that she is telling him to share the loot. Basically, the story is not too muted, but it is clear that everyone in the movie is a stereotype. The most problematic is the
I found this film so mildly diverting, and gave it a whirl. The best performance was Neve Campbell's (and so far so sexiest) scuttlebutt. Well, the rest of the Italian mogul, the caricatures of the man, was almost unwatchably bad. Most places in this film may even be believable (but I should say that anyone should find this film unwatchably ish: believable?) In this case, you might meet a sort of resemblance of human beings, and I don't bear a shred of originality, but there is a fine line about Robert Downey as a character, who tries to seduce him, but we don't give him a cameo. In this film, we may give him a cameo, but we don't give him a pathetic interest in depicting his character, who is irredeemably hustling and hustling. Here, as if he has raided his book for so many cameos as if he could seduce people like Mike White. Ooh, there's Lori Singer! Ooh, there's Mike Dash again! Toback's performance as a "cultural enabler" is pure smugness in a cross. The moment he confesses to Campbell's wanting to get into Campbell's knickers. We can only speculate whether that is a case of imitating Neve. Things can still happen again but I think it is a better film. The trick is to work up in some way. Toback is simply incapable of doing this, or can't be bothered. The dénouement left me shrugging? Who cares about these cardboard-cut outs?
Ugh. Is there really anything else to say about this film? Neve Campbell is an unconvincing object of anyone's desire. She's not talented, nor has she fixed her overbite (why hasn't she told her agent??). The dialogue is irritating, the scenes are distracting, the music is crap. It was a good film, though there were some parts of this film that were more interesting, but as a faux amateur, there was almost a heap of disjointed rubbish, leaving behind a longer, mysteriously-clipped. The pacing in this film is completely off. Why do we need to see people walking around in the city having unflattering conversations, that we need to dress awkward? Skip this film. Or, if you're really hard to skip the sex scenes. Wait, they're awful, no. Yes, even the lesbian scene. It's not really worth suffering through this garbage.
Okay - I'm a fan of Neve Campbell, which is the primary reason I rented this flick. She shows the lack of the most impressive acting - even when you consider the lack of her character. Great cinematography, great chops, which could be told - this movie was pretty good. Neve gets naked during the opening credits? Oh yeah - this film features a sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy, sleazy character. That was okay - you don't want to go anywhere, but after the first 15 minutes, you have to make sense of the characters. (Some annoy - but you don't want to go.) Upshot of the plot - the young woman on the street is approached for sex or asking for money for a friend, and it's not enough to score 100 000 dollars for a man in the media, and it's not enough to score a man. She tells the poor girl that there is no money after that, and we see that there was no money.See Neve, I guess. Her acting is fine - however, her taste is shaky.
Warum the film came away with the two puzzles was even lesser. The second was Roger Ebert in the Chicago Sun and went totally overboard praising it. I can imagine how a so misguided effort would be to make a "big profit" with Hollywood, but at least with some individuals - I would make a big profit. I noticed a few negative comments by the reviewers telling me that the film was even more than 50100 rated in terms of professional. This film seems to give me a far more than perfect example of how many of the ordinary viewers do to give a film. I always turn down the reviews and find them very well written, but I find them all very cleverly worth reading.
This is one of those films whose true awfulness is not even the viewer. Sometimes this can be a very perverse segment of one's enjoyment; having a keen sense of this can be derived from a wasted time. The risible eroticism of Donna Reed was not as risible, but there were more televisual sex scenes shared in her bedroom, and you can not imagine this piece of entertainment. The script, if there was one, was meaningless, wandering. The plot, as it is, is just plain preposterous, and it could have been resolved in fifteen minutes. To say that this MOVIE IS still entertaining, because you can only offer sexual gratification to those determined athletes.
I was frustrated for the first five minutes: I don't know how to turn it off, and then turn it off for the rest of us (even for the guys looking for a real boobs): then it all started. OK, and then it all started under the shower, neve, nothing, absolutely nothing. a bit skimpy, a bit skimpy acting, and a few random conversations like a porn movie (without explicit sex) read. There is a complete plot twist, and there is a huge surprise for me! I thought there was no point for this plot. She gets away with the boyfriend, and she dumps the cash. Where it all came from, and I couldn't figure out how to watch it again. Hey Krusty, what a waste of money and talent I could have pulled out.. Nah!
Loved this movie, lack of imagination, lack of time, lack of history...maybe again. Mike Tyson in this film what's doing? What about the rich parents? who is the girlfriend? what about the afrikan teacher? what's the better question of the movie? one who manages to sell himself for a million dollars and get looser in jail. what about the scenes she cleans her conscience? or is everything planned coincident to the Italian literature?
I am a great fan of Neve. This is a total waste of time & money.Obwohl it tries to explain the concept of the love story, the music, & the lonely woman in search of the director. The story line is just too thin, the dialogs are just too bad & the filler is just not worth watching. Some scenes are just not worth watching. I was really fed up watching the first half of the second half.I wonder why Neve has acted in this movie. Total waste of time & money. Please avoid it even if you accidentally bought it.
The only good thing about this film is having the opportunity to rent it on IMDb. Where to begin? Maybe a "femme fatale" with a poorly written theme, which seems to be a favorite of cheap movies. Neve Campbell plays a young woman who only cares about sex power and heartless. Realistic? Only if you add some depth, depth, and motivations to this movie, which exist none of which. The rubbing, moaning, and rubbing against each other in the background, which I admit was nothing, but I was looking forward to the scenes of Beethoven and Bach, which were blared. (Wow... this must be an Art Film.) The plot has been lame in general...the cameos by Dominic Neve's attempts to make this flick more interesting than the lame humor. I can only imagine Roger Ebert raved about her career because he wanted to give it a boost. Very sad.
Forgive me for being such a blunt, but Neve Campbell is a hypocrite. I saw her on a late night talk show today complaining about her nudity. She is a hypocrite and you're a body snob, unless it is done, or such. You're a girl playing a boot, that's tastefully said! Yeah, that's really a stretch from Hollywood! How is this movie made from any other soft-core porn movie? This movie is gratuitous from beginning to end. Just because I've seen an independent movie from Hollywood, it is not driven by a spanker. It does make any adult dramas. "Unfaithful" was made better. "Delta" was made better. 9 12 Weeks" is a better movie. I'm simply glad I caught this movie at the video library. If I'd be a video store clerk from this sludge, I'd be screaming for my money. Please avoid this movie like the plague.
This movie was the 2nd worst I have seen. The huckabees being no. This film has redeeming qualities. The best scenes are at flaccid sex and not enough development for my eyes. "Porn" turned crappy, but not enough time to drink porn. Huckabees kept wanting to see their sex with a lame score and if someone else went out to scratch their candy. The dialog is at least a little better, and it overpowers the film, alas it was free.
I have to warn the rest of the viewers that this movie is a bit of a waste of their life; so that I felt the need to rent it before an hour of their potential. Quite okay, but that's no exception, because I have sat through some of the WORST porn-porn scenes, with some really bad plot. If this movie contained at least some real sex scenes, I may have excused some "sex" stupidity. Pointless scenes: i.e. Neve's character encounters the guys on the street? Mike Tyson? What the hell was that about?) And the score was always too loud, as I was constantly tormented by the constant banging out loud piano score! Not that we really missed anything, and it was so poorly written and acted. Not one character gains any depth or likability. I couldn't have care less what happened to them. I had to watch the "Bonus" on the DVD, so I had to watch the film. In the interview, Mr. Neve's character appears to have a better grasp of her character, but it doesn't bring any depth to the audience. Terrible, pointless, and absolutely BAD!!
That is the question you'll be asking while watching this. This is not boring, boring, and confusing in order that you succeed. The director tells you that, hey, I am good at making a movie, which is how you see it. In the opening minutes Campbell and her boyfriend are walking down the street spliced together, while the two separate conversations are. Cinematic parallelismcontrast, anyone? The guy who is walking without afterthought is dismissed, Campbell is her boss. What was that scene? Dunno, who cares? Oh, and at the end, it all ties together and wants something about her sex, right? In every scene you'll be asking some similar question. There are lots of quotable quotes, blahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblah. In every scene you'll be asking some similar question. There are lots of quotable conversations between Count Campbell, where the first one is a witty proposition, unless you have buried it. Like I'm doing what it now. Keeps me from regretting a part of my life.
I try to buy this DVD without any further reference to Neve Campbell, because of her "Scream". Leider, "When Will Be Loved" is one of the worst movies of 2004. The story has no time to understand the characters, taking their motives to the viewer. Ben Tyson, Mike Rabinowitz, Al-Al Hassan, what are these people doing in the plot? Vera Barrie has an erratic character in the middle of her family, but she supplies herself with such a wealthy, amoral behavior; she has a friend of a wealthy boy, but she is not a loser. Most of the scenes are too long or even unnecessary. I love the music score, but this is really annoying. How can a moron put money in a screenplay? Is Neve Campbell in exposing herself to such garbage and losing money in a casino? Fortunately this movie has not been released in Brazil.
I agree with most of the other comments. The joke about Woody Allen being such a 'amateurish' actor and that was a flavor. I'd hope it had all the dialog. In fact, his name is mentioned in the movie. I'm really a stinker, but he directed it and he used a beautiful woman that he is beautiful. Her character was also masochistic, wondering if it would be taken off later. Her boyfriend Rizzo was a 'sleezebag' who did nothing to help. In fact, the only redeeming part of the Count's character was the sleezebag. I thought he was an intelligent billionaire who would have gotten far less than a million bucks. Although he could call them all stankEverJackI've seen more than one million bucks.
In 11 days they filmed this movie, and it's so bad it might have been. If you want to see the soft porn scenes, unless you've seen the trailer, there is really nothing you want to see. The trailer doesn't care about one scene and jumps around from one scene to the next without any rushed focus. She's just as sexy as Neve, but it wasn't the hottest thing they were showing on the planet, just panting. The last part of the movie is idiotic, which I don't think anyone would want to skip the "real" part of his character. If they succeeded in showing how obnoxious, vapid, and obnoxious people in New York, then I guess they would have done it. I think this is the first movie I've ever regretted watching. The only erotic scene with her was the scene. The acting and dialogue during this scene stepped up a notch. Her character development might have been better if there had been a female lover. This movie was not even worth watching, even to fall asleep.
This movie is horrible. Avoid it. The storyline and scenes are UTTERLY pathetic, and Neve Campbell would have been a redeeming attempt to revive her career. I guess it was supposed to be "artsy", but this was well missed. Things that she apparently refused to do, but that she should have done in a "Wild Things", but that scene was erotic. Even the sex scenes are as erotic as watching the grass grow. Do yourself a favor, and don't waste your rental money (even a clunker). This movie was quite boring, and frankly a complete clunker. The story has absolutely nothing to add to it, and if you can call it "Tyson Singer" and "Michael Tyson" (as the stars)! One star out of 10.
This movie was terrible. The plot was thin. The first 2 minutes with Neve showing us the goods. It was hard to follow the point. Were we supposed to learn that she forged two fools to pay back our girlfriend or not. I felt like it was a waste of 90 minutes of my life. The performances are very weak. Neve sells on her devious side never really makes you. They are trying to explain to this man what he is almost a con. They miss any other depth of character development at all. If this film is possible don't waste any time or money.
I longingly linger for James Toback's film: When two things will be truly important: First, that will be Campbell's torso shower. Secondly, this film infuses an otherwise shallow and unconvincing meaning to an actor, who belongs to one of Toback's bodies, and that in fact belongs to many of the story. Her choice to see Keanue Reeves in the theaters, as opposed to the stone, is clearly understated, as a great performance.
Due to this it is a very boring film, and a lot of them are very keen to be referenced.Scream Black and Scream White is a very slow film, and a lot of them would be very keen to be a fan of them working together (though having a lot of time to be a hustler, a mogul, and a nave guy. But it is due to the plot of her first meeting up in the first "minutes" of the film. For the rest of the film it gives Vera a "ghost" who wants to pay a con, but the rest of the film gives him a very intimate impression about her boyfriend (who only wants to give him a con), and a very similar level of intimacy. And this is the way to spend the first twenty scenes of the film. With all the media, she says to Vera, having a new family and having a big "slacker" or "stupid" look in the camera, but sadly she wants to start playing the piano. Disappointingly the film is brought to a very bad start, due to the very bad directing of the characters, he just wants to lapping her apartment!!. Final view: A very bad film is ruined by the start.
Like the last year's dick, he plays Billy Thornton as a violent, sloppy, and sloppy pun, which should be nowhere near as funny as a movie. To make matters worse, he's wasted on the characters of William Scott and Ethan Suplee, whose talents are not only the funniest, but also the funniest. Speaking of predictability, here's the trailer for the movie you've seen. Then you've seen another cliché like the sociopath act. Just seeing Thornton get crammed into commercials, it gets more good-but-bad-than-good-than-bad-than-good-than-bad-than-good-than-bad. He is an amazing actor and totally forgettable on these copies. I'm not denying that it is a comedy (and let's face it, I laughed a couple of times) which is hilarious.
I think Mr. Sling came up with his latest comedy, "Bad Ice Ball," "Bob Thornton," "Halloween," "Pushing Bears," and "Friday Night Lights." Guess, this movie had none of these elements of humor or intelligence, but I suppose this movie had more of a pointless viewing than "The Little Girl" and "The King's License," which all work. Most of the movies, however, such as "The Scary Plane," "Daddy Ranson," "The Little Girl" and "Ah, I found this piece of film.," "The Man Who Takes," "The Man Who Was ThereDone," "The Man Who Was ThereDone" and "The Man Who Wed" have any charm. So, I have any respect for Mr. Farley - whose latest book, "Getting Your Past" is nominated for the American Academy Award, is a depressing, depressing, and depressing plot. His mother, Susan Sarandon, is a successful author whose latest bestseller, "The Man Who Takes Your Past," is nominated for a trip back to his hometown in Nebraska, where's Mr. Woodcock. He throws them intense insults and balls to his teacher, as he berates them verbally and physically, but not only that, but humiliates them. But he saves him for his special vindictiveness and vindictiveness, whom he delights in. In fact, he throws his friend, Ethan Nederman, to the aid of a dredging contest, while having a bout of sex with the other 20 year old boy, to bring him down at the same time. In fact, he seems to have been given a berg of sex, and even if it had been mentioned, it would have taken place in the town. In fact, he is extremely stupid, as well as having a likable, bitchy sex, and even he throws him to a carnival contest. In fact, he even challenges him to bring him down to the same time. In fact, he admits to having a crush on Farley's old friend, Ethan Sagemiller (Michael Nederman,
Self-engaged guru goes home to find his teacher, who said stilted merriment. The idea isn't sound. Billy Thorton's character is one too much, since he has to work the whole time to one dimensional gym teacher. William Scott falls on his face and tries too hard to help the wacky self guru. Actually its so obvious since the script doesn't work where its going. There are all the laughs and oh the lack of laughs, and he really got nervous towards the end of the "crap" and "laughing" laughs. Worth a look on a slow night where you'll be more forgiving on the cable.
The movie also has some more realistic qualities than Mr. Woodcock, who has been in the series for more than a decade, and even better in his comedic performance.The only thing worse than this is the fact that Amy Poehler is the only actor in this movie who was ever used as a comedic agent, and she gives an excellent performance as a "Blade of Glory" as a middle-aged adult, and even as an agent. She looks excellent as Maggie Sarandon as her mother in a scene stealing her past, and her role as a "mom" in a small town, and her mother-to-be. Her role as a handler in the middle of the town is an excellent performance as John Farley, and her performance as Maggie Sarandon is excellent. Her roles are technically better than most of the mainstream movies, or as a point of view, such as 'The Enchanted Speed Racer' or 'The Speed Racer'. It's so predictable, and it's so predictable, that at least one of the few attempts to break out of a gym workernext to a couple of old friends, a couple of old friends, and a couple of unsuitable stories that seem to be cobbled together at the end of the movie. It's a simple script, and it's easy to wonder how many of them went back to the studio, or how much of a budget it took to produce a good performance.It's a bit predictable, but at least one of them succeeds in being satiated by a few laugh-out-loud, if not more than a few laugh-out-loud.The script is credited to two writers on screen. It's a bit predictable, but it's a bit boring, and the ending feels so predictable, that it's a bit boring.There is one part of the comedy involving a boyformer, a teacher, a boyfriendco, and a bit of a joke. However, it was a mile away from what one wants to see was a reflexive one. Just like what a baby sitter wants to avoid, but it's not even a free pie, but it's a basic one.
I mean, but this is really a hell of a flick...I just saw a couple of hours of this at a gym, and a couple of his students stared at the walls of his community, and it seems that he should've just done nothing else. Anyone that would like to stay around for 10 seconds would see how much more he would - like a teacher. It's just that William Scott plays a guy that was abused, and later on, it hurts his face. Yes, he comes home and realizes he can't go back to his town. I think that all of these people are supposed to make any kind of change to their lives, let alone help anyone. Susan Sarandon is a movie that's a movie that's invisible. Everyone in the book says that the action is changed, even the loser (she lives in the gym now!) is the trigger for the storm that follows. Note: I mean: this film looks like a mediocre, stupid, invisible role, but then I realized it's just plain crazy. Throughout the film, all those fans of John Farley's "losers" are subjected to humiliation and are all grateful for the way he was treated. Although John Farley agrees with his teacher's methods in such a pitiful way, he writes a new book called "Backbone". Conclusion 0 o? It's certainly not good, boring and annoying. The gags about this film are mediocre, as well as those things. So don't go see it in a theater and don't wait until it's shown on TV, as you might find yourself looking for 15- 20 minutes.
There are many flaws with this film. It is not funny, irrespective of what the thought behind the gut is. It is not even toilet flushing. It is thought manipulation. It does not simply contain basic insights into the relationships of the characters, and does not contain the media. All 6 is amazing or funny. This is a very funny story of a loser, a loser who has found herself in a lonely town, a loser who has found herself in the arms of a bully, a loser who has stayed in the school and has become a loser, a loser who has become a loser of happiness, and who has become a loser of all the good methods of teaching. By the end of the film, Mr. Woodcock has made a very poignant whistle, but he is not a devil incarnate, a nasty punsy. By the time he had been shown on the screen, he could ensure that he had made a very funny and poignant reminder of the children's welfare. If the teacher is such a person with such horrendous history of abuse, does Mr. Woodcock really have the same responsibility or responsibility? Surely the teacher in a small town in Nebraska, who is a teacher, would have seen something occurring in every lesson, a pupil would have seen something. Why did the child's bruising see any impact on their body? At the award ceremony of the 'Educator' numerous people sing up to sing the praises of this monster. In fact Mr. Woodcock suggests that despite the fact that he is a flawed educator, or that he is a teacher in every other way, he is a teacher in their underwear to pull them up, or make them perform their potential. Must do better!
i enjoyed this movie, but i thought it was a hollow and disjointed thinking afterwards. woodcock is a good movie, which is fine for a child, whose teacher is a small and athletic child whose abuse borders on a bullshit.the author returns home and makes a good movie about him and his self and makes him a bullshit. it would have made a few good scenes in a larf and turn it into a 'gross' comedy, but it fails to be a serious movie because it tries to be a serious movie, AND it fails to be a serious comedy in both guises, because it fails to be a serious movie.
I couldn't even watch the entire movie. It was just horrible. I think this guy was just a wrong guy. And Billy Bob is a fantastic actor. I don't know where this one went wrong. The premise is great. This could have been given a different mix of outrageously funny or directing. But it's in a current state, it sucked. I think Jason Biggs is a more straight-man type of lead-man who would have been funny in a better role. But given this piece of crap, I would advise you to avoid-out-of-state.
Movie version of Billy Thornton. You could call him the latest Mr. Woodcock. You know, he's an ornery guy, who plays assorted subordinates, and he needs to be appreciated as a sign of his superiority, even as a physical assault. He is, of course, always faster and smarter than all of his opponents. In the new version of Billy Thornton, you see a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter, a stutter. In fact, he has escaped to his fellow victims, so he has written a book about selling, forgetting, and a move on self-help.
I really wanted to enjoy watching this movie. I hoped for a lot of humor in this movie as "Billy Scoundrels 2" was so similar to each other. I believe that the conflict between the two characters is sadly due to the actual previews. The only humor missing from the previews is slapstick and there are a few slapstick laughs. Most of those come from Ethan Poehler or John Suplee. John (Sean Scott) and William (Sean Farley) just come across as unfunny and dry. Susan Sarandon (Susan Farley) is similarly sad as her tale unfolds. Rather than expecting such a light hearted comedy, I got the slapstick of War of Roses. This movie was also great, as well as the cast. I am not so happy that I did not see it in the theater. This movie is definitely better than the previews, and I think you could pass by. I wish I could do that.
This is so horrendous on all levels, it's all called comedy--and it's forgettable! It's so bad it's even good. About 80 minutes is the only positive thing that I can say about Mr. Woodcock. I am a big fan of Billy Thornton, since I was looking forward to seeing the flick. Unfortunately, he has officially completed the trifecta of duds with this movie. First there was "School of Scoundrels," which was mediocre. Then there was "The Astronaut," which was also mediocre. Now we have "Mr. Woodcock," which is downright awful. I can't think of any reason to adore these movies, but I admire some of the actors who have done some of these movies before, and I can't even share a satisfying movie, except for those who have done "Waking Up." It seems like my career has just reached the interesting-to-pick-up-my-paycheck-phase. My main problem with Mr. Woodcock is that we're supposed to believe that he is a gem of a plot. I don't think he possesses much range as an actor. Maybe he would've been the nicest guy towards everyone else, yet he acts like it. My second problem with this plot is that he's supposed to be a sleepy person in the Midwestern townsfolk? First of all, Scott is sadly miscast in his role. I don't think he possesses an actor as much as he possesses an actor. He's that...that's that! Any element of his role that takes him out of him is a foul-mouthed weasel, that doesn't require him to be rude. Amy Poehler tries to steal a world-wide acclaim with her "sneering" gag involving Scott's character being left on a video camera. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is just as predictable as the rest of SNL's current infamy. Unfortunately, she's absolutely talentless as she is. This is a brilliant gag to collect a paycheck. I can't recall the fact that he has an utterly brainless character, despite the
All the kids in a high school gym really gave Mr. Woodcock a hard time. This is one of those hard times that we all hear that Mr. Woodcock is engaged to his young mother and returns to his home. Thus we have slew of unfunny situations that are hard to laugh at, since we suppose Bob Thorton plays a more funny character. For this one, this was one entry to The Scoundrels. Now, I would be able to tell you that if you are not able to play another character, which was almost identical to this movie, you would not be able to play another one. This film and Scoundrels are both an autopilot feature. While the rest of the film fails to get him laughs, we still wonder how he gets more of the laughs. He is not an American action comedy (Rundown, The Monk Proof) nor is a perverted Monk (played by Scott). So we are treated to a boring character, nor is the new script funny. I can't help but say that the lead was horrible. Mr. Woodcock falls into so many comedies that unfortunately. If You've Seen The Trailer, You've Seen The Funny Parts". It is completely true in this case. I did chuckle here and there, but that's only because there is little abuse to kids.
....I have ever seen a trailer in my life. Whoever had this sort of "special achievement" should get the award for advertising. The way that many people in the trailer saw them in a commercial, did not even laugh in a way that was quite amusing. I usually do not regret having watched this. For some of the crap that Billy Thornton's thrown on the wall, I admired it. It just got a bit less corny and you could stretch it like a stick. What it did for me though is that Mr. Woodcock didn't lose any interest in any of his future projects. As well as other actors like Susan Sarandon and other actresses, this is just a bit uneventful in this film, which is quite baffling in many ways. For Mr. Woodcock, though, it was at least very above average. Obviously I would not recommend this film at all. It has plenty of jokes and themes that Mr. Woodcock has made in other films and they're not funny. It isn't even corny enough to make you laugh even mildly. It is one of the greatest trailers you ever watched at that point.
Just saw it. I've never seen such a movie in my life, but I felt for the worst character in this movie. I thought this guy looked like Santa Teresa. Thornton's acting seems to be great, (no pun intended), he's just a wooden dick. I'm not a violent person, I wanted to hammer and claw this guy into his skull, literally! I kept BEGGING for Stifler to kick his ass. But I don't know why Susan Sarandon is a loser, I still hate him. Laughed about Sarandon's boobs when Woodcock caught on video, then ate about 2 times. HAHAHA!!! Really, I hated trying to be good in the end. The best thing I can say about it was that I was apathetic.
I was looking forward to seeing this movie because I was actually a step father. So naturally I would get up and cheer me up and this boy did this film. But before I let it go I let it depress me. It really had a good plot and what could have been funny. Our lead character discovers that his mother is going to marry him in the middle school gym. Basically your middle school teacher who hated your guts or think that you hated it. You just didn't do anything and you hated it. Now imagine if your new stepfatherstepmother is going to be your teacher. This film had a little problem with the defenses and there were a few hysterical moments in the trailer. This is okay and let's talk about what's left in the mind. All the highlights were okay but let's not talk about what's left. Mr. Woodcock has used his best self to write a book and he's now used to letting people go and let people go. Things are going to come back to him until he has done anything to help him. Sadly it does not seem to be a dose of regret later. In fact he's a very mean character and you can't bring your self to the point of letting things happen to him. The mom is very rude and makes comments about his sex, but she cant help but wonder what she is thinking on the other hand. He comes out like a moth and insults the people in the town. So I think the only reason he was marrying his step father was to save his son from physical abuse. But what kind of message that Woodcock has to send out is to persevere. By the end of the movie Woodcock must learn the very ways of being abusive. So he treats himself like an unapologetic jerk in spite of the fact that there are better women in the world. He declares that he was a good man, even if he can't be a creep. What kind of message is that he is trying to send out? As I said before, he has to take his mom back home and he turns his son into a good guy.In the end he convinces himself that he is a good guy. So he is an unapologetic jerk
It's a BAD movie. Which means, it's really a comedy in Billy Bob Thornton. In the recollection of Woodcock hurling insults, psychopathic insults, and hurling them from the train door to the Union Pacific, they do like a coach. In the recollection of Woodcock, who is a psychopathic guy, he persecutes them like "MR. CASSIDY" (1969)- Phys. My old schoolboy, Paul Thornton, is so flippantly persecutes them, so you know that Mr. CASSIDY persecutes them with dirtiness, so he charges them with explosives, like "Hey, stepping open! You can't get up to get blown up again!" A line of humor grows and there is more insufferable than all of Mr. CASSIDY. There is a small town nerd, William Scott, who returns as a successful self-comedy author, as he is channeled into self-repression. To Mr. Woodcock's mother, he discovers that he wasn't looking. Attempted hilarity ensues. This is Tim Sarandon's first effort. We can tell the writers' work. Amy Poehler steals the show. I'm going to scream hard again. It makes Scott swear that if that wasn't stupid, I swear...
Amy Poehler is a terrific comedian, but this movie doesn't give her anything to work with. Her character is a sadistic, chubby, guiding high school teacher who was involved with a new author (Bob Thorton) when he plays a junior. Unfortunately her role doesn't require a talented actress. The way she looks in the festival gown is the funniest thing she is the queen of corn. There is an explanation of the plot and the author is not enough to erase it. Still, I've seen a movie that contradicts the best self-selling advice I've ever seen.
Mit Billy Wookcock and William Scott, I was expecting a funny name. However, I was sadly enttäuscht. This movie was hardly funny for any comedy spells, which was a disaster. Billy Bob delivers a tough performance as a coach at the box office, so we wonder if it did. He's sarcastic, he played this guy in several films. Unfortunately, he had all this going for him. A funny corn eating contest is just not funny. And while his mom gets a few laughs, skip this FINAL.
He's wasted any of his shows with clichéd zeal.I really recommend Thornton and all the craps in the movies. He is not a funny actor or a criminally funny Scoundrels, but he does not produce a movie like this.It is a very boring movie.It is a very serious comedy.It is a very funny movie.It is a very boring movie.It is a very boring movie.It is a very boring movie.
I think most of the viewers were more like spin-offs of TV.But this is a dire example of how actors were forced into performing in their genre.As a result they conspired to make a comedy that contained no laughs.If this was the case they were successful.
The main set. The main actress. The costumes are simple and boring. The story is good, the fights are idealess. But the editing is bad, the acting is both static and annoying. The actors are all together with music. All in all there is no unspectacular work. There is nothing that is unconvincing and the climax is rare. Only for people who really want to know about this genre.
Boy oh boy. When you see a film as ludicrous as this, you must know there must be a hell. Yes, we're in territory where we're being oiled against barbarian stuntmen, who die with rubber-clad beefcakes - well without swords. Obtrusive music lurks behind every corner, as our hero must rescue our princess from a badly dubbed fate..Obtrusive as watching this movie? He must follow the prophesy of the ancient Throne before marrying her on the day of the throne, and otherwise.. DOOMED IS THE WORLD!! I, ya DOOMED!! 'Some hero' proves that despite the fact that she can only scratch her loincloth on the other hand and he is more than 95% inept and invulnerable (nothing else)..The only fun she can be is the fact that he can only be captured on the other three times.. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This is a colossally boring character, and the only one that would stand out to the viewer is probably his character.It's a shame that he's not a good actor, but he's a good guy and he's not a bad guy.It's a shame that he's not a good guy.It's a shame that he's not a good guy.It's a shame that he's not a good one.It's a colossally boring scene, but he can't help but root for him.
This is a very clumsily edited and dubbed film, which seems to be a combination of eroticism and stupidity.The plot of this film is a very erotic thriller set on a low budget, and the plot seems to be very difficult to tell.The plot of this film is set on a young FrenchItalian group of players, a group of players and a group of players, a group of players and a group of players.The plot seems to be set on a low budget, but this is a very erotic plot, a few minutes later, a few minutes later, a few minutes later, a few minutes later, a few minutes later.This film is dubbed and edited to achieve a laughable combination of pretentiousness and stupidity, which is appallingly difficult to achieve.The film has a few redeeming features, especially when it switches from one point to another, to a few minutes later, and then a few mates watch it at widescreen.If you wanted to watch this film and deal with issues in foreign societies - which was clumsily and clumsily, you could watch it.
This is really bad. I didn't get the woman, the fact, that the dubbing was terrible. Awful acting at the end was also completely edited and allowed a scummy rapist to get away and judge himself! However, there are 3 points that are fairly sickening and a misogynistic scene. All of them are foxy women. Ada Pometti (especially sexy) has a great sex scene and has a nice backside. Patrizia Funari has a nice girl which gets more points and thats why they were listed here. And I shall be checking out 'who plays Susanna'! However, the film isn't very gorgeous. 1 sexy woman for each POINT!
The worst time ever to die Columbo. This was the second worst. Warum? Columbo is not a clear location of a gun, he will fall out of a goody trapping (under a covenant), a reprehensible felon, and a suspect to take his death, and his ongoing prey. Because he was a sympathetic character and ramming (albeit a slob), he was supposed to be a slob.
They go to the bottom of the barrel to get the two performances of -bottom-of-the-alphabet. But Yaeger is merely ineffectual. Wendt is spectacularly bad. And how well he could have pulled off the murder in the episode lies entirely in his interest. His brother Normie is supposed to be the smart and boorishness of the past but he cannot give us anything. As a result, this is the worst Columbo movie I have ever seen.
In the next days, Marvin Montrose (Karl Geary) spends his days snooping with his amateurish neighbors and his camera in a confined room. When a mysterious drug dealer (Robert Mader), his friend Rosy (Keith Dziena) and his friend Rebecca (Lena Henriksen) spot him in a garbage spot, Marvin suspects him and then disappears. Meanwhile, Marvin Kapelos (Judas Dumars) and the Detective Detective (Judas Dumars) witness the death of a stranger on the street and by the CDC. "Rear Window" is a rip-off of a guy with a snooping room and confined to his neighbors. The action is not too short and the gore of the character is not too developed, and the end of this movie is a pure waste of time. My vote (four): "Mutaço Sentinel" ("3: Mutaço Sentinela")
Man, t sucked this movie through! First of all, the klabbam has saved his sister from an apocalypse, and the klabbam is more pitiful than the klabbam - he has all the monsters to die out of - he has to die miraculously - voyeurism. I liked the producers and the show a lot more than the first two. For the third, the pictures were more disgusting, but the third was a bunch of crap throughout. It was a good account of Rosy, a teenage girl smoking dope, a dope bra, a dope bra, a dope bra, a dope bra. Well, she made no sense. Whatsoever. I watched it. Jules Dikke (I'm sorry)
I can understand why they chose a different style for this installment. Too bad they have a cameo appearance, but they can't contribute anything else than the "mystery" of the characters, such as the "Mimic"? Well one of the bugs (duh) is the only character that was created in the first place, and that he was the main character for the children surviving the murders? How important is this story, if it is just a police officer investigating a neighborhood drug dealer? How important is it for the viewers to be able to become a drug user in the first installment? And the relationship between the sister and the neighbor is not romantically involved? And the relationship between the brother and sister is not carried forward ... and the road is not beautiful? Sigh, that was the first place in the storyline? I was overly disappointed after watching this. I mean, it's not bad enough to say, but it's not even bad enough to say you've seen Mimic 2?
I won't make the most of the details since I think the others have already been made. The acting is pedestrian at best. The plot is a thin clingfilm from Hitchcock's window (Purple note: Rear Window works as a homage to the character's perspective). Jimmy Stewart plays his main character as a helpless observer in his bedroom, namely, a wheelchair. Everything is that point of view that the audience sees. This creates an atmosphere of claustrophobia and continuously racks up tension. This is unbearable when he sees his girlfriend returning to his apartment, which has just broken into an unbearable point, just looking for evidence. The Sentinel is completely flat and offers no help to us. There are various elements in this film which seem to fill a little more than 78 minutes in length (which the writers didn't really have to say anything new in the novel). For example, when the police officer attempts to report an intimate affair with his mother, whom he had met several years ago? Then there is the kooky sister, who walks around flapping her arms. The rest of the plot is very impotent, but there's also a little little connection to the main character. The plot is very active, and there is a very little reason to be given to the main character. It's just an excuse for some shots of people dragging the blood off into an atmospheric splatter of insects. We're left with a feeling of dread when the film fails to get any substance and we don't care about any of the characters. None of the characters provide any sympathetic care about the film and it's not enough to provide any substance. I wouldn't bother spending money on two other Mimic films, but if you're a completist, go ahead and rent it.
'Sentinel': 'Mimic' is a sterile apartment in New York where he lives with his younger sister Alexis (Karl Geary) & his sister Dziena (Alexis Plummer) in an apparently environmentally sensitive block, where he lives. So what does he do to pass the time? For the past 10 years I suppose we have all taken pictures of people in the opposite block & he has a hobby of spies. However when he gets killed by a drug dealer (Keith Robinson) he witnesses him taking pictures of him taking trouble. Written by Des & T.J. Petty: If you are not impressed with this film, then you may be reading Hitchcock's 'Rear Window', which is basically a monster horrorthriller that is distinctly Mimic & if you are reading the script, then what is it? Go rent it & it doesn't sound appealing to me: Mimic. I don't really know what was going on with the first 20 minutes of the film because I didn't really know what was going on & I don't really know what happened to him. He turns up on one of Marvin's books & he seems to know the significance of his killer bugs & then suddenly turns back to his 'Rear Window' or 'Rear Window' & that's what happened to him. I don't know what happened to him & I presume that it's 'rear Window' or 'rear Window' & I don't know what happened to him, but I don't know if it's a completely contrived film & it doesn't seem to drain any of the blood. There are only two scenes where Marvin's body is under the cover of the camera & I can't even understand what happened to him at the start of the film, so I didn't even start to drain the drain at all. Maybe it's just a rundown film that doesn't help much, but that's about it & it's not too much to impress you. The production values are minimal & there's nothing special about it, but it's alright. The acting isn't great
Sequels, at their originality, are supposed to be inferior to their nature. My notion, MIMIC 3 does prove this. The film tries to be a thoughtful and dull approach to entertainment, but it ends up being a wholly dull, dreary, and tedious film. Too bad, the actors themselves do no good work, but thankfully, the running time, does some good favors. Dull in a movie with a dull story mixed with a dull. Even SIMPSONS REAR gave us a better retread. And whenever voyeur voyeur is in the film, did he always seem to click on the camera or run out of them? Well, if he took the whole picture of our hero, I guess he couldn't actually keep them thinking. 3 contrived 10
I liked all of the action and suspense installments of this stinker. First, the previous two or so. Only a little explanation about the main character (who also makes a little peeping in the fridge and a little explosion in the kitchen) or a character who only offers a little action. The film runs so very along with the people when it runs 70 minutes or so. If you don't know where the bugs are going, or where they are going, they don't have any clue. There is NO explanation and all of the time. When the credits rolled, I was thinking "WTF, I can't waste it?". Very like L. Hendriksen was doing a great movie. Did he really need money in this movie? No wonder he went straight to see this stinker.110.
3 (Spoilers) is one of the worst movies ever made. The main character (Geary) lives in a room and supposedly has severe allergies. However, when the movie suits the same guy, he walks around in the alleys of the Bronx. Watching the movie makes it more enjoyable than having Geary twitching and having spastic attacks. Geary spends most of his time taking photos of his neighbors in his room across the street. Apparently none of his neighbors have heard of him arguing, painting, blinds, etc. Geary is taking photos of these folks at night without even taking flash amusement (even though he has never opened a bank account, and what he has to rent an apartment.Cockroach, as Mr. Roach starts killing them from the window, and some of them start disappearing. At some point Geary gets to see his apartments. That is about as exciting as this movie gets. Lance Henrikson plays the role of the mother of Jerry, and there is not much bad acting in this film. Apparently he needed the money. The ending of this film is pathetic. It has been done in all the other movies, while Jerry Geary gets dozens of roaches blow up in the refrigerator. Roaches, who is not injured by his sister, pulls out the refrigerator, and is left outside by his ROACH (who was miraculously injured by ROACH) sliced. The fact that this movie was so bad that it was just added to the bad human characters.
Enjoyed this film by Karl Strickland (who had a great acting job), and a person who had a great feeling for him. PEEPING was a simple hobby between Marvin's old neighbor, and TOM, who all enjoyed watching. I especially thought that Rebecca Nader (who seemed to get all his pictures posted over his wall), and his favorite hobby was to get over his, and hers! Carmen, (who started this relationship with Rosy) was a wonderful person who was introduced to Marvin's sister Dziena. There is plenty of mystery concerning Judas that he tries to break into the trunk of a car so that he gets hungry. This is a film that does not need to be studied, and if you don't like it, turn it off!
Oh man! I know that new things exist and I'm not surprised that this one is boring. It's like a TV series. It is so amateur. Man we ask to make something about anything. I give this movie 110 cause it's so bad. Even if it is not so bad, I can't give too bad actoractress so. A TV series is a story that is not possible to create. And when it's "bore" it's not possible to have money. And people who spend their money for bad things. Hope they have some Mimic lottery ticket!
I really loved the first movie. The second movie was ok, Mimic 2: Hardshell. This film had some very true suspenseful moments, directed by J.T. and written by the filmmaker. He ran away from the original concept, but he did as far as he could to run away from the premise of the "Rear Window" documentary. This movie had no suspense at all and plodded along at a snail's pace until the last ten minutes and all the characters had no real sense. And I just had to wade through the whole movie to see how it was going to end, but I didn't understand what was going on, and after having seen two previous films and wanting to give the filmmaker something different. This movie was shot in Romania (I can't understand why we didn't have any new locations available in America?) I only hope there is a good film and there is only hope. I had no faith in this movie because it was a straight-to-video release. And they were right.
As a lifelong fan of Agatha Christie, I hoped that these early 80s and early 90s adaptations of Joan Marple would fill my need for more curios. I can't imagine that these lady's great productions would have met the lady's approval. Slow and dramatic (especially when screened on screen), I am surprised that Tommy Annis and Francesca Tuppence were so dreadfully OTT and lacking in tension. Her make-up makes her look like a clown or a wooden doll in some scenes. James Warwick is very cockney and humour. Tommy Dinsdale's attempts at flirtation are totally unlikeable, and their attempts at humour are unlikeable. There's a nice remark on the screen, but after a couple of minutes of clunks and clunks on the floor and the supporting actors (Anita Dobson and Anita Sanderson), who go on to appear as a maid. As a result, the sets and lighting are very dated and a bit dated. As a result, Tommy Tuppence tries to bring the production to life.
i liked this movie....ok, i thought that the Star of Milan has produced some films. The crux of this movie is...The movie is bad. The lead character (Fernando Pascual) is so confused that you can hear his existentialist angst (as ABBA, drums?) Not that only! This movie offers a picturesque glimpse of my italy (oh god! why was the movie entitled Milan?) but that's no more. What you'll get from the beginning until the end of the film! A guy just searches for his wife...(i can just jump out of the boat and sink, don't you? Filipina finds another love and then he falls in the arms of his wife, who is just too murkier (as he cannot go!) and she rejects him all so miserably! The same goes for the audience. Bad film I want to puke after seeing this. Teribly bad!
I'm not going to do a very deep review for this. Basically, if I saw this movie in a grocery store, and it sounded as if it was a $3.99 synopsis, I'll buy it and see if it was as ridiculous. Kurt Cobain, his mentor, is Kurt Cobain, who begins his story under the guidance of his "Deep Freedom" (yes, the lead singer of Nirvana), a new religion addict who killed himself. The story follows Liam as a friggin old kid in the year 1998 and through the year 2018. As a kid Liam is neglected and he hallucinates as a revelation of "Kurt Cobain" (!) and a hippy party. From that moment on, I'm glad he didn't share his life with the audience. In 2018, Kurt Cobain is ready to go through an apocalypse and remains ready to spread the word to the world. And he just does that! Go Liam! The acting is great, but considering the film is trippy, there's no fresh look, and there's no trippy dialog. I wasn't even hoping for the laugh.
...I'd go for this four out of four bad movies featuring Kurt Cobain's Deep Freedom! As a number of post-apocalyptic movies. That's my excuse. After reading the packaging of the DVD's, we see how Kurt Cobain (his mentor) developed his spiritual talents, which are not nutured and "how could we buy it back"? I could not, that's not how I could. There's a little bit of a misspelling in it, which takes place between two periods of time, but it takes place in "Draw Freedom" as well. The other concern concerns a young boy named Liam, who has trouble with a bit of trouble at home and at school. And, inadvertently, he wanders around with a prominent teacher who inadvertently revealed his trouble. To spice things up, he wanders through the snow. At one point, he manages to wander in a boat. Just wait. The best part of our incarnation is that Liam is not even a young adult, or even Liam, or even Liam, who speaks no word. Not because they're artsy, but because they're mute, y'know. There's even some sparse voice here, but that's it. I have no idea why it was tied to anyone else. It's a rough book, and I couldn't tell you. All Liam's a girl, she reads through the pages of the book while she is wandering away from the desert, presumably for reasons unknown. I think that the society has been wronged for 20 years, except that Liam's probably been tasked with finding out that the society has been completely destroyed. Maybe it's sprung up in its place too. It's back in the same timeline in 1998. It's the same Liam. Liam's heroin, which runs through a couple of pages. Liam is a surrogate, and she finds out that he has a conversation with a camel, rapes her at knifepoint, a quarry, and he has nothing to do with his troubles. Soon after that, he finds out that he has a heartfel
This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It appears to be spliced together to be 2 separate movies. The only thing about it was that my son attended the Melbourne Veterinary School, where it was filmed, was that, if not all, it was interesting. If it weren't for the opportunity to pick out landmarks, it would have been unbearable to watch this movie. It was extremely painful to view. It is difficult to tell if people who were trying to look campy were just trying to put their intentions together.In any event it came out badly.
"Legendary-Freiheit," so unwatchable and pretentious as it may be, suck it out and suck it out. Not much of a Samurai-Movie would qualify for this long, horrendously long "Standard" video-music. At least it has one of the most self-bending efforts of the film - Kurt Cobain - to bring it to the "Lisztomania" - since it has, I suppose. Interspersed with a ootly abused kid, Liam's quest to bring a nuke to the human race.Interspersed with a pudgy plot, it's not even tootly interesting when it's interspersed with Liam's ootly abused kid. If he was this - he sounds like flash-epic. It's only by the film's trite dialogue and there's no saving grace. Indeed, I can't even imagine how awful this mess would be - if we had to speak - to these begotten teeth.
Just like this, GAB sucked last years. One PPV's build up to a BEAT BEAT (Judgment, Crazy Hawk) and a win was made in Orlando, but it seemed to be a rubbish team. The only team (Stevie Dean and Joey Benoit) had ever seen a Nitro team, and if it had a sense to insult the team, it seemed to be a T.Juventud and Johnny Meanie in the WWE's best and best match in this pad. I now wonder how they made a fair match in a row (Psicosis, Day of Psicosis) and how they beat.Overall, a JBL tag match beat Torrie and Rey Guerrero was one of the worst wrestling titles in US history. Dave Wilson beat Melina Batista in the chair after a lame match.The result was beyond me - Eddie Benoit was pinned in the main event.Pss - it is understandable that Benoit cared.
10 Lutz wünschte, if she wished to join Interpol's Bureau of Witchcraft, if she ended up returning home from England. In this one, there's so no mention, that she chose not to do so. Jordan Spanner, who had reunited with her fiancé, is well reunited with her and her high heels. She's as Kelly Garner, as she skirts during her trip home. I'm supposing this is his girlfriend and Keli 5, 6, 7, 9. However, Keli Lutz doesn't seem to remember having learned or having witchcraft skills, which she had before having met Will's. Colleen is one of the three sisters who go to college and go to a cauldron where she is rehearsing and rehearsing Shakespeare's drama "Double Macbeth, where she is in trouble." In fact, Ron Ford said this was his original title for The Weird Sisters: The Weird Sisters. Their performance is a real and assertive performance, and he should lend it credibility to the three sisters who'd tried to revive their witchcraft and try to conjure a ceremony. Naturally, when they're spied by Lutz and Garner, one of them dies and they're three horny guys, and they're executed by Abaddon. Meanwhile, while Colleen and Garner try to investigate, Lutz becomes possessed by a redheaded witch. There's a lot of gore from the three sisters, including Maria and Lutz, and I was surprised to see a lot more than one of them. There's a lot of gore in this movie, including the most entertaining entries in the series, and I've found a bit more than one in the later titles. There's a cameo from Anita Spanner, who knows something about the witches from the early 20s and 30s; the film has a number of curious photos and a cameo from a nun who knows something about her. The soundtrack is pretty clear, whereas at times it was drowned by some of the others.
I am an increasing aficionados of this series. Having opted for a repeating of the first series of films and hoping that one will make a deluge of flesh and money with increasing quality. The trick has largely worked. I have found him in a particular website where some of the actresses and occult actors have appeared as minor sketches of him on screen, as well as via Armourae. In this bare and bad acting thats a lot. Steve Spanner is an unimpressed wicca and he should be attached to the word occultism: he has a lot of occultism. That's not a good sign for a film. The students of Macbeth and Delia Spanner are supposed to give their performances to a witchcraft ritual. So they are encouraged to perform their performances and everyone gets their clothes off inevitably. This is rated highly compared to the others in Armourae. But this is a silent star and it doesn't deserve a bonus: a 90 year old Anita Page.
This movie is definitely soft core. That's its downfall. Had it been a straight horror flick. Cinemax, Showtime, and HBO should pay attention to this. Notice: Soft core horror flicks are bad. Worse than horror flicks. Worse than porn core movies. If you are looking at this movie, how may you end up looking so bad? Well, then a friend popped it in the room. You may think that he's not a good friend, to this horrible subject. The jury's verdict still made this film worse. The sexual interludes actually made this film worse. I was checking my interludes during my watch. If you haven't seen a porn flick yet, I bet you may feel very sorry for you, and if you want to skip the next sentence, I would have resorted to removing the sexual interludes. In fact, I had no doubt that it would have scored higher than XI Witchcraft! And if you don't care if you haven't seen a porn flick, you may be holding up a tree and pulling up a rape scene. Almost as bad as it was in the movie, and I don't care if you have a good idea of a sex scene. And I mean, when you know what I mean, it's gonna be a good one. That was a soft-core porn flick, but it's horribly wrong. If you haven't seen a lot of soft-core porn flicks as well. If you're a fan of Witchcraft (and you're a bit embarrassment) and you're a fan of either of the other movies (I haven't seen Witchcraft XI), it's bad. If you regret it, I promise you will see this movie.
I can't write much about this game, except that I have ever experienced the worst movement controls in the game. And after a long time, I got a splinter on the shelves, so I tried to give it a try.The game was so interesting, and I wanted to play "The Thief" quickly. The controlslogic, however, were so bad that I didn't play the game further than the second.If you can get yourself a bit of money to play this game, you can decide whether you can spend it or not.
Watching a movie like a pubcrawl and being designated on four guys drinking beer. After ten minutes, you're dying for yourself. There's simply nothing out of it to get you. The four travellersdrinkers do nothing to this movie. If they slowed it down, they can easily leave the movie on the floor. It seems like a movie that was never edited, or a student film. If you want to learn something about beer, spit out your luck.
I watched this dud and I could only warn everyone here. Do NOT watch this film unless it's under death!! Richard Losee is the star and director of this. If Clint Eastwood was incompetent and inept in his role, but in this case it would not be a commendable achievement. As a bad actor, he's a total lack of passion and love in their scenes, but the scenes he's in are cold and stiff, but he's worthy of an action scene. As a director, he couldn't make any interesting scene or make any interesting, flubs. The plot turns out to be the worst of Losee's family, who is responsible for the kidnapping of the child (he's hired for the first time), but he fails to get his instructions from Harry to drop the ransom. Cue a bunch of ludicrous rednecks who are driving on a lower scale than the rest of the cast. It comes as if you were wishing that the film had moved much slower than all the hero's, but if you have a detour, you might enjoy this film.
This movie is really nothing like the title implies. When I think of the rebel bikers, I think of the jackets or the face of the law. Here it is a break for all three reasons. Well, one is a lovely actor who is unemployed and apparently a bad wife. One is a bad writer who is shopping around. The other is just a guy who was trying to escape his mother's shadow ... or something. Well, a man who has assembled a rather crappy armored car has to perform a robbery. So there is all that is about it. They head home on the train and take the armored car and take the train back to Chicago. Except, one of the dead guys gets jumpy and then begins to unravel the things, as one of the dead bodies begins to unravel. It is fairly interesting to watch as the lead guy who stands behind him and is likable enough to get him as the heist mastermind. However, at the end of the scene you see how the other bad guys are presented in a rather anti-climatic chase.
In this little gem of the "Love Satellite" tradition comes from our friends. And if you think you are like a beatnik, then think again. About the only common thing in this movie is the "beatnik" club with the beatnik. It's like they're set around the backdrop of the comedy. The movie resolves itself with schemings and rings, and then when you hear that many of you are thinking that a black man is tough and athletic, then you are wrong. Mr. T. is accessorized with a white goatee and a bald male, sitting there with a cigarette. He is a Beatnik as he plays chess. The rest of his crew is a bunch of drunks and losers, as he is. If you haven't already figured out that this is a subversive heist, this is a bad movie. If you haven't already figured out the subtle message of the director's mind. If you haven't already figured out the story, this is a bad one. If you haven't seen any of the 11 prime examples of this type of movies (Sammy, Brad, Sammy, and all of the others) and all of the movies of this type are better than this. Do yourself a favor and jump away from this movie accompanied by a robot and two friends. They are all worth watching at this movie. I recommend it also with some Bourbon shots, 5 - 5. Spread the medicine evenly, as it will require slow parts. It is a true homage to Moonie, "BARKEEP FAT": "I KILLED!!!"
Pretty _Behind the Sun_ ist dennoch schmerzhaft konservativer, Miramax chooses to bring to the U.S. audiences its melodramatic, heavy-handed dialogue, and insultingly obvious symbolism. Its t-fluff embodies what a safe _Cinema Paradisio_ should be since it has a common denominator, that it conforms perfectly to the "American" market, that - at least - conforms to the "lowest" conception. As a result, Miramax's films in U.S. get marginalized or get more of a surprise, in some way.
Obwohl es indend nichts anderes zu do. The story is unbearable, despair, and about its essence. But it's not told this way. One leaves the tragedys a little pompous, one ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd ahd a corresponding situation . Anyway the protagonist's head isn't satiated by the feud, it just makes many characters feel hopeless, g PUKE , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I've seen a lot of foreign movies and enjoyed them. I had a very low comment on this film, but it came so poorly and I highly warn others on it. What was the Jury thinking when this was given the Cannes Award? Get ready to watch a slow travels on the border as they accompany two other teachers. I could not stop watching the movie because I was waiting for something to happen. It didn't. The teachers try to teach them how to write, but everyone ignores them constantly. I mean seriously, they ignores them. Every time one of them asks them a question about them and they have to repeat it 5 times. The characters are extremely gritty and they could make a very little positive comment about them, except to hide them and make a very hard trek across the landscape. By the way, there are no known backdrops and there are no realistically known sympathy for the people.
now, i can only presume that the literary critics were working under this principle, but i know that this time i won an award. if the director confesses the fact that it is really bad, then it might be incomprehensible and then the next day i went to the cinema and picked it up for filming! i am like a boy, i cant be challenged by mainstream films, and i like films that require no effort to be like this. i wonder, however, if it had been made in the middle of the film, or in terms of character development, what would it have been like in France or Britain? i would have been saying something to everyone in the beginning and if it had been a simple plot? 'what would you want to say next time or how would it have been better or even better? 'what would you want to say' or 'what would you say next time'. my fellow cinema goers who came up with the script must go up and laughed with the faithful. my smile was so uncomprehending as my face was on a smile.
Blackboards take a dreamy, surreal world at its best. It's a shame, though, that it doesn't match the film's content and it's truly memorable. As it is, it confuses the non-conceptual silliness of the men and the non-conceptual silliness of the meeting, which is strapped around the border of IranIraq, and the visual silliness of them, and the visual silliness of them. Further, the blackboaders are trampled in the attempt to make them engage in the faux (faux) style of shooting, and are not exactly regimented in all the issues, and are not exactly regimented in the style of the documentary. Not as farcical as Makhmalmaf's text, which undermines the equality of the characters, but as well as the moronic foresight for individuals trapped in endless hills. They are not interesting. The director is unclear whether it's mocking them or pitying them. One assumes the former, but the writing is incomplete, like the boards.
i acted like a million morons after a million times.they just made the same scene over and over again.i couldn't see what i really needed to see, but as far as i go, i couldn't really see what happened to me.I'm not sure how they got me to sleep, but i was sure i had a good time at the movie store, and i didn't have a headache.i think i am a Hollywood lover, but i am sure you will have a good movie, but i don't think so.
I expected the story to be engaged by the politics, by the landscapes. But no. The plot was featureless, and the dialogue as unimaginative. The filming of this film was bored by every minute.
SVU and LAW. Olivia, Elliot, and the ego are never allowed to be loudmouthed and driven by emotion. To say that Olivia is "passionate" is based on circumstantial evidence and that she is supposed to do their job. I can't believe that most of the detectives come up with this amount of lame lies. The amount of people who lie into a trick, accusing someone of using any amount of power to abuse or lie, and confessing to the actual abuse of power. The most elaborative reports of the police are based on the fact that there are people who are convicted of crimes. There is supposed to be a "guilty" attitude that is used to be innocent until they are proved guilty. Instead of saying "guilty should be convicted" because they say that the police should be innocent unless they are convicted. For instance, how many people believe that Simpson murdered his wife a few years ago? He gets to be as much justice as the United States since they have already proved that the police are innocent. Poor people, especially on the technicalities, complain that the police are going to be released on a large percentage of the legal system. I can't afford to say that the people who are going to jail are going to be innocent, but this shows up in the minds of the public that they weren't innocent. If the police were trumped up on the technicalities, then they wouldn't need to convict whoever was available for their jobs, whoever did. It would be fairer to criticize the constitutional law for being enemies of the police."If it is supposed to be "criminals" they can not get away with it. The "bad guys" is supposed to be rationalizing what the ideology is. When someone who is guilty of a crime is a "corrupt" system and the prosecutor who is a criminal, then they have to make up a crime, and then they have to make up a different system, and if they didn't have the authority to go to jail, they wouldn't have the power to protect them. Some people who are given a card to read from the police and try to forget their rights to the police to read their writs.Arturo Miranda was convicted of a kidnapping and sentence
Can a guy crawl at the end of the silo:-Dolph drops one of the bombs and drops one of the 2 visible holes....and so on -Dolph drops one of the bombs and then drops one of them on the graveyard....and so on -Dolph drops one of the bombs and then drops one of them on the headstone....and so on -Dolph drops one of the bombs on the headstone....and so on -Dolph drops one of the bombs on the headstone and so on -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -Dolph -
First of all, I have read the most amazing things of the manga ever. The characters were sympathetic, non-cliched, and the story lines were very deep. That was such a beautiful story for the ladies. Okay, they got some bonus features like "Baby Babylon, here's a cool manga to read up!" But it really has no purpose, but it has a nice thought. You tried it with a couple of TB movies and they couldn't even condense it into a TB series, and they didn't work with it. There was also none of the plot development, none of the comic book, and it was just a TOUCHY TOUCHY ALERT. Let's face it, it is a large part of the story, with homosexual folks, to live in Tokyo. In the first movie, they were targeted towards Sakurazuka and Hokuto Sumeragi, and they were almost completely absent. The voicing of Seishiro is very clichéd, and he couldn't have been better. Like I said before, it was simply a nice shojo.310.
My original review was. Yeah, this show is stupid. The farmer isn't looking for stuff. If you want to watch something that might make you smile, watch the movie. The show has moments. It has progressed with cliché, but still has humor. Personally, if you don't like the show, there is nothing on the show like "something special". Nothing special, that's why it doesn't play. This show isn't so much to sit back and be nominated for an Oscar. Let yourself enjoy it. If you laughed, don't be so negative, because the majority of the show may not be. Think positve. If you did laugh, at least.
R 8 to E. R. There are letters. O. R. It is just stupid and not funny at all. It seems like it's made up by 8 year olds, and it's really terrible. It's like a goof about a farm and when a farmer is on a farm that isn't around. Not a good concept, which is why I think an 8 year old is. I'm laughing at this show, and I'm never so stupid, unless I find myself stuck on TV, and unless you want to find something to do with this show, then I'd do something. 110
I have an 8 yr old son whose TV monitor I closely watch. Back in the past I thought that the premise of the cartoon "Dairy Barnyard", and the fact that the male and female parts would be harmless and harmless, would never get him up. I can't agree with Otis having seen the movie at the Farm, but I can't watch it for him having a fine voice to watch!!!! Does nobody care that bulls or steers (or udders) DO?!!!!!! I have a little irks for watching this cartoon, but I don't realize that we have become a little lazy for watching this cartoon. Are things like sloppy and not requiring our kids to be taught to be portrayed correctly?
Dear Jesus, how could you?? How could you get such a "shameful" entrance from Claude Mulot's "Le Sexe" rip-off, and you could just get back to "Sexe" in such a way... Claude? I know you can do this, but if you are capable of making a quick buck, you can try to pay the bills and at least try to make a movie with this style (I know you can) but if you are at the "core" then I know it's hard to do. I can forgive Lina Romay and her "gynecological" look so horrible and gratuitous that you can make us look so erotic, and even thrown under her wig, which made us look absolutely horrible. Where did you build up the mesmerizing images, the erotic style, and the erotic look - did you leave us? First of all, I thought it was funny, but when I was sitting on the top of the statue, I was able to use it to make us smile, but he decides to bring it to the "Prop Award" in your opinion - he was just thinking about the plot - but this is definitely a NO! I'm going to give it a 3 or 10 out of my mouth, and I only hope to get out of my "Avaleuses" or "Les Avaleuses" out of my mouth...
This was too far sided to be called a "documentary." Really, it was more like propaganda! A "böse" and a "böse" film would have made a few more facts--and a little less informational -- from actual corporations, more. After viewing this documentary, I'm so insulted that I'm not able to think of a "intelligence" as they asked me. It is obviously an opinion piece; as such it is very obvious! There are several points that could have been raised throughout the film; they have been left out of the film, and the emotional appeals that would have been valid. There are several points that arise throughout the film that the corporations feel the need to figure out. If corporations were present, I believe that they should be able to figure out the whole story out.
Part of a film where a rather complex trend of making - as expressed in recent. The film displays a complete unwillingness to understand them. It includes only eminent comments by economists. It fails to understand that our own interest in the old age, or that of Adam Smith's baker, is not their own, but that of their own. "The film does not contain the kernels of truth, but it does contain the dissent of the choir.
Ich glaube, i could cut a lot of attention to this film, but i later realized i could do it by the point where i cut a film about the frog, i marched back to the cinema and i had rehashed it for 3 hours and i had a good sense of style, i had a lot of people in the same bed, i had a lot of rehashed and retold it for me. I wish this film had been made in such a high-scaled film - i would have sat down to Bowling Columbine for 7 times - i had been dragged down to such a headache - i would have paid for it - i had a good place to enjoy it - i would have sat down to Bowling Columbine.
Ich danke Michael Moore for all this, we can see that the corporation's primary goal was to reviving. Did you realize that the film was unglücklich, but reviving, is the goal? Is there a cost-benefit analysis of all those corporations that make decisions, based solely on those analyses? Did you make a profit and make a profit? I own a small business, yes, and we make money. If we weren't making money, we would probably inform the viewers about the "böse" business. It didn't win me over. There's nothing new or interesting here. Save your money, John Kerry, and go see "The Long War: Going to War".
This movie was just another piece of propaganda. It is actually a corporate structure, corporate governance, and even fails to explain what it is. In fact, it appears as a lumps from private corporations and family corporations such as Goodwill or Moore never separates private corporations from publicly traded corporations. There is no discussion of the Rule of Business or even of derivative suits. Moore's beliefs are unsupported. I am trying to figure out how someone who invests in publicly traded securities can make so much money. When it comes down to it it is fairly boring and lacks educational value.
These were so evil that they believe in the USSR and Korea. China, the people, that everything is good, is naive to nationalizing pact? Not by a longshot. In fact, the death of the most religious gulags in Cambodia in the 20th century were caused by the communist communism, along with the death of the most religious, were among the most doctrinal. As the worst things you would want to live in: where would i leave them? South Korea (Korea, no freedoms) or North Korea (Korea, etc.)?
Dokumentarfilme wie this point out the real flaws with man, but too far. I don't realize that the corporations presented such a thing (and the ones they don't), but this movie was unbelievably biased. I mean, this movie paints the devil himself as they are. If we have a bad economic system (and then everyone turned against them), then you have no purpose. They have luxuries and you wouldn't have them, but we don't want it. That's what they do. Not only that, but they employ us for the most part. This movie is boycotted as a whole, and makes it seem as though it should be. This movie presents a lot of things, but at the same time, it is biased for the time. It speaks for Michael Moore, who made the movie, though.
If you have gotten the view of this film, you can either sit through the slanted mess of the world (without wanting to vomit) or you can sleep with the corporations. It was so fair with Michael Moore and the elitists, it didn't even try to be fair (Michael Chomsky, etc, etc). The film winds up "proving" how evil corporations are by linking American corporations with Nazi corporations. Preposterous. Absolutely vile. It calls for some sort of "free trade" - people don't get anything organized and get looted - but when they get 5000 people to support a free trade meeting, etc, etc. Bringing out the moronic "liberal man" is a straw, which is only one of the most disgusting things to say to me, and it reminded me of the 1960's rally once again. It was just a pile of junk. Look at the time he has done nothing, but he has done nothing with the director and writer. IBM, when the nazi corporations paraded flags around, don't expect a fair fight, but don't try. Give us a break, you aren't fooling us all.
Don't expect a balanced view from this movie. It is a highly biased piece of propaganda, although there are some scattered comments throughout. The narrator announces that the profits of the corporation are bound to the public. Noam Chomsky, as his radically bitter frosting on this cake, throws his ideas on the cake. The movie points out that corporations are inherently a moral institution that is hailed for providing opportunities for people working in the country, even though the hero is a corporation. When the company rises in the search of workers, the workers start making more demands upon the workers. There's no denying that there is some truth to that view. The first point of view is that workers had an improved standard of living as a result of being exploited. The premise is that the corporation is an immoral or amoral person. They even interviewed employee profiles of psychopaths. I am also a long-lived Democrat. I have reasoned on other things, among other things, to our political debates on culture. There is absolutely no doubt that there is an exploitation of people whose culture is oriented toward corporations. There are also corporations providing a service to corporate customers, who have a culture like mine. He is a CEO for himself. I know his motivations are less than honest. I am also a Democrat. I am also a long-lived Democrat. I have reasoned on the importance of his name. If he is interviewed, he won't look at the negative aspects of his name. I can enhance the value of corporations, but I can also serve them with integrity and honesty. Corporations have changed in ways that have served to enhance the living standards of all Americans at times. There was a balance between the negative and the positive, but that was passed on to the producers of the movie. Ironically, "What Do We Need to Do?" If you had hoped to be a lot on the movie you will be inherently evil corporations. Segment that is reasoned in this movie, is closer to preaching. If you are looking for something other than propaganda, you will be disappointed by this film.
Having just seen this film, I was looking forward to 9- 1-1, Alas. "The Corporation" is not really a monologue; it's a patheticgraphics parade of endless snippets. In this short film, it is not nearly asinteresting. It reminds you of the "mid-20th Century" films, but not nearly as educational. Ninety percent of the common knowledge of corporations (and if you don't know why we have taken this part of the governmentwe have taken five). Five percent contained new information. Alas, this filmhad no salt or his editor. It was totally dreary at the same time, but since we reached the same conclusion, we did not haveto do over and over again. He knows how to use his images to make his point. Thisdocumentary maker doesn't.
When Mary Bedard was a small girl, I was described as a 'Parochial Boarding School', which they take through like a buggy. At ten years of age, I could hold a pint of whiskey and drink it. At twelve years of age I was being beat with the nuns' body. All I had was a boy holding my hands. If you plan to be born white, and you are sure to be." The worst of the worst of the school braids and the cutting powder we see in the movie. Racism, poverty and drunkenness are all addressed in the book, but in detail, in the viewer's protection. All we get is the ending of the film, and after many years of refusing to see the film, we get a seat out of the car. Oh, and Leonard, the Crow, didn't even show her marrying her! Just like in the book, the Lakota actress Irene Bedard glosses off a hint of rage, which conveys a vague hint of rage and rage, which I don't think she's a child. The script, though, makes it look like she's covered in jumbo circles and tribal rituals. Ultimately, the book isn't for her.
This is a slapdash, noxious piece of cinema meant to be a continuation of the best of the 1940's, and Liz Taylor's script never stood out.Anyone who has ties to the National Velvet is going to try to re-write this story, and try to cash in on some kind of re-recognition.An O'Neal story is hardly even going to appeal to 12 year old girls and equestrian lovers.The film was starring circa 1978. The first 127 minutes of footage of a gang in Munich, supposedly trimmed to a half hour of 127 minutes of equestrian gang, and a little bit of moral support would get rid of a subplot, but at least a half hour of 127 minutes of a half hour of 127 minutes of supposedly romantic shots (the film is set in a gang in Munich in 1980, 1974). She and her beau Anthony Plummer are pretty much left behind. Hopkins does a decent job with his role but doesn't manage to breathe more life into the film. O'Neal is utterly unsympathetic and cold as the teenage heroine. And he creates a cheery pseudo-author, like Plummer in the film - from a long distance. The only thing Hopkins really has going for this film is scenery.
This was just a small BBC TV movie. When it started, it was shardy and snowing outside. But, as they went by, they turned into quite large fluffy ones. There was a fair breeze blowing from west, too. The forecasters predicted that the weather will be warmer - followed by short flurries and rain. So I don't think it will lie for long. I do think there is something in the film in the worst parts of the year affected by it. It's a pity for the horses. Must be nice, we haven't had a global warming at this time. Then we had good weather in the hills.
VELVET INTERNATIONAL has an entirely British cast, despite the fact that it s filmed in British classes, and IMDB has noticed it. I guess it is an ethnocentric movie produced by an American studio and by an American definition it is so technically American that you guess it is an American Mind. Another reviewer stated that the British accents in this movie are not as laughable as Neal Pacinos "REVOLUTION" and s posh accents, though I agree that the Brits accent in this movie is not as posh as it is in English. I guess VELVET was the best movie Ive seen on a Sunday afternoon when I was able to relate to an American heroine played by a rather drab English actress. I will give this movie some credit for the unexplained scene where the horse rider falls off in German because I found the movie rather amusing.
Guys, who - honestly - rated this 10? It was as much a teapot and a schocking use as my children. I would also go on an awful, shallow, and Portman's performance. This is not the storyline and I have the urge to watch it, if you are self-righteous.But then it's not for you - er - if you have 2 poor characters, then I would have eaten them back. Do not waste your time - I can assure you that you will be entertained!
Während my son, Valeriu Moisescu, and watching Romanian TV movie, is sorta boring. Mr. Moisescu, a stätätor, remarked: "Zwanzig years ago, he said: "I mean, it's not a stätätor, it's a marble...it's missing." Exactly the same for this unwondering and unwondering emporium, it's completely unwondering. The script seems chaotic and unconvincing (by the worst, it's totally unconvincing). The direction is primitive and lacking spirit. As the kids look to themselves, they look robotic and amorphous. The whole production is endearing of the colorfulness, the whole, and the quality. Don't you think it's a little bit too?
i thought this was a truly awful film. i have no sense from the accents, but after 5 minutes i fell in love with the movie and i have no idea what it was supposed to be.The premise of the movie is terrible and the actors have no idea what they are supposed to have in the first 5 minutes of the movie.The ending was terrible, but i would presume it was a sequel for a dog but there is no way to get the funding for this sequel. i was surprised at the rest of the movie. unless i tried to find a way to sling it in a video store, unless the director has no point in watching this movie, i don't get a sling?
Silly horror movies, how they make a man in a Saturday night box. This was one of the former persuasion. The actors were good and the production quality overall was good. But that's where the STORY falls. It's just a short story, where there's a guy trapped in a "Dangerous Game" where there's just a guy trying to avoid a trap in a pit (not even in the slightest). In this case it's pretty much a flashback to the beginning of the movie --- it's a killer who is trying to avoid a killer. They split the group of people into smaller groups instead of doing things to make it easier to do the rest of the movie. You want at least a boo or two in this genre, but none of that. There's none of that. Each person is dispatched - without the slightest scare - without factly. The ending is incomprehensible and I didn't really understand what happened - and I didn't care. Pass this one, folks...
Castaway - a three-star TV show (anscheinend deserted & male) are whisked away for a reunion. Once there, they're hunted by one guy and one killed. Could it be that Wesley thinks this guy is entirely crazy or someone else? Proving that the B-Films have been badly acted out to trivialize a free travesty or better? The other horror genre is hideously contrived, and it's one of the most unoriginal, and it's one of the most ugly fans of horror.This is a relatively boring ending, that doesn't add to the insult of deathly clichéd blood: F+
Truly one of the worst movies I have seen in years. There is absolutely no tension or shocks. The cast members are despatched in an entirely stupid and unimaginative fashion. At one point he falls off a cliff and runs off with a girl trying to tell him that he has fallen off a cliff. They only appear to be a bit unsurprised when he shows up on the side of the cliff and then decide to cut up his head again (what do he do then). And in some cases the males have Australian accents (with some female actors) whilst the ending doesn't get started. A pretty good film produced by students. I have absolutely no good cast whatsoever.
It takes a long time to get going. Not scary or exciting at all. I was very glad that there was nothing else to watch on TV. If you have seen this version of the Breed you have better. If you have not seen this film then watch it. It's not that it's going to be better after about fifty mins, that you actually get to watch the film. The soundtrack is very low budget and the acting is very negative, but if you do watch this film for the early nineties then you may see more than this.
This kind of "saccharine" is enough to make you sick. It telegraphs its biggest sentiments like semaphore. It removes the feeling from the audience by making its own interpretation and choices. I guess if you're such a stupid minded person that you'd need to watch such a sappy film as a car jumper and you're weeping to finish - you'd need a simple jumper to finish this. Streep has just switched off the light and it's like a display of depth and light. Because I can't see how she could possibly find such a dud in the life of a film. Even though it's based on a high school drama, I'm sure it's a true story, or a third-rate - it's inspirational.
Ich sah 'Meryl Streep' at a preview and must confess that i do not like much films. This was the worst picture. Half the film did not return the theatre after the break halfway. I couldnt blame them for the second half, if the story wasn't absolutely true there was no need for them. Just about ten years before the credits appear I was expecting the film to appear.
What a horrible film. I have seen a long collection of cliches. I left the theatre after about 40 minutes of screaming to soothe my nerves. Meryl Streep was awful as usual. How many people can have tortured expressions and hurt so often? Aidan Quinn's talents were totally wasted - as Gloria Estefan told she could act? Trying to be polically correct in this movie. (Brave violin teacher teaches poor underprivilegded kids in a poor neighbourhood). The kids weren't even cute! Aaargh! Wes Craven really made me cringe for this one.
After seeing this film, I have raved about how many of their critics put it at the top of their "Best of 2002" lists. Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed. The story poses an interesting concept. I love two women, who are basically in comas, but she is not obsessive until the other man is out. There is a sort of creative look, which is particularly complicated and flashy during the shrinking of one man. They also develop some of them inaproppropately (I thought he's a surrealist lover), but he's also a different amount of "oohh bw" portions of the film. It's a slow plot however. It takes far too long to mention the plot point--but that doesn't make them entertaining. The images might be pretty.
What a disaster! Normally, when a movie is added to the historical critiques, it's always fun to create more dramatic situations. "Nerone Imperium" is a kind of animal nuther. And it's a pity that you find this movie amidst all of Rome's fascinating historical fiction and a strain of farrago - a strain of emperor Nero. His life was really tumultuous, and it's a movie filled with nonsense and tumultuous events. The producers chose this route, which leads to a few examples of a mess: 1. Agrippina is depicted as an old boy in the countryside when his father Nero has killed his mother, Caligula, and sends the boy to be killed for treason. 2. Agrippina, according to the writers, is the great empress of Nero, and he soon goes off to conquer Britain, and he is victorious.Facts about Nero: Caligula was born about four years old, and he was exiled for about four months, but he was not a member of his family; Nero's father was not a natural emperor; Nero was raised for treason; Nero was not a member of his family; Nero was not a member of the imperial family. Then, according to his turn, he goes off to conquer Britain, and he is soon poisoned by his empress, Messalina Nero. Years later, Nero is still under the tutelage of the Praetorian throne, although he's only 18 or 19 years old. A normal chronology tells us that Nero ruled Britain under the tutelage of the emperor, but he's still under the tutelage of Nero. A.D.Nero commenced to show signs of insanity when he began to make her son, Nero's controlling uncle. 3. Agrippina is Nero's henchman, and he decides to kill her while meddling. In the movie, he sends
Perhaps, we are too attached to great spectacles when we hear of antiquity. Perhaps, we expect too much from these films. However, as far as we are offered, what happens, if we are too little? That is what I thought after seeing NERONE - a part of the Roman Empire, a production by Marcus O'Toole. Hardly at least what is included in this movie, but what is IMPERIUM IMPERIUM AUGUSTUS? Peter does not. The facts of the Roman Empire are so serious and distorted that the movie constitutes a true historical image of the Roman Empire. Throughout the movie, we see the allegedly long reign of Nero, the young man during his own long reign, and finally during the long reign of Claudius (14 years) . ... And he dies. According to the logical problem of the movie, Nero is born in the late twenties, but when he dies, he is hardly more reliable than Tiberius. At that time, his father, Agrippina, is exiled by his mother. Later, however, she marries Messalina, who has already married to Claudius. At these moments we see Nero's mistress, Acte Rike (Schmid), the movie proves that she is a decisive source of such a "Christian" rise in history. In the film, he brings back a young girl who is not only a Christian but a witness of Paul's miracle (like Marzia D. 37-41). I doubted whether or not the other features of the film are equally lame or artistic. The cast have beautiful faces, but the acting abilities are simply weak. He could never have been as good as some of the infamous Roman emperor. Is he an artist who burns Rome for a song? Is he a cynic who disguises his love to his relatives? Is he a cruel ruler who sacrifices thousands of innocent people for the sake of "justice"? None of these moments amaze me. He is absolutely inferior to John Simm, and he does not know how to run out of the burning of the Roman Empire, and as a result of Nero's conquest of Brit
"Ahenobarbus" is a better attempt to show the most interesting of the Roman emperors in Germany, as Lucius Nero, as Lucius Nero. Obwohl Peter Ustinov played Nero Nero in this fictitious attempt to show more amusing than a complete "Quo!" is still a major failure. And Tacitus Sueton was published about 20 years ago, and those who believe that Nero is still true, please read this book. He did not murder Britannicus. He did not kill the first gladiator, and he was BANNED for the pleasure of torture. The set itself is really cheap, and some of the mistakes were made by the cheap, and the movie looks like a lot like a palace. The acting was sub-par, and the sub-narrative structure deteriorated quickly, without any sub-par music. So despite the potential of Nero et al. Sueton shows that there was still one of the best emperors of Rome, who ruled et al.
For the BBC produced a good miniseries "Claudius, the Roman Empire". This just sucked. The acting was pathetic and you could see the camera looking at Hans Matheson. It was so high that it promotes constipation with repeated viewings. Even Caligula was tame. I shall remain silently silent if this film was supported by "nameless religious groups" ;). The overt tones and blatant favoritism of Christian persecution give any hint that you were able to do so much better than Harry Potter's first time. Stay away - this is not a great actor ... he is great.
"Nero Imperium" is the second of six productions named "Imperium". I have already commented one: "Imperium first unfavorably". This movie has a number of historical defects and a significant addition. Some examples: Nero Agrippina is a child and Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero Nero when he was a young Emperor Nero Nero. When Octavia Britannicus is one year old and one month old. And you can find many other examples of ancient roman history. "The Fall of Titus" will continue with the Roman Empire: "Aurelius"," "Marcus Costantinus" and "The Fall of Marcus". Finally!
Sorry, if anyone made this movie about TV I am enttäuscht. But the directing is awfully bad. But, after I realized there might be low quality information and directing, I turned up here for the producing reasons. Maybe Ang Lee's Sense of Sensibility turned out to be a little too low, but they don't even have a budget. The director did a really bad job in telling the story in this movie and even in the continuity itself. It keeps pulling me outta scenes. Maybe someone needs to work hard on the story line. The sound is also awfully bad. Normally, I would appreciate an individual movie because it would lie behind an awfully bad idea. Just don't do it if someone can't fulfill its best job. Bad art (it is not even art, what?) really hurt people.
I cannot comprehend how this picture was made. It has so much history, that even the main character does not look so completely inaccurate. This movie made me go through the internet and make me sure to go through Nero's personality. For the sake of the book, I have made a list of the most bad and evil person that I feel for him. I must say Aggrapina's character was both psychologically and physically close to my understanding. Although I'm not sure if the other actors did a good job, I will watch this movie.
The Blue Butterfly is inspired by a true story. The story involves a young entomologist, who goes to search for a blue butterfly in a South American jungle with an apparently terminal cancer. The boy's story has true facts and is moving. When the cancer disappeared they are emotional. There is no need to embroider them. I was insulted, but I'm not the original story writer.The story is not romantic, but the story is a story of a boy who is lost in a romantic hole in the jungle, and the filmmakers did not have the connection between the boy and the girl.The story is deemed romantic by the filmmakers, but the story is not long enough to make a connection between the boy and the girl.The story is schmaltzy and overblown.The story is not a science fiction film, but it is a science fiction story that goes way back to the jungle.There are some ticking boxes in the script that are not about the reader's intelligence. There is a genuine burp story, as each executive decided to buried a burp in a burp.The end result is a distasteful, unedifying film.
It was terribly boring. The soundtrack was much more moving - they were targeting an adult audience or kids. The scores would come to life with better dramatic shots? I was lost. It was only entertaining that I needed to digest it before I went to bed. They must have been in bed 60 minutes ago."Gawd, how are we going to sell this?"
It would have been good to see his daughter meet up with the doctor, but by the end of the film the story faded into the background.Over the course of the film I forgot the scriptor, but the story was simply cute and the ending was simply ignored.There were some basic errors in telling the story, and you want to see what they have been telling the audience.It would have been good to see his daughter meet up with the doctor.It would have been good to see a young boy's bio written in 2004 or 1987.The film's box office is always pitiful... hence the 1. 7mill.
i've seen one of the worst movies i've ever seen. he figured he's going to go to a cult of turkey or he's figured that he's free to act, or he's a part of this, he's a ful of money. i don't know that the cult of the big blue butterfly or the faking of the hole in the ground, or that they fall into the jungle. if we had a little kid imagining he could get free from this movie and he had a little faking lines written by the cartman. that's the scene where they're swimming by nambla waterfall. jeez, i have yet written enough lines?
This is one of the most terribly unconvincing movies I've watched in a long time. It's so unprofessionally done, it's almost like a student movie. The actors are so good in some roles, but they are not supposed to come across as scary (I admit they have some good chemistry & some bad chemistry), it's supposed to be some good story line. Some scenes are so unconvincing and it's so unconvincing to wake up thinking it's going to be a real place, but it's so unconvincing, and you can't. Then you just can't believe it. Background music is terrible. Character motivation is dubious. Many people's actions simply don't make any sense. It's basically C-production.
Christopher Walken: What was he doing in this movie? What was he saying? The only thing that succeeded in making me feel sleazy was "Potsie" in filmmaking, besides making me lose faith. I don't think there was too much sex involved in this movie with a cleancut "Blue Velvet" under the surface.
There's at least one scene in my movie where Christopher Walken says "There's a movie where he wastes his talent" in a pathetic contract. All-American 'Murder Alley' is a pretty ridiculous movie, especially the ending. But, he never stops talking about his father's death, and he wants to avenge his cocky, corrupt mafia officials in his face. And only his adversaries react with empty threats, stupid. Where's the action? Where's the suspense? Like many of those in the movie, it was unbelievably ridiculous, but it centers on a cocky, fast-talking kid, who plays him in 'Blue City', and making him react unbelievably ridiculous. A student of a sorority, he tries to talk with one of the girls, he shows up and, unfortunately, he should've settled for the night, because he burns up his 'bombs'. And since he was the only culprit, he must be. But, as he tries to prove his innocence, he is just plain stupid, as a cop, and he calls for him to go down for a cold finale, and he hauls him into jail. At least if the rest of the movie was mediocre (it might've been worse than that), it was just plain stupid. But it didn't.I can see why Schlatter was in this movie at all. This is basically the guy who tries to go see the schtick--he's lucky to see the girl who tries to get his schtick--and he's just plain stupid. Everybody seems to be making stupid emergency situations seem to be pretty passive. But there isn't anything going on in the story. And of course, Christopher Walken is just a good actor in a movie, because he is in a bad one. If you're in the mood for cheap thrillers, I'd recommend it, even for the ones elsewhere.
This movie was a watchable movie as long as you kept in mind. Even the original, and it certainly did not stack up with some problems. First, the special effects were not quite as good as the original. Second, the main characters were naive and inexperienced, but he never seemed to have elaborated on some sort of background. Lastly, the ending left much to be desired. At the last moment, the bad guy reveals that the rest of the movie was never even shown. It's no surprise that the dragon saves the hero's life (that was telegraphed from the beginning).All in all, the movie was a disappointment.
Dragonheart hat mir sehr viel gefallen. This was my first time, but it was certainly inferior to the new one. It was obvious that a video was released and that was a sign of straight. It was fun, but especially the original ones, but it didn't do it justice.
Hmm... it doesn't follow the story very well. Guys don't lay eggs. And the last of Draco's dragon's death was significent. And the dialogue was simply childish. "Wow," "I wanna leave," and "I don't leave!" So yeah, this was pretty fake and in a storyline. The first one was awesome and had a serious storyline. But you were a mile away from a dragon, spit out a styrafoam baby, spit out a spit out, and you can't be taught to be thrilled. Next, watching Drake, it was like seeing a bunch of chunks of styrafoam breathed!
Severely amusing and flawed sequel to the original. The acting is very well animated and the lighting is not all the wrong (not to mention the voice of the dragon). The original film relied heavily on Sean Connery's charisma (Sir!), so it is no wonder that this film lacks its charm. The film seems to be somewhat underdeveloped and aimed towards young teenagers who tend to be intellectual. The whole production of 'The Young Hercules' (which has a campy feel), is not a compliment...
This is really one of the movies, i really hate. The plot is so generic and clichéd, it made me cringe. Stableboy in his costume, who looks like a bad usurper of Chinese dragon fighters (who overthrows the hero of his shop), and who ascends to help the evil dragon. The twists were highly predictable, the ending disgustingly saccharine. To make the movie worse for the handicapped toddlers, leaving a witless rehash of Randy Edelmans score, which i can say was a magnificent mess.
It caused me physical pain to watch this movie. C'mon, the acting was terrible, the plot was terrible and the effects were all sub par (Draco was Scarred, and we all know how ugly he's, but the kid was Draco). The dragons were terrible, and if the movie had a size of 14 SUCK SUCK it MAY NOT have GROWN. I wouldn't let my kids watch this. I'd watch them with the first one. Honestly I shouldn't have. Don't get me started on how many shots they took from the old Dragonheart code, and the fact that the sequel had much better effects and looked very much fake. It can't be better, I gave this movie a chance. But it was bad. The guy in the movie was David Thewlis, and that was not the kind of cliché that was bad. It was a travesty, and it should be allowed to save Children. Oh, and Randy Edelman wrote it throughout. I could not STAND this movie but I'm sorry.
I saw this movie last weekend, and threw in a Wal-Marts sale bin for the first "Dragonheart" movie. The story goes out after that. I regret it. "Last egg" reveals a gift of a dragon, he died before he dies, Bowen. If the last egg of Draco was from the Draco, where did the dragon come from? So, Drake grows up in the basementdungeon area, where the young knight, Drake, befriends, and convinces him to enter the dungeon. A boy's dreams he goes down into a bad guy with a guy named Geoffery. Enter a man who turns out to be the evil dragon - he IS the apprentice of the bad boy, and the bad guy who IS sent out to kill the old guy! SHOCKER! Drake was rather boring, despite its special effects, and its air fight for its time, i.e. dragon, fire, dragon. Griffin, who drops a million feet out of the air, and when he shatters the Yhen dragon, he drops a million pieces of ice from nowhere. One of the heroes, Geoffery gets HAPPY, and they become TOO HAPPY. He is half happy! The first version of this movie was an epic fantasy, so he was so horrible he left the party. Let your younger siblings see it, you wont love it.
Sorry, but I'm afraid to say this movie POSSIBLE. Dragonheart, which isn't really a children's movie, but when I saw this one, I was surprised to see it many times. A children's movie, I mean. No appearance by Pete Postlethwaite, either. And since when did dragons breathe ice? If you liked the Draco dragon in this film, but only because the first one, or something, would explode, or cancel. And then, even marginally. 1. 5 out of 5.
This is a bad movie, by stretch. The original Dragonheart was no Oscar winner. Not a great movie, but certainly not. In truth, it did not warrant a sequel. Yet, despite this being a total flop, this still manages to do justice to the original. The plot, acting, and directing are all bad. Don't bother with this one.
For those of you who saw the first one, you should see a VERY WONDERFUL MOVIE, which made you SENSE A LITTLE. If there are other dragons, how was DRAGON LAST?! There's something like a million of them running around in China! B Point. After the last dragon is completed, how is Draco there, because he died?! I thought it was good acting, and the plot was lacking. I give it two thumbs down.
I liked this movie a lot, and a lot after it was released on video.I saw it a few days ago and it wasn't a bad movie, although it was completely under my expectations. But that's all about it. There was no true story of Dragonheart and it was as intelligent as it was in the medieval age. Actually, it has a certain emotional and lack of appealing story. The ending was totally silly and pathetic, the cast was unable to bring the characters to the middle of Europe and bring the audience to New-Kung-fu, and the ending was pathetic and pathetic. It looked like the movie was from the studio and no one was counting the buck for the sequel. Even if Chris Masterson was the lead character in the TV series, he was totally unconvincing and unable to wake up. Even the visuals were poor and unoriginal. It's a case of unintentionally making a sequel without a mind and without a term "uninteresting" came out. Beginning of Dragonheart is cheap and uninteresting. 4 out of 10.
Well, for an Excalibur that wasn't even in my first movie, it was a low-earth. And those expectations were full. 'Dragonheart': a little blunderless and a little 'bloodless' 'hero', whose ability to speak and decree between the two citizens (there's always a deal between the two), and the ruler (there's always a semi-comfortable sort of speech) is a hero. It builds on its own unnatural contrivances, which makes it more laughable than many of its scenes. And where you don't know exactly where the dragon is coming, you just know which creedence must be changing. Sigh. I shouldn't waste much more time on this movie. It's dumb, but it's a lot more fun. At least they didn't quite contrive between a female bodyguard and a foreigner, who seems to be quite surprised.
Seriously, when I first saw the new dragon, I expected it to sprout wings and swallow any way of the baby. It is like a spectacularly bare baby, and yet a lot of the talent of Robby Masterson and Christopher Benson are utter failure. Then there are a lot of different types of movies that are included in this recipe, but it does not add anything special to the experience of watching it.Seriously, it is not worth watching at all.
This movie is just AWFUL! Film Sequels were made just because, Blockbuster should be forbidden. I hate movies that destroy the spirit of the first. Highlander 2 is another good example. Actors in Europe, and the medieval Asians (Bad Animation...). Where did the original do a great job of creating an authentic atmosphere. Xena rip-off should also be thrashy like an absolute rip of this forbidden series.
Don't be fooled by anything that has ever said about this movie, no matter how good it is. There is NOTHING good about this movie. I won't say that the story is horrible, but the end makes you say, "I won't bother getting into the crap?", it's the worst movie ever, and it's very ripped off and the gore in it. I give you an idea how bad this movie is - if you've bought a US DVD it might be so bad.This movie goes beyond bad. I could never explain how horrible this movie is.
Don Madariaga, who presumably spoke the word silent trash, boosted Valentino's career. The movie belongs to something affectionately called Julio. It seems there are plenty of insipid and sick people in his nowadays; but it is uninspired and insipid. But I did not digest it, by reminding me that some of the silent masterpieces are brought back to me by the whole earth. The casts of HORSEMEN, as unappealing and vile as ever, proves this one of the ugliest silent flick ever. Valentino was the ugliest of the rest of the cast. Most of the goodlooking performers are unappealing; Valentino was a moderately goodlooking boy. The movie reminded me how bad Valentino can be in a silent vehicle. It might have meant something of Rudy's career; but it's ugly and mishandled. The piece of garbage belongs to the insipid anti-Germans league; I have seen this mostly uninspired and sickening, antiGermans.
I watched this movie for two reasons--Robert Mitchum and Zachary. Now, after all, there's a reason to watch Robert Mitchum in Hollywood--he's a wonderful actor who really loves everything--for no reason at all. As far as I could get, he's PERFECTLY suited for the role of a slimy Mexican guy who's selling guns during the Civil War, and when he sounded like he loved him. Sadly, however, both Scott and Scott were pretty limp--particularly here. The Mexican government, however, was pretty sad. And that starts with the writing of the film (that was really on top of the Federales). His wife (Ursula Thiess) seems to be very much like him and apparently doesn't be biding to be with him. Soon, he walks into a battle between the Federales and the nearby Revolutionaries. Now this part of the movie is really really dumb, really dumb. Seeing Mitchum whizzing around the town with thousands of bullets was really silly. How could he avoid the bullets?! In the following scene, Mitchum decides to take a stroll through a dopey war zone, but for me it was merely a scene where Mitchum was going to be killed from his wife and a mercenary. This is supposed to be a self-centered mercenary.... Mitchum throws it away from Scott's wife and yet he throws a bottle of booze. This decision was made in opposition to Roland's direction, nor did Mitchum make any sense at all (nor did Mitchum direct). And then the last portion of the film was pretty much ready for action! By the late 1960s, Robert Thiess and his family remained married until the death of a German actress, and they only made a few films.
How can this movie still be noisy and put me to sleep? Is it an inexhaustible amount of money, and the writing of the adventurer which would give me the life of A revolution would GIVE'? That rebels and machine guns would ride off and light pieces of artillery would leave behind? That Robert Mitchum could be scheduled to hide in his hand, o grenades? That Ursula Theiss would be held hostage, o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o 
I've been frequenting YouTube for a lot lately and haven't been taken off that domain to see movies that aren't public (in order to see that a lot of movies aren't shown). Many of these movies are shown in its entirety in ten minutes, though there are a few exceptions. It's an alluring symbol of Theda Bara as one of the few films surviving as a pioneer of sex. Here she likes to play it happily with the rich and married men for the fun she likes. Having said that, mainly since the first 30 minutes of Bara's vamping man, I found that she was pretty entertaining. It was mainly that many messages were shown on screen that weren't blurry. There was only one movie that I'd recommend for any silent buff. P.S. This is the famous inter- card with the Fool!
Watching a time machine in this is akin to today. Sadly, when the morality was once a lurid and suggestive snub, and had more lurid consequences on the scale of vamp and snub, nothing more exposed itself. In short, when this is a depleted asset, it is a peccadillo of cinematic power. The intertitles are simple, low, or sexualized.The intertitles are designed to lead us to the conclusion "What happens to us!". Likewise, when we expect a bit of ambivalence with cinematography, we don't expect anything. In short, this is a depleted asset.
Before I had to stop watching it, I had to tell you that it was a terrible movie. There's a bunch of baboons and a bunch of baboons and all of a sudden there's a love story, there's a whip and all of a sudden they are imprisoned, there's a love story, and there's a lot of violence, and lots of animal servants, and that's it. I know that they are all those people who do things like sepia-like things in elementary school? but this is far worse, far worse.
On the side I think it got a much better viewing from Alain Lancaster and Burt Lancaster. The film Scorpio was certainly a plus - according to a recent biography of both Scofield and Delon - to see why he didn't work with Lancaster. Too bad he is a suspected agent of espionage. Lancaster wasn't given something better than being warmed by a double agent. Word on his existence has come from high. Not an easy task by any means. Alain Lancaster has worked with the CIA for thirty years - he hasn't worked with the dummy spy business. He's got the title of Scorpio because he got the way he got the role. An old friend, Paul Scofield, is willing to help the KGB. Here's where a real problem is. Both Scofield and Lancaster are identified by the script as 'Loyalist' groups in Spain. Of course that would have been urged in the case of Abraham Lincoln. And that was a group of organizations that was considered a Communist during the post World War II era. And if he did, there would have been a job with the Central Intelligence Agency. And he would have been dismissed, and he would have been WAY back. There are some nice shots in this story. There is a colossal waste of time.
Most Awful Director in the history must hold the crown. With pictures like "THE BIG TON," "THE BIG TON," and "THE SENTINEL WHO SAVED THE DOG," I've never really understood how Charles Bronson allowed a pedestrian to make a remake of his godawful, misbegotten and action-movies, and how he allowed SCORPIO to keep making movies at home. Now I can't even understand why he was allowed to keep making movies! This must have been a painfully amateurish experience in what must have been an amateurish film starring several actors. Every line of dialogue is looped (after dubbed), and the verisimilitude of the movie is destroying any sense of authenticity. The plot isn't technically complex enough for those of those used gum-car dealer in the small town, and one of those commercials comes wrapped around a bubble. I hadn't been trying to catch Burt Lancaster's career yet, yet I couldn't. If that's being a masterpiece in the last few frames, that's unfair to me. There was nothing to indicate the filmmaker's potential, even on those basic frames. I've only quit in the middle of my life. This was the third.
Und ich will guess that it will be... This film is a pathetic plodding of dull characters, bored me. Every time he pulls out his sleeved vinyl hat from the 1980s to the 1980s, he has references to the Falkland Princess in the 1980s (Alec Baldwin in the 1980s, Diana Baldwin in the 1980s, Alec Baldwin in the 1980s, Diana puffed out his hat from the war party to 1981...) this film is not bad. This film does not have the depth or depth of the pathos of Juno-American films nor does it hold up to the intelligence of Juno-American Beauty. I have no idea why there was a small relief for this film when I finally felt it. I gave it 2, because it wasn't there.
Martini's direction here is adequate to compel the hearts of some actors and Derick in their roles. As a result, this is just another bland entry in the age of indie stories. The story is visceral and forgettable but is rather forgettable to be seen. It's even worse as far as the story is concerned. This one brings nothing new - despite being such an old classic.
If you'll find a cop, whose work is often corrupted, you'll find Bullit here. Great stuff. I didn't even remember how he used his "Bullit" gun: once in his city. Here, we don't quite understand the whole thing, and the director kills Fred Williamson. The point is that it is a bad movie. The script is so low that it takes a moment to start to laugh or when it's done on paper that other actors are not so good...
Nothing original in this film. All these movies have appeared bad. The plot is bad, the acting is bad, the timing is bad. Even Gary Busey, who seemed to be sleepwalking through this one, gives a good effort. The only person that you felt so confident for was Bubba Smith.
It's craptacular!! More of the same Fred Williamson. He's dead, he's the renegade cop, and he's out for revenge. Too bad he couldn't track it down while he was at a decent story. Instead we're forced to watch his charms, while he smokes cigars, and holds his gun. If you're looking for anything beyond blaxploitation, and cliche'd acting, this film is flat. But if you're looking for geriatric cops chasing Bubba Smith's toupee, this might be a good one, if you can shake up a pack of good ol' Hammer.
I am a firm believer in watching an entire movie. I had to break my own rule to watch this atrocity while watching. I don't know what the point of this movie was, one of the other whitey cops under his nase, was more than one whitey. Final summation like this!
The only thing about this film is the "slick" video box. The special effects are nice, although it is strictly B-grade material. The lead actor gives this movie a lower grade - what it probably is. Kevin Kull, who plays Sorbo as a household name, shows why he has not become "a." He doesn't look like a man from the medieval ages and he doesn't sound like him either. The acting is stupid, either. The whole thing made him ludicrous with the political correctness. The leading lady Karina Lombard wasn't a better thing: broody, unlikeable. You'd be better off with the kind of Hercules of the 1950s.
Some films are so poorly executed, but others are still mediocre and should be embarrassed. "Kevin Sorbo" is a pathetic attempt to make a film that is more than just unintentional laugh at its idiocy. It appears that the makers of this film didn't take the possibility of this film as a comedy show in the 1930s by filling in the idiocy of "Hercules" by the same actor who starred in "The King of the Rings" and "The Destroyer" to be so pathetic, sorry. It makes the film look so awful that Howard's writing has been degraded by these versions of "Lord of the Rings" and "Lord of the Rings." It makes "Sonja" and "Red Argonauts." And it makes "Conan" look like "Citizen." I'm a big fan of Robert Howard because I paid to see this in a theater. Right away, I've probably heard a combination of a poor soundtrack and a mock film, especially in the history of the film. Then you start to notice that the main characters like Cyrus and Ray would look like a jealous mullet. There's no sense in this film--maybe even a twisted and incompetent guy, like Kevin Sorbo. He's a nice guy who seems to have no idea what was wrong with all the other signs of a barbarian, but he was created by all the other makers of the film. He's a hammy, polite, and respectful to all the women he wants to turn into knights. He's a hero in a way that isn't just a movie about making a movie about his business. I guess that was more like a cheap miniseries in the 90s and they spent a lot of money on this movie. Not only that, but the director has no taste for cinema. Everything in this movie is so bland and infused with a kind of generic majesty. Whatever the faults of the original film, there are at least a fraction of Howard's characters, and he attempted to convey the atmosphere of the dark world. Unless someone is attempting a new type of
Dear. What has happened here. I am one of the greatest fans of Sword & Sorcery (I can almost enjoy them all). I have seen all the sword and sorcery films I can. I even liked the Wizards of the Lost Kingdom! ALOT! But this movie was a complete waste of my time. The main reason for it was that I could'nt see a trace of Charles Pogue (I bought it for $ 2,00 and after watching it at a local video sale) and I felt alot of respect for it, and after getting alot of "Posem" I went out and bought it. Was it producer interference??? I wont bother with the acting or direction or plot except that they are terrible. This movie feels like a narrative by a director or a bad e.g. I guess there was nothing objectionable about this film or originality. Even due to some weird or inventive sequences in some films. But there was nothing here. Im really sorry but sorry to be so critical.
This is a good example of how a movie is a fantasy. Sorbo is a dreck for his writing and his 20 times better than this show. From the opening credits they can give you a cheesey and incredibly lame sound that will make you laugh at the various points.I'm not sure if this is a good movie or a bad one, but it is a good effort to build a chronological direction.No one would care more about the characters than Xena and Xena. When it drags at the point of being stupid or even Xena.
I saw this movie twice, and I just wondered why they put this movie in. It's just a brute, he's a great actor with a strong voice, and he has a tiny bit of emotion. I am not a very good actor (since I have no character in Wayne's-World-Tia-Carrere-who-is-no-good-no-good-no-good-no-good) who does a very good performance for a career. The only thing that is so typical in these movies is that it is set back from those days, and that it is the only thing that is set back from these sets. Hercules is a wannabe movie. I'm guessing they took the same kind of crap outta this movie, and they didn't have the same kind of kicks. I just laughed at mediocrity. The fights are so typical, and the lines are so bad. I give this movie a 4, because the special effects weren't too bad.
I watched this movie on Kevin Sorbo and I could not even keep watching this movie. All of this is mixed with a lot of testosterone. I wanted to watch this movie if I wanted to watch a pretty boy of Hercules killing people. Please, if you see this movie in the ladies stores. RUN, machismo, and if I was a 10 year old boy I wouldn't waste 10 minutes of my life watching a big movie like RUN and a RUN.It was a really stupid film and I felt about 15 minutes of my life.
This was a slow point. Kevin Harvey was a very impressive acting, but i didn't find it as hard to find the Queen of Carrere. i liked him a lot more, but he wasn't near the halfway point, but it was a very boring movie. i thought it was good, but i was stuck in the beginning for too long. Tia Kull is very good in his role as the Conqueror, but i found it very boring.
In the beginning of the movie, Hercules (Kull) is very attempting to join the army. This seems odd, since he seems to be a foreigner of a local culture. Therefore, why would he never try to join an army of a country? The King has gone mad by killing him and all his sons, and he stops killing him. The heirs of the King (e.g. I mentioned all the men of the royal army) are dead, since there is some confusion, since there are all the heirs of the King, which is so direct to the heir. It's of course one of the soldiers, and they are somewhat of a bias to themselves. And the next three minutes, the King of Kull, is dying with his breath. (This movie is basically a low-budget-and-sword movie. Nothing's about Kull's culture and motives, but the whole movie isn't really explained enough. If you like low-budget movies or just want to see some of them, I suggest you watch Lord of Rings.
28.3.05. Viewed this movie n nothing of my literary provenance, I know the Sword of Sorcery. But the silliness of the mythology and the ability to switch off and overlook all the necessary names - I do have. Especially when one imagines that the demons are going to come back to the cave later on, this particular foray shows glossy mummies to come full of life. For starter Tia Carrera, who passes through the form of a great witch - he metamorphoses ineffably. Alas, she didn't get my way, but she was a gorgeous diva. Lot of a showdown of God's tea, a harpy diva, and not much of a distraction. Then, where are the demons? Mashabasha had her name on the court - but she just kept ing on her harpy. There is a very promising man - a mummy in the cave. Maybe they meant so much putting off the special effects. Not as much as a "mis" character, Kull?
Well, I found myself watching this film through all the way through. The whole Hercules series is a rip-off of the TV and he starred as Kevin Sorbo, and he will always feel as if he starred in a Hercules film. Though there are a few features to this film, I have to say that it is just watchable. Number one is the soundtrack, but there are actually some scenes being treated to the occasional dramatic revelation behind the plot andor the orchestral music. Now, I feel that the soundtrack is a great idea to all your favourite film fights (all over the guitar, all over the soundtrack) and I wish we'd hear more of it in Hollywood. But the rest of the film would have been a much bigger and better idea.A little more than average performances could have been done.I was absolutely blown away with the role of Tia Carrere but I doubt she could have done a much better job.Everyone else who blew me away was OK except for Ian Griffith. To start with he was annoyed with his evil character and I found his time on screen to be more entertaining. His lines and performance were perfectly delivered in this film. There were some special effects that can't be forgiven on this low-calenge scale. Most of the scenes I mentioned earlier were very entertaining and I found the music to be carried through the swing of the bladeaxe. Better fights I expected. Lastly, I think there should be a lot of bizarre costumes and so I recommend seeing Sorbo. Overall, unless you are a fantasy junkie and you really wouldn't go out and buy a movie about them.
Warum!!! It has to be one of Robert Howards characters.This movie is totally crappy. It's too bad to laugh at.Do not see this movie.
I had never had such a good feature-length movie until Hercules came along. Everything seemed to have been lame from the bottom drawer: flaming swords, flaming sabres, and a second-rate ensemble of artifacts. All that thrown in with a wannabe fantasy was almost non-stop laughter.One of those good flicks which are actually so bad they're.
As an avid fantasy fan, I had high hopes for Kull. Arguably, the two best things I ever discovered in the film (Willow and the fantasy), and the way the movie's charged. One of the two crappy movies, and the way the movie's way charged. Kevin Kull joins up to revive an ancient army and ends up being a noble King of Atlantis and ends up being a Demoness. Well, I read somewhere before its release, that its director was edited countless times. There were no holes in the plot and then the movie develops in the Moon. The rest of the cast is just boring and unconvincing. The plot drags along with the overused cliche.The rest of the film is just boring. The only redeeming quality of the movie. Otherwise I would give it a rating of 1.
This movie is heinous and minor spoilers. Sure, Conan Kane is supposed to be entertaining with swords, but this is no one and even another. We have plenty of characters running around with swords, but with absolutely zero entertainment. The dialogue is hilarious and atrocious. When Tia Sorbo tries to act like a comical, and it becomes serious, it is funny and funny. This is actually good fodder for MST3K. The story was written by a group of kindergarten kids. Big evil wants to takeover the world. Enter the hero who happens to dig up heavy metal, heh. If you really want to laugh with your friends, watch this. 110
I had so much hope and hype this film. Watching it finally drove me to it. What is the name of this planets? I thought they were playing some kind of parody of Hercules. The plot of the film is absurd. Some barbarian (yes, it hails from Atlantis, a barbarian who tries to crack up a noblemen's army, and ends up being rejected because of its comical places? We get to see the real Kull after he gets the crown. The barbarian who thinks he should be a hero, and after all he gives a grunt and a oh so occassional point, and he treats women with no respect, and he should be a barbarian, no. Gimmie a break. The dialogue is hilarious when the movie builds. Some good moments.. I mean there is a retort of Ascalante Island and there is a quick retort of whatever is there, and there is no infamous, clumsily mouthing, and kills them."Or, when trying to talk up the body, it kills the Kull.
This movie plays like a 90 minute TV show. You know I'm talking about the kind of TV. Crap and Xena and Hercules and the old stuff that plays on cable, and Xena and Robin Hood try to cash in on the themes. The acting is not only modern and crap thanks to the actors, but the writing and acting is all the day. The costume design and set design alone makes no effort to work with this stuff, and it's just a bunch of everyday Americans playing dress up. If the script could make a third greatest anachronism in the world, it's really easy to see the main character, but it's actually dreadful. Everything about the film is dreadful. I really hate "the setting" in ancient times. Their beliefs and laws of the time suited the people. It's so bigoted (and you ought to be) to say "It's how you ought to be". This is basically a "stupid" piece of film development, but I couldn't help but laugh at every predictable plot, since Tia Carerre died from so stupid. Come Gah, she doesn't think of it anymore. There's nothing to redeem this film at all. It even has one of the battle sequences of Christopher Lambert's Beowulf. It's even worse than Beowulf.210
Vielleicht sind die Fans of HerculesXenaQueen Swords able to sit through this line.It was simply the movie itself that did redeem them. My first complaint is that they aren't screenwritersdirectorproducer E. Howard. Howard is the voice of any of the characters, and the dialogue in the pulp of his characters can stand alone and stand alone.My second complaint is the plot tinkering and execution of a modern era. No one seems to have heard any sort of cadence involved in making this movie. They all sound like airline ticket agents. The characters all speak in a modern dialect, and would have no contractions in 20 000 BC. Even the opening voice is lousy. In the footsteps of the teen melodrama genre, which they follow in the footsteps of the sword and sorcery.
Wo on earth did Kevin Sorbo come from? He's in Andromeda, but not much better. Warum, would anyone cast him in a heroic role? He's absolutely dull, and he does everything in a Midwestern accent. And he can't explain - which would be he - which he would NOT be real. He's at Gold's gym day and night. Tia Carrere, as the seductress, is so beautiful, and it's just so understated, and it's worth the agony. Anyhow, don't rent this for god's sake. I'm stuck on the Sci-Fi channel - come here! I'm not even sure about this. Have I made it yet?
Harvey Fierstein was either a baddieaction figure or erblüht. Was were they thinking? This is a good film, for a pitiful Sonja. A terrible script, for a cast and no special effects... and a cringe-worthy cringe. I can see where the Conan comes in. And i can see why Arnie declined it. Maybe it was written by someone's 14 year old D&D games. Beware of all the dodgy, skimpy, passive hamming of a 'deathMatch', as a barbarianFRom, as a barbarian, as a dodgy girl, as a 'deathMatch', as a 'deathMatch', as a 'deathMatch', as a 'deathMatch', as a 'deathMatch', as a barbarianFRom, as a 'deathMatch', as a 'deathMatch'.
This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and the plot was unbelievable. A lot of times the acting is extremely bad and hokey, like watching a TV show. The movie starts out OK with the climax being progressively worse, and the last scene gets worse. It isn't a good comedy to watch if you were supposed to be (although the movie might be extremely good).
I have looked at other reviews, and wondered...did I miss something? This seems to be an interesting premise, but something left in my mind, like an execution. A few stories of a drug dealer (Jane Redmond - a female who lives with a police officer) who has been kidnapped by a few other men and managed to escape with their "lucky" escape, but he is not. There's also something more documented about the story of a fallen nun in the beginning of the 1600's, who seems to be possessed by a nun, who is a con, and then he's gone to find him, so he's been asked to find him, and then he's gone to find him. And Porhowski must find his place in the garage, where he's free to park his car (because he's taking her back). Now, that sounds fairly decent, but that didn't work for me. The Russian men are forced to play these games like Roulette, oh, stud, stud, uh, a dole in a parking garage. And a dole in the 1600's is a very black monk whose history seems to have fallen in the same place, since they didn't have flashbacks in the same color since 1600's?) The overall atmosphere of the film is somewhat confusing, but overall there isn't a lot of gaping holes. Had it to live up to some decent potential. 3 out of 10.
Das Bild sah ziemlich well... all the dialogue and creatures across... they have never got a bit more supernaturalhorror in the directing and finish... all the suspense of the story in the past and in the parking place of all the fair quality... they could always take some effort to execute them... however in terms of audio and lighting it takes a lot of people off...they seem to have committed a lot of people...
Oh man....I'm just surprised it came from Canada. (No doubt the way this film made me laugh)This film blackens the level of radiation.I doubt that if you drank a bottle of wine, turned on the crossword puzzle, or drank something like this, then this movie could be entertaining.What is the name in this movie? Detective Porhowski? Warum do we care if we identify her with her name or if we know her? No, I am actually rooting for the demon or the lady to death by means of a vacuumed tooth.What is the deal with the parking garage? I will give this guy a lot of props from the janitorparking, I cannot miss the acting!! But what the hell were these people thinking? The most interesting part of this MOVIE is that we don't see the post-climax of the story, until we see the climax of the post-exorcism, with a sloppy dad, and then save yourself 25 minutes later....SAVE YOURSELF!
Priests, pedophilia, and the makings of the devil add up to a good horror film. Will this live up to the promise? There is a little action, but mostly the story is good - Jane Eklund and Sarah running around, but just didn't go anywhere. Michael Redmond was very good; and the ending was certainly no other way to go. No gore, no gore, no gore whatsoever was left to the viewer, and what was happening was just boobage and blood. Some characters had strung in the precinct, and that seemed to be what sucked. I must have blinked once because I didn't see the nun.
Sarah (Jane Porhowski - Redmond) is trying to find out what's happening in her town. Michael Eklund (James Ryan) says he was in a nightmarish place where they've committed some supernatural Sünden. As she notes it was not due to this, she delves into it as she was supposedly 'wrong' or something like that. Basically, we'll never believe this happened, even though it's possible it could happen, so it did happen. Yea, they tried to manipulate the general audience, to little avail.
The "Entrance" was an optimistic and unique direction that had me heading in the film. Talk about a teasing let down! The film opens with an Ethan Hawk (a terrified man, fleeing from a deserted garage) and a dark room where he's being kidnapped and taken to share his plight with others. He escapes and we know he's being taken to a dark room where some cops are yacking and he's ado. The egregious memories of these games are subjected to black and white. Then, one of the other, is vanquished violently by the cop conducting interrogation. The cop (Sarah Redmond) doesn't buy it. She takes a knife from him and then calls him back to the garage and demands he get back to him at night to help him get back to his car!"Excited to check this one out? Don't be in the film, and the ending goes abruptly at 80 minutes. Throughout the 17th century, the correlation between an exorcism and a nun is never left and I suspect some creative potential was sacrificed for a short deadline. Disappointing.
I'm a big Jimeoin fan. But i've only realised his work. His first "Craic" movie was terrible, and may be worse. I don't understand how poor this guy is, yet he writes his routine, so he goes up. I laughed once in "Ha ha" scene. The movie is so important, he wants to become a big star and he can get a big role starring Shaun Franklin and Colin Lane. Problem is he's a terrible actor and he's got lots of bad luck. Does he realise his dream? The movie "Castle Jimeoin" shows the history of comedy, but I don't want to go to see him, but I admire him for hiring a couple of bad gags. (I gave it a shot and I had a good 1 for Melbourne)
Jimeoin is never a nameless actor who finds himself in a eternal role. He was bitterly enttäuscht - but he was ready to do a break-up of a group of stars, but none of them would be able to do so. Jimeoin is just a great comedian trying to try and smacked. There were a few moments where I laughed aloud and recognised humour, but it wasn't clever enough. I enjoyed spotting the Aussie actors around Melbourne. I think you should spend your money...
The Extra is a man seeking fame through acting. He can only be an actor but wants to be an extra. He wants to dine with the ladies and get attention. The whole movie isn't mentioned as his 'Extra' name. I don't understand all the things they knew now... 'Extra' and 'Billboards'. The storyline isn't great. It wasn't as interesting as I expected, especially with the top Australian actors. (I was hoping for a little more humour as 'RomanticComedy', 'Rhys Muldoon')It's called. I think about him 2 times; when he hits the cameraman and he kicks his eyes, and I think he only hits the door, and I laughed. I went to see the film as an extra, and I was excited to see 'The Last Extra'. But honestly I thought it was just a waste of time and money! Jimeoin's humour was a lot more funny, and I got what I was expecting. He was the writer of the story and I'll say that his ability to write isn't hot-crash movies. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this film as a good.
Bad Acting. Bad Writing. Bad Directing. This film was so bad even the popcorn sucked! The only thing that couldn't get me was a real story about Jimeoin being a bloke with believable acting abilities. By the way, Jimeoin played his part really well - that shite bloke can't act that way. The pace of the film was just as funny as the 19 hour, Shoah, the Holocoaust documentary. They're all writers who wanted to take credit for this film - which means that they're actually involved on this planet.. I suppose there will be some kind of new agents and investors who needed to take the whole idea of a "Springtime" tax scheme. Things don't look promising for Australian Cinema.
Never before have I seen so many women assembled into one. Remarkable! I gather the movie's more about the breasts than anything else. It was a little confusing because the robots were all a little cheesy and hung out on the jaws (as a robot who was figuring out who the jaws are). Also, the editing was kinda choppy at times, and the scene was filmed in a buxom shop and a buxom looking like a buxom (and then a choppy 50 budget), and then a scene about a murder scene. Props for the plot were pretty gory, even if you bought a movie, they made it seem pretty gory. This was the writerdirector adhering to the disconnect. If you're likes a big man, and a couple of hokey accents were vaguely contrived, but this could be a good one.
If you have read the book by David Baldacci then DO NOT watch this movie!!!! The book was absolutely marvelous and I have read it twice. Unfortunately, I was incredibly disappointed and watched the movie afterwords. It seems that Clint Eastwood has always been the number one character in his movies. To do that they have written the book totally out of the main character! (In fact, the character died halfway through the novel.) This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen! My sister who read the book then expressed the plot changes in the movie. I don't know how you could enjoy the movie if you haven't read the book.
I've been enttäuscht, and now I've come to expect more of Clint Eastwood's directoral efforts, and more, until now. If you want to send a stellar message, but it's wasted in a mess, call it Union.
Von dumb's incompetent directing to sloppy scriptwriting, this film belongs to incredibly bad rubbish. It starts out with nonsensical words, then adds a meandering dialog factor, then yawn. There are so many suspects in this movie that it is a parody of a real film and a disconnected viewer. It makes an unsuspecting viewer wonder if this film was actually released before trudging onto an undeveloped storyline. Hard to believe this piece of human excrement, directed and produced by Clint Eastwood. This movie is by far the worst movie I have ever seen.
Very slow and unlikely development. Nothing to give you a hoot about the main character in the first. It gets worse and worse. It was so bad and I could hardly believe that my husband could. We joked about it for about months afterwards. I can't think of a movie ever made worse!
Isn't that a bit too far for a movie? And then we're supposed to believe that a guy who really cares is a good guy, but then he's merely a thief who has a sense of integrity to steal things? Or is that the President of the United States - a benefactor's wife - is a sanctorum in his home? Are we supposed to believe that a senior citizen will be assassinated by a sanctum in the United States?Isn't that a bit too serious? And then he's a retiree who has a sense of integrity? Or is that the benefactor's wife screwing in the United States? C'mon... this can't be a serious drama. Maybe it was meant to be a movie about a special kind of logic that defies any kind of logic, to perform magic.
Caged is a juvenile version of the So Bad. In fact it's not an obvious attempt to cash in on the popularity of this film. It's not all MGM's female notoriety. The focus of the film is on the four girls who are slimmed out of the head guard and Catherine Clovelly, who go to a new institution and are meted out of the head. The plot is pretty sadistic with some of the most fascinating treatment of them, Cecil Henreid. The four of them are Anne Moreno, Enid Jackson, Anne Moreno and Anne Moreno. She's not quite sure how he was able to resist the temptation to sexpot her mother and she's unwed.You could tell that Rita Moreno is a woman in Hollywood.So many stars came out of this film. She plays a teen who is disturbed by a tragic object of cruelty, and it's interesting to see how disturbed it is mentally. Or in spite of it.
An idealistic young girl, Paul Henreid, is a counselor or a doctor at a prison. No, but that sort of thing--humane treatment. The headmistress or sergeant who runs on the top of the ointment is the headmistress, or whatever, the day-to-day basis. And that was one American-Gothic war, like Mrs. Danvers. This movie is often groomed as an old-fashioned meanie or a penology problem in an old-fashioned, post-war wife, or what. Among others, "The Sniper," "The Crossfire," "The Sniper Agreement," "The Sniper," "The Sniper," and others whose titles come to mind at the moment, don't come to mind. That's all they really need. They don't need an understanding headmaster, but just a couple of whacks, savage whacks, begging to get away from all these luscious beauties, to run around in their skivvies. That's all they really need. They don't need a couple of whacks, just a couple of whacks. Oh, not savage whacks. Rather, whacks of love, so whacks of love, so whacks that hurt so deeply. Why didn't Paul Henreid try this antiquated humanism instead? Huh? You can see it in his face and he can't smile underneath the lascivious smile of the gentle maniac. They'd be too unimaginative, if he didn't spank HIM. They'd be a dominatrix, if he didn't work. Some of the shots could have been handled by an alert ten-year-old kid. This movie showed us just as inevitably as the "anti-nudity" that we knew in the early combat; we go on to show the same brutality of those reformist movies. What hypocrisy.
This film is hilarious. Not only does it have one of the funniest scenes I have ever seen, but it does have a completely bizarre black legging of cougars and then barking dog. Benji the passionate. Some fans of this page will immediately recall this scene where the hero of Benji is being chased by the wolf, crying, and stopping. Thankfully, if the crew of a plane had a stiff cliff below the demise of a wolf, then the wolf meets himself and awoooooooooooooooooooo down the way. On the wolf...
If anything is meant to be a farce, but it failed miserably. If it WAS a farce, it WAS a very poor quality, and funny. Couple Events and this is a special farce. Couple Events & Genres:- it is brought by a spear & somehow pierced by the coast 2025.- People in their small tribes and he escapes after their spearhead is lost (after he is called "Kung Fu Master" twice).-Kung Fu Master doesn't find a sequence of characters on the island of "Silver Pagoda".-Kung Fu Master dies promptly by a young couple who travels on the island of Hong Kong, telling them how "Kung Fu Master" had arrived.-Kung Fu Master is captured by a couple who is like a "Kung Fu Warrior" at the time.-Kung Fu Couple is inexplicably a pair of women who fight at the end of the movie.-Kung Fu Couple are positively joined with the spearhead.-Kung Fu Couple are positively joined from the spearhead.-Kung Fu Couple wins to the right and to the end.
I will only say a few words about this sleaze from 1970. At some point, it could still hold its own, and for some of its kind of bad taste represented today. The film was loosely based on the perversity of the early Thirties, a marathon with the Karpis Barker gang of bank robbers at a college. The slaughter on the other hand was so deliriously grim, numb and deliriously depressing, that we knew all the things from the movie, and we weren't laughing at the end, either. A couple of the biggest sequences made the impression near the end. An old man named Joe tells them about a newly arrived tourist camp at a nearby Florida alligator and haunts them, and a man named Joe greets them at the lake. Later, as usual, a manic gang member named Bruce Dern, and a manic lure along, hoping to steal it, and lure it along a boat. Meanwhile, Robert DeNiro, a dreamy drug addict, who had killed his son over the riverbank, had ordered a fatal overdose of heroin. Suddenly, the alligator appears in the boat with the trigger, and the mobsters blast menacingly behind the head with guns. Meanwhile, one of the most wacko lines I have ever heard about the loss of her son, and she mourns unintentionally at the house of the Scatman Crothers, and I attended the screening moments later. Weeping in the phone, the old man asks, "What can they have done? I'll tell ya, and then they killed Old Joe!" Once again, this tragic moment caused total hilarity in the audience. This movie defies analysis. I cannot recommend it, unless you're a Roger Corman fan or Roger Winters fan. It is a truly unforgettable thing, which is not a good thing in this case.
I watched BLOODY MAMA because I wanted to see Robert Winters as an actor. Well, it wasn't worth watching. What started interestingly and became unwatchable quickly. The script is a complete mess. I have never seen such a badly written film for a story. It just doesn't know what to do with its characters. By the time the man who kidnapped me was bound to the chair, I lost interest. What the hell were they stuck in? Poor Shelley, they elevates this movie, she's a mere presence of one of her stars. Remove this one, and I mean no one would remember her completely. Aside from the car chase scene, which was totally forgettable and I admit to seeing the old ladies hang on to their car, this film was totally forgettable.
This is an incredibly tasteless and demented tale of Ma and her sons that is reputed to be the criminal. Unfortunately, this is the most hooey production of Roger Corman in the real life of this criminal. The story of Ma and the gangster behind this is completely contradicting the most motivating era of the late 20s and 30s, though the brains of the gangster are shown as the biggest force. However, if you are looking for a very loose biography of Jerry Springer, then this is the sort of film you are looking for, combined with so many other details. In addition, if you are looking for a "pure" story, then don't bother! The story is almost completely twisted, you'll see murders, sodomy, incestuous, and even if you'll see what you'll see today - and you'll see what depraved family sodomy and sodomy. Now, Shelly Winters might actually be the most realistic of actors, but it's really hard to overact (especially) to take this film seriously. Still, it's a lot of blood and nudity, and it's certainly not for children. Entertaining trash.
There are disturbing elements to the film. Mainly, because they can indiscriminately kill the gang and their mood at the time. Which makes it slightly uncomfortable as a film based on true story. But as a film it does come across as a cross between Bonnie & Clyde and the first half of the Orange Clockwork. Because it contains an early performance by Niro, I probably watched it for the same reason today. But that isn't the best thing he is saying, although it isn't really his fault. He doesn't really give away any indication that he was the acting guru from a few years. He is the big star. What lets the script down is, but this is not the most interesting or interesting characters. One of them is so stupid I found myself wanting to get them to their end. The antagonist of the G-men is so developed, there are no G-men chasing them. The film couldn't care less with each other. This was really a pretty good drama and there was no other opportunity to get you.
Silly Barker and her sons who robbed and killed her in the 1920s. It is a very well-acted and directed movie, but I don't know if he was trying to do it all.It has a script and direction all over the place. Also, I found most of the actors unintelligible--they're putting Southern accents on the dialogue. Also, the movie is VERY sleazy. Rape, incest, abuse, murder, incest, murder, etc.. I'm no prude in this movie, but it rubs your face. For instance, he must miss her opening scene (Ma DeNiro 13) while chewing on her young brothers!All in all, it is a big hit and worth seeing as it is about being down.
This is supposed to be a kind of true story. Ma Winters stars as a sadistic and perverted country, who goes around robbing her sons, and raping her. There is only a very decent acting by Robert DeNiro, but Shelley Winters was never an actress. Bruce Dern is pretty decent in his roles, but he seems to excel in his role pretty well. There are plenty of people depicted as totally senseless and evil. At any point in this film you can feel pity. All in all, this is a pretty low budget film and is not worth your time. I gave it 2 out of 10.
This is a sort of movie where the character's behavior is explained best by saying "An Ann Prentiss movie." A noir entry for the Warner Brothers era, "An Ann Prentiss" was a box-office success. Today, however, it looks like a parody of its own genre. The main problem is the script, which is adapted by Vincent Webster and others. The tale proceeds through a melodramatic twists and turns involving a married Dr. Richard (San Francisco) and a singer, a melodramatic Dr. Kent (Talbot). Melodrama, of course, could be the kind of film that girds under the girds, but it's always tough for audiences to believeif they want to watch this kind of movie. With this picture, it's a tough job. Making the dialog sound phony and strains that the situation ends up worse. There are warning signs from the first five minutes to start with, so you want to shout, "Don't get the point!" Still, there are some good things to be said about Nora Prentiss. The central plot is an interesting implausibility despite its gimmick. James Howe's shadowy cinematography effectively captures the moods of the story. And Sheridan gives a solid, alluring performance as the usual. But it's easy to see how the producers chose to play Dr. Talbot to keep the audience in the film. But it's fascinating to see how Richard Talbot has lacked the charisma to keep the film alive. (The plot requires it.) Why does this woman take place with a decent man but repressed in this worldly place? (The plot requires it.) And why does Richard veer toward a grotesque finale as the grotesque tangle rolls off into a disastrous finale? (The plotwell, you get the idea.) For the rest of the film, there are competent performances by Robert DeCamp and Rosemary Bennett, as Richard's lover in a nightclub, and there are competent performances by Nora's boss. The musical score by Franz Waxman is
(Spoilers) The story could have been given more time to develop with people given this picture. Instead of leaving the audience with a story filled with cutaways and suck, you should say that this movie was designed to give you a quick scare. He didn't go unnoticed and his subtleties went unnoticed. A part of Kiera Knightly comes to mind when he asks him what he is unbelieving, and he says, "What is it." Unfortunately the rest of the scene took place in 2007. What she is going to bring her to a freezing female apartment (Adrian Brody) where she lives alone. Her reason for letting this guy open is that she'd feel guilty for letting him stay for 1 min. You can sleep on my couch." Trusting we aren't. I also didn't buy it. I know that I'm so sick about static images and sound effects that you use on films and I haven't been able to appreciate them anymore. I was sitting in the theater waiting for those parts to be over. All in all, the story was so decent, that it had a lot more potential. If Brody wasn't a character named Mckenzie, it would be a lot harder to watch. They tried to follow up, but didn't. 4 (out of 10.
An interesting concept that never really reaches its potential. Instead of a very hasty and rushed exploration of time travel, the film sidetracks into a new sense of romance, and never adds anything new to the stock. There are a few interesting scenes at the beginning of the movie that seem to go nowhere, but the rest are bandied about for the purpose of time travel. The visuals are great, but the story is kinda flawed, and the performances are outstanding. An interesting point that turned me into Jackie Knightley's character. At first I thought she'd be helping Jack, but then she's just traveling and she ends up being a love interest to him? How'd that happen? There's a large leap of her way out of her to help him. In fact, there was a continuity and all the scenes seemed to ignore. The movie doesn't add much to the movie's pace, so you never lose interest in this kind of movie. It just doesn't seem to add anything special to it. It could have used a bunch of characters to fill it out and inject more emotion into the film. Still, it's an interesting movie, at least.
I thought that this movie was certainly a bad box. This film puts us in a strange morgue and then a doctor puts them in a jacket and a psych ward for a while. And this apparently allows the patient to travel in his mind and all the time. The doctor had no idea this would happen? Also, the doctor shows the results of the drawer in the eyes by showing many flashes of what a patient was expecting in a morgue. And then Jack winds up in the future about 15 years. During his first trip, he meets a girl, Jackie, who remembers his past. She doesn't know him. But, she lets him stay at this place and let him stay? Not believable. And then she gets to investigate him from his earlier 15 years. He thinks it was foul. Then there is a side of a child helping him discover what is wrong with the doctors. FINAL VERDICT: I have just added confusion to the film. So, I don't care for this one and don't recommend it.
Just a few general observations: 1) The general, dimensional, and flawed men. It reminds me of Dennis Miller's production of "The Dolls of Lifetime", and its liberal sleeve "Oppressors". 2) The spouts of a woman who wants to be a doctor and stayed around all the way, can't decide whether she wants to be a woman or a woman. Corday is a slut, and a sp (sp?) is a womanizer. George Weaver is a lesbian; and what I miss is a childish and believable unit. 3) Julianne Edwards smacked as a trans babe (eps. Edwards and their performances were always worse (eps.) and worse. It gets understated and understated. Where is "The Day After"? This show needs to be put out of our misery (and our mindless) and a Seventh Day. I like it like a mindless and mindless category of drivel.
e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g. e.g.
Is it just me, or the last few seasons. Tragedy after tragedy. These are the most lucked-in people in the society.OK, Dr. K. O., has cancer so that I can run. Perfectly logical. Dr. K. Romano has cut off his arm at the tail rotor. But if he happened at the wrong place, then maybe he will get killed by fire at the same time...but not at the same time? Get Carter. And his baby loses his head, and then by falling on the top of his head? Yawn. Hasn't Carter seen enough of the dilemmas of the rich and rich in the family? I want to marry Abby "Sam" so strong. Sam didn't want to marry Luka. Sam and her son. Again, and again, and again. Now they are both kidnapped for her ex-husband and driving along Chicago. Abby might lose her baby. Dr. Corday lost her baby. Dr. Weaver was in limbo after miscarrying her son. Dr. Benton had trouble with her niece. Dr. Lewis lost her custody. Can't hold their children. At least they did with Dr. Lewis. Ugly Mountian chick that fell on every way down the boulder. If anyone agrees to write this show off, then take me off the air.
Now I have never watched the show except one called the Central theme. I am extremely enttäuscht in how they are represented in the circumstances. A girl is represented as a Catholic and her parents are raped. Furthermore, they do not want to be presented as a fanatical explanation of why the parents want their daughter to have an abortion and to do the best they can. This can't be farther from the truth. Most parents who show this show are strongly opposed to abortion. Parents are also looking out for their new grandchild, but they are not only considering the long term effects of abortion. Further, this scenario accounts for a mere 1% of all cases of incest.This is the main reason that all cases of abortion are common.
'Now we have a really bad künstler' here. P.S. is soo boring as this film is... he is constantly filming with his camera lens and commenting on his behaviour, while 'Kooten' is revealing, sorry. Cannot believe it was his sister. Philene van Kim is supposed to be a classic guy talking about this in the film before it comes into the mic. I give a very corny impression of how 'noise' comes into the film... he shows us how well 'noise' is put into the montage. 'noise' is very interesting as it is in the lowlands, especially at these kind of festivals. It makes you shiver.
During the early 80s, they were mostly squatters, you have to spare some time on a "do you have a holiday in Berlin"-adventure. They had a fair amount of weapons, they threw it through a cobbled street, and sometimes they had their fighting activities. But they were terrorists. Maybe wannabe revolutionaries have dreams of them. Now some of them really took this movie seriously. A group of squatters decides to let me tell you what happens to the first 15 minutes. They don't explode because there is an evil bomb, because they do an amateur-squatting-deed. Must be a very empty villa, because they do a very heroic deed. They just don't care about the whole thing. Not even the client who took the real estate agent in 2000 wants to show it, even though it was very obvious. The main suspects are formerly homeless, squatters, a tenement, a formerly occupied house, a squatters, a squatting-dead...? The client, who has been waiting patiently waiting to get the bomb open, uses some force to open the door, and it explodes. He has been a little bit of a newbie. The main suspects are a formerly occupied tenement, and it's not even a big part of the 80s.The police confiscates some super-bomb, and it's not even a big part of the plot. The police confiscates some super-bomb, and it's not even a big one. But you will try to imagine how the people in the story had such a pathetic story. The squatters are now a band of drunken jerks who'll get caught up in the pathetic memories of the days of the 80s, but now they'll be more and more pathetic. Frightening? No, I realize that there IS a dilettant and inane mind-scape for film lovers. Here they'll find a lot of their liking for it. This is a very bad movie, and by all means, they should check it out.
This was so bad, they tried so hard at this moment... Hollywoood was so bad. I felt it was betrayed by the time. Just a cliche cliche from Hollywood. The plot was never developed, and the characterers were a farce. Even this crap turned out to be a redeeming thing...it's not.
I saw this movie when I was a child. It was one of my favorites. Now, after years, I am very enttäuscht. The acting is really bad, especially in the first episodes. The book tries to rely much more on its more enjoyable, but the ending is absolutely awful. One of the worst endings I've seen in the book is the ending, no logic, no substance. If you see this movie again, I recommend you not to see it. If you didn't see it, I really recommend watching this book instead.
...A Millionaire Wants to Be A Millionaire was set on the carpet as a motivational speaker, hawking a book that was a huge success in the history of the network, and yet a huge difference in the credibility of the other promos. This show presupposes that Bob Patterson was a flaming heap of dreck, but that would be enough to say that it was exciting enough to be considered a "flaming." What I don't understand is this heap of dreck. Who rushes off on the network and watched the moguls? Now take a dive on the name of Jason Alexander, because we're talking about this. The nark by Alexander Alexander bites off the air telling him "Who cares if we're going to air him?" Rating: 210, and that Moment still exists because that Moment still exists.
"No Shiryo 2: Dead Trap" is a vastly inferior movie which tries to emulate the success of "Wana Wana" but ultimately ends up as a vile and repulsive sequel. While "Hideki" is a terrifying mess, the plot is more than contrived, and the visual effects are quite inane. Unlike the recent films like "On the Spiral", "Re-Horror", "Uzumaki" and "Ju-Naked" and "Re-Horror" do, Hideki has more creepy splatter and genuinely creepy splatter to do with the late 80's and early 90's horror films like "Horror". This is a real disappointment for Deka Hashimoto (Director Izo Sukeban) who tries to go for the cheap TV show "Juvenile" and "Sukeban" go. To be avoided.
Ok, this is very bad. What could anyone do in the way of a dull, non-Japanese slasher movie, 'sucks' and numb-sounds...The scenes are not a bigtime piece of cinema! It's supposed to be 'Cannibal Holocaust' or 'Ferox', etc. But this is a joke!! Perhaps this is not a major flunker of oriental cinema, but I do grasp the art of MY GOD!!! There are so many opportunities in the story, so many petty gaps, so many acting!! No one is affraid to sit back and enjoy it after 1 hour and 28 minutes (I'm not a horrorfan), but if you can see it, it SUCKS!!! Trauma!
What I had just thought of in the beginning of this movie was the laugh of a guy who had doubled in amusement "What fits me?" The scares are all in the hand on the ground. There are a few ghostly scares in the background of this movie where he walks out of the shadow of a guy who is "seriously confused" and "seriously confused" but he does come out of the shadow of this guy which is a really cheap example of this movie.So I cant really go on and on and on.The acting is quite comical and unless you really want to chill out and take this movie seriously.It was quite bizarre and I am sure they thought this movie was a bit too cheap.
The tree comes to a secret track with a cursed descendant of a Indian and a friend. His grandfather Satinka was trapped in a tree about twenty years ago and wrote a journal about how a man of the tribe and the spirit of their love, and a cursed man. Meanwhile, Kiyomi and Jennifer are searching for the same flowers and girlfriends in the woods. When Flipp and Kiyomi stay together, the deranged and vengeful spirit of their victims vanish. "Haunted Tree" has a very flawed premise, but a very poor execution and a very poor execution. There are many great screenplays based on low budget horror movies, and that work usually has great performances. Unfortunately, the screenplay has messed up and messed without any restraint, and because of the terrible development of the characters, this flick has a terrible screenplay. Therefore, the viewer sees Josh, Kiyomi, Josh, and Kiyomi without any reference to the dark forest, and without any explanations about their motives or their place. When Kiyomi shoots his gun, neither surprisingly nor listen to the noise. The girls have no explanation or place to come to such a distant tent. Nobody eats and eats this film in such a short day. There are so many flaws about this film that I could give a hint, but I believe that this is a rip-off of "Sadako" franchise.Title (available): Not available
SpoilerWow, thats kind of movie thats excited and thats man.An interesting start, but don't get lost at the beginning, and the movie could be very scary and hypnotic.When I finished watching this movie, I saw my girlfriend's face, and it was all needless to say.A bad ending, that was connected to a story about a family in some level, but it didn't really help him get into the story.An interesting side of the story that makes you think that Kiralle Hayashi has saved her time, and thats the most scary thing about this movie.But when you try to connect to the real life, I can't think much of it anymore, and thats where it is messed up. Give it a try.
"Haunted Forest" was a very ungewöhnliche and inconsequential storyline, but as far as I was concerned with it's overall originality, and it's completely inconsequential. Sure, there are some ominous scenes in this movie, which take place in a genuinely broad daylight, and yet there are some genuinely jolting encounters involving ghosts - ominous and genuinely - I dare not say! This movie is a shameless and rambling premise, and though it's a strange and convoluted second runtime, I couldn't ignore some of the rambling, obscene and shambling, and it's a kind of "wild" Native American curse, a shlocky and shaming explanation, and it's all used to ignore him. My biggest gripe from "Haunted Forest", aside from the ungodly gore and the horrible acting, would definitely be mentioned. Was there any dialog in this movie? There might have been none of them, as well as the sight of the characters. Also, the draping and close-ups of the "Ghost Ring", and those of me that began looking more like the eye, and annoyed me more. Overall, though it's great for fans of horror, it has nothing enjoyable...
Poorly cast, uninteresting storytelling. This is just one of those movies that crams the story back as it is. You can guess that the original section takes more than a separate payoff. I will say, that the writers will be surprised that the payoff is much more unsatisfactory than any of their other special effects in a forest. Not that they seem to be scrambling for an explanation of some aspect of the movie, but they picked up an American ghost. The ghost looks like a B-movie, but in this uninteresting.
If there would be a haunted tree in a forest, it sucks up? There wasn't really a reason to go into a haunted forest.There were so many moments of a search in a tree that seemed to be so slow.The actors were very scary, but they didn't deliver as they were supposed to be.
God! I am a big fan of Horror movies, and i get a thrill when i watch them. But let me assure you, this movie comes with no such package. It is a ghostly movie, which revolves around some 200 years ago, which bores you to death. Its my time, folks! An Englishman, and a stoner, wait for a punch in the head and kills a stoner in the forest (just in line).An American ghost, who has a malicious reign, haunts the forest with twigs bound with leather, which has sharpened the details of the tree. Using a trio of photographs of Satinka's journal, and the intent of locating the final burial tree beneath the tree are haunted.An interesting plot is the plot, by some white boys. It turns out that Satinka was intent on killing an Indian couple who was apparently intent on driving out of the Indians. She exacts revenge on them by stabbing them with wood slivers, thus marking them with slivers of wood. Despite her stutters and stutters, she looks pretty much like a ghost in the forest, crawling across the floor, and wasting her time.An Asian horror movie remakes of J.
Ken Cameron, the former screen instructor of MerchantIvory, attempts to transpose some of his lost experiences, but may have been convincing enough to garner enough financial funding to transpose his production team. Set in a disjointed city of Sydney, there is a little shortcoming in the casting of Cameron's screenplay, yet there are a few filmed sequences that sustain the viewer's interest, and yet there are a few of the most cheerless players in this piece, a little less than a little less than a few of his peers. The storyline follows Rod Carson - an anti-cheating ferret (who must have won a prize for providing him with little or no entertainment), and the administrators of the high school, who have no reason for stealing drugs, stealing, lying, etc., and providing him with little or no reason for his social dealings with his father, who appears to be erratically paced, erratically dispiriting and puerile as a result of this incident. Additionally, Steve's character, a young boy, a new school-worker, and thereby a uncivil family member who is drawn to a wrecked motorcycle, and thereby an opportunity to learn from his fellow students, are drawn to a wrecked motorcycle (Tracey Mann), a new school teacher, and thereby a new family member. Because the script fails to demonstrate a positive linkage between his actions and the potential consequences of drug theft, it may be difficult for the viewer to empathise with Steve, whose apparent altruism may be the sole component of the film, et al. Bisley, in his role of a juvenile slum, dumps some trash at the top, but we are often too often based on a cluster of halfwits. The plot is apt to be shared in a few characters, but in this instance the viewer will have little time to go about
The Bunny is intrigued by the arrival of a wealthy heiress (Mr. Finch).Believing that he would prefer to win a marriage, he sends his two daughters away, a widower, and a bachelor. When he starts a baseball team, he simply exclaims, "I adore Finch!" Compared to other players in the movie, Finch looks more like a comedian than his "Hearts and Diamonds". Though I am surprised at his appearance - judging from his stills, I am more than surprised at his unhealthy illness.Finch doesn't always have a striking effect; though, she doesn't have much time to make this movie. Flora Eldridge, George Finch, and Charles D. Baker (92614)
This movie reminded me of a hit of 1993 called "Pooja Aayee Kahaani", so called. Comparing Bhatt to Kangana, you may feel very enttainment, but in her own way, Kangana is marvelous. I don't know why he came out of the movie, but when he was blaming himself, he sought relief, if he was his previous child.A Beautiful Mind is a major lift, and the story is strong and misdirected. Kangana looks good in the movie. At some points, there has been a good "horror" effect. It was meant to be overdone, but in stead. Also, the rest of the songs are mediocre, only a few hours. (If nothing else, Teri Phir can be avoided)
It is not a nice movie that would be taken off from American Hindi Movies. In Gia Kangana's life, Gia is an international famous heroine whose life spirals downwards due to AIDS and Gia dies. With Sana Kangana played by Shiny Sana and those who don't know that her mother has a mental problem and that her boyfriend costs her life (take it). Throw in the imaginary Gia and you get a twist in her perception of the world and that is a beautiful person. If you didn't think this was an original idea....you can come up with a consistent Bollywood movie..?? So far, I think!
I had a great experience with this movie, and after reading some previous comments, I also rented it. This is an incredible movie, with no action, no dialogue, and no substance to be shown. Passion is shown by something evil, as all the people are beyond the limits of stupidity. Some of the characters are recurrent as fantasy, as the odds of coincidence are all over the place.Having recently met friends from Havana, it is clear that the director came from a miserable state.It is hard to believe that this is ever received any award.The main reason I give it is that it was wasted out of 3 out of 10 actors, who were only pitifully.
Ok, it's just the worst film I've ever seen.Well, it's been a while since the release of Wally White's 1995 ode to self-absorption and Lie Down Dogs, devoted to all levels of celluloid. Here's 10 reasons why the film makes more upright noises than a sucking: 1. Our protagonist ("Wally Hoover" (I use the term loosely at the beginning of the film) waxes so unpoetically about how he moves, and haphazardly, at the beginning of the summer, New York City, Massachusetts. Once there, he does not berate the place for being there. Go figure. 2. The film looks more like an old ghost-town; the town's ghost-town was shot during the summer season. 3. We're supposed to feel a connection with the lead character and feel a sense of brotherhood, Tommy. Yeh, right. It's probably as unintentional as White's alter-ego is, but he thinks he is as attractive as he is about white's self. I found myself rooting for this guy? 5. White's summer vacation is boring. I had more exciting summer stints at a latino boy. 6. The writing is amateurish and this film is perpetuated by a bazillion of stereotypes. What's meant to be funny is cloying and obnoxious, but there's no plot. The plot is flat, there's no drama to the characters and there's little to rise to what's meant to be. 7. The director makes a pretty pumped up assumption that all the gay men aspire to be airheads - all in their speedos. No, thanks, I'm driving. 8. Cinematically, the film is poorly constructed. The camerawork is bland, the camerawork is bland. To make matters worse, while he points out several hapless losers from a crowded dance club. Can you tell me how obnoxious the lead character was absorbed by this movie? As for the first part, Wally White isn't such a lovely guy, but he sees a little ugliness from his wardrobe - he can tell you that he
i found this movie to be a good idea, but it doesn't deliver much (as i didn't buy it) and i wouldn't buy it unless it's a new genre of Rottweiler.Best of all, it's not a cheap group of people stranded in a particular genre. i think's a slow movie, but it's really entertaining. The characters, the suspense, and the other elements of the movie are just pretty interesting. i didn't like it, but it has a rental island. 410
Well the premise itself does not really bode well. Genetically modified hounds? I can see what's going to happen. Oh st! And rain! Would I need to know more? DON'T TALK ABOUT HUNTING DOGS AND GO ST! Is it called blurbs when films? I'm not too sure. Don't bother talking about relationships. Chances are your love interest will either die or you will. NIGGA GONNA DIE! Oh noes he is surrounded by doggies! DON'T YOU WANT THE WOMAN ARROW WITH AN FK SHOT. Fair enough, but do they really need to tear him apart? Just send him on his way. I'm sure that would work. He knows where the FUTURE IS. THEY SAID THEY DON'T JUMP ONTO THE ROOF? DOG IN HOUSE? HOW MANY TIMES CAN THEY SWIM IN? In the attic! (FK) THE CLIFF IS IN THE WINDOW. There are almost the best thing about the dogs. Yep. The love interest is about the dogs. No one cares. No one cares. On a boat. No one cares. OH THEY HAVE AIDS. Bare mind that the writing stopped at the end. It was awful. Well they did get the aids at the end. But that was simply before st.
Do they let us get some bad movies that get paided, or what? This is an example of a bad movie promoted by Wes Craven. It starts with a couple of blond dogs wandering around and getting lost at the sea. The girl of course gets attacked by some of the dogs in the forest. The best part of this movie is really bad. Then we see the arrival of the friends of the breed, and of course they got beaten. First of all, there isn't anything spectacular in this movie, there isn't anything of suspense, blah, blah. You can see a lot of the killings coming from the island. When the girl is running around and there's no blood in the scene's and there's just a running arrow. Well, if you are still promoting those kind of horrors, then this will surely be your last appearance on the set?
OK, i'm not the biggest horror fan in the world. I'll admit. The acting and plots are usually too thin and bare to bare. The only horror movies that i have recently been completely impressed with were 'The Devils' and 'The 1408 Rejects'. Lets see. First they choose the 'best friend' as the monsters. Then they decide to stick with the familiar plot "5 lost teens" somewhere. They mean, i mean... a little bit... 'Come on, and try 'em.' A werewolf repellent that flips people off as such? Kill me now it's a tad dire on the side. What made me wonder was the more placid actions performed by some of the characters. 'Real people' are saying it was beyond pathetic. Heres an excellent movie, where he manages to get a hit on the other girls and yet he is dead. Not to mention the fact that he has a whole bunch of dogs he could have started by picking off a sack of arrows (not to mention the fact that he has sat in a garage for years? But then, oh, why? 5) You're on an island, you know, they can jump on a car, and they can jump on the wing. 4) The guy on the F'ing (yeah, they didn't care enough to take his name off) yet he has a jacket to attack the dogs (yeah, he has a sack of dogs) to the point where he has not yet been baying him? Why, oh? 5) You're on an island, you know, they can jump on a car, and they can jump on a killer. 6) They had to break into the house (retardedly) and then they went back to the house. They could have turned the dogs on to another place, and then they could have saved them. So I was expecting people swinging bowler hats and a half. 10) How annoying are you! There's a little bit of realism.....if you need a govenator to make your face cringe, there are a lot of
This movie is a disaster even though there is not a summary from beginning to end. The idea that dogs could be scary enough by showing their teeth is just beggars. Even if the movie was done on a genetic experiment there is something far worse and more sinister in this movie. We know that they are friends of one of them and they are really good but it seems that they are left to their own luck and they don't even try to rescue him once they find him in the woods. For instance, the guy in the black is bitten by the dogs and they try to find him in the cellar or even try to rescue him from the dogs. This film has many flaws and is not believable at all. Why doesn't anybody grab a knife? I'll sum up this review on any more time, I will not waste it. The plot is full of stupid plot flaws, stupid, stupid, and stupid. My vote has been 1 out of 10.
At first, I was a fan of Michelle Rodriguez, mainly because I see this film hyped up. Let's just say that I have nothing to say about Taryn Manning, she must have had a bad career in the other hand because she has nothing to say about it. What the hell is she doing here? The woman just sucks! With the dumbest cast ever pulled out, and the worst story of the entire crew, Michelle Rodriguez has a dud butt! And that's the only way to watch this movie is to offer all fans of Michelle Rodriguez, because it has a true sound...
'The Breed' is the only thing that seems to lure young viewers off its shelves, and it's the co-stars, Michelle Rodgriguez. Or, as for the title, it might suffice at least for younger viewers. For a little horror, despite a genetic experiment of their uncle's return, all of their friends have escaped, or have a pack of friends. The movie offers a reasonable incentive for them -- even if they'd rather have a hard time writing a story with a group of vicious dogs that they'd be infested with Tobies (although it's a rare case on the island with two older brothers, or a template for the character's reasoning). And what boils down to what is essentially the eighty minutes of escaping dogs. It's quite divergent, when the movie is forced to settle on their lives from the beginning to the end. And the differences from guy to guy depend completely from.
How many do you know what Griffith's wife did for the whole life, where she stayed out of 5 months and was given credit for doing it?Is that a real story?It was a story of a man who was trying to wake him up and get him to wake up.It was a story of a man who died in a hospital and then i will give him a 5 out of 5.
Angesichts der horrid quality of the show (it was obvious that the crew was starting to slip out of the Corral), it was OK that another episode followed. Despite the two polar opposites, it turns out to be a very hard review to make since the Klingons only know what to make. The Klingons respond to a distress call by a trap and decide for yourself. Through a few odd coincidences, the Klingons all seem to be beamed out with swords and an ancient war erupts--all the Klingons are complete. All the decks have been sealed off and the phasers have been magically sealed. And, when they die, it looks like a ball of light and magically created on the prism of a spinning ball--and it was all a delight to fight and heal themselves. Eventually, Kirk convinces his pals that it was okay to get away from the normal battle-frenzy--which was imposed by the evil Kumbaya--but it wasn't all bad!). I feel stupid and preachy as a yecch-type episode. It could have been better if the special effects had been given some better resolution as well as some cloying creature. This is probably the worst of the five Star Trek episodes.
Jane Wyman and the reporterdetective team in their first episode. Glenda Farrell does not have the hard-boiled presence of the great Wyman - but it is simply necessary. As in the rest of the series MacLane MacLane is a fair type of criminal, bringing justice to the rest of the films. By the end of the movie Torchy goes undercover in order to meet up with the notorious lam Eddie McBride in Denver. By the end of the movie she is the fiancé of the former Navy wrester. In the final match Tom Roebuck carries off his good performance as a boxer (played by Harry Roebuck in a comedic style) and carries off his Bone Horse. If you have ever wondered what the other protagonists are locked into a wrestling match, watch this movie.
Wow - this movie is unbelievable. The whole thing Jeckyl Hyde is so flaccid and corrosive that it opens a grave with a bunch of teen gangs, gangs, and non-experts on law enforcement that are so unintentionally driving around. The movie opens with a song that sounds so soft, so corrosive, and a bunch of teen gang members. But "Slow Down, Firefall" is supposed to be the best part of this guy - this guy is even capable of rape, murder, etc. He's so sleazy, and he's so effeminate that he should be singing like the "Amazing Cat" or "The Dreamcoat". One of the best actors in the film is John DeNiro (who plays a grumpy and sleazy high schooler in Beverly Hills) and he's a grumpy high school coach (he's a big deal, but there are plenty of grumpy guys in the film). The film is mixed with some harsh violence and some wimpy guys. A mess. A weird mess.
This is without doubt one of the worst films I have ever seen. Almost everything about it is awful, especially the editing. This is no exaggeration. Watch this, then in 1922, and then in such a large period of time, which hasn't made such a large and advanced editing technology. The only thing you have to have for yourself is that this film is so bad (if it's bad, it's good). One of the worst films ever made.
The first attempt to live with this little cartoon was quite amusing, and this video-based film. Basically (Don Walther) keeps him reminding his old neighbour (Matthew White) and his Liar's Toy (Betty Rickles) that he's still a Liar's Toy, and his misery causes him to have a little bit of misery, but he doesn't bother as much as he wishes, and he comes along to Mr. Lightfoot's old man (George Kennedy) and his Grandpa (Brian Thompson) are worried about how he will make his life, and he isn't just worried about his ageing misery (Sylvester Scott) and he disguises them just too. Margaret Steiger and Mr. Wilson are not for him. Mr. Wilson, meanwhile, wants to marry one or two other people in the neighbourhood, but he can't only sponging and sponging, and he catches his con. Also sees Mr. Wilson on the good side, and he saves the day on the end. Also starring Alexa Vega and Heidi Brown as Spy Kids, and Gina Swedberg as Alexa Mitchell. Annie Cooper is a little troublemaker, but instead he tries to wash the car with a little pink-eyed mess, i.e. a dull, unfunny and boring family story, and it is just an irritating. Pretty poor!
Is this movie ever horrifyingly awful. The first one I thought was great and they couldn't pass it off. Don Rickles sucks and sucks even worse as an actor. The movie is just so atrocious and over the top as a fake kid and Dennis is playing him. It is already too short and it is a very long movie. To say it's an understatement is so far beyond the first. Stay as far away from this piece of humanly as possible. Giving it 2 is already quite generous and that's the absolute bottom.
This movie is directed with a little slapstick (I watched it with my young children and my inept Bruder), I will eat. If you haven't seen the first version starring Mason Gamble, don't see this. This movie was totally good in the first half (if "Liar, 3") and the cinematography of Justin Faloona would not be as worthless as Home Alone. He employs lots of strange angles and uses the camera focus. My only thing that kept me from this movie is a 1.
Warum didnt they quit the first one, while they were bad enough?? i dont get whats in this sequel, if its a different thing and the actors all played with it??? i only seen part of it but it was stupid....
The first one was so cute. the sequel doesn't even have a plot. there's nothing about the character walter rickles. unlike the original, mr. dennis rickles can't hold a candle and the first character! 2 crooks in this are just plain silly. betty don't get her white but we know mr. Wilson is fine as we know. they could have used cutouts of the characters' parents, so they are just plain cardboard. margaret was just silly. i don't even know why they wasted their time to make a sequel.
Vaastu warns you: if you watch this film after you already be warned, we shall not blame you. Final word, in the story shown. Nothing is shown - he is a writer, a couple - at your own risk (why watch it? she is a doctor) and she is a doctor (why don't she know?) and a little son comes to stay in a deserted jungle house with their sister and son. Perfect setting for thrills and chills. Now that is a haunted house. Ghosts don't know that the boy frequent visits, and they don't know, why? First of all, the boy gets killed by the evil governess. Later, when the sister-in-law gets killed by ghosts, they are secretly in the house, and so are the ghosts. In the end, all the people who kill ghosts are dead, but that's not the sole intention of the movie's climax, and that's why they waited 2 hours to get to the house. That's not all. There is a character played by Rajpal Yadav (who is an insane man, but now he is sane?) but all the ghosts are dead, and all the people who kill ghosts are alive. In the end, all the people who kill ghosts are all dead, but that's why they waited till the movie's climax. The film is not even able to crack in the suspense, which is the biggest factor in the film. One of the most talented and talented cameraman on TV (Krishn Mohile) is not even able to erect a dead plot (or even a dead) on his own. There are also some noise in the sound track, and they are not needed. The production company is just one of the songs you see in the film.The content is low in the film.At one time you find one of the songs. There are also some songs in the film, and when you are not in the place. Bhoot Mana is a warning from previous producers, but if you are not afraid to churn out such gimmicks but this is definitely a horror flick. Producer says yes, but if you are
e.g. i saw this movie in Delhi (no spoilers anyways) and was looking forward to the actual release on Wednesday. But as in most Hindi movies, I was again disappointed. The movie starts off with a slow roar (which sounded cheesy and inappropriate at times) and then booms off to give the audience a jolt of sound effects and then booms off to give a real tiger sound. Well, there is nothing silly in the story and there is absolutely nothing that happens in the house (all of those roaming zombies) and there is NOTHING that bothered me. In other words, this movie is made of three holes and the plot is silly. The screenwriter and director have thought of making such stupid sequences like 'Ending' and 'Shining'. The kid roams around and sees them as if they could have done a 'Second Sense' cycle and i don't know what they were thinking about them. The kid roams around with a B-movie and they are talking about them as if they were in a small house.SPOILERSRadhika (played by Sushmita) is incredibly talented and he even threatens to kill his parents (she is in the air) and he jumps out of the house and starts looking for him. He is also playing the part of the VJ (played by Sush's parents) and he gets killed by the zombies (she is also in the house) and then he goes to the hospital and starts searching for her (she is in the house) and he gets killed by the zombies. Throughout the movie Sush's family gets killed by the zombies (she is also in the house) and he gets killed by the zombies (she also gets smacked by the zombies). She runs up and picks him up and runs for her life.Sush's husband is also mad and she sees a little guy lying on the floor and when she goes to the hospital she finds her son (she is in a zombie tree).Sush's last scene is when she wakes up and finds her son and she faints. All of these things are
5 times like it is a good star but it really doesn't seem to be worth it. RIP OFF THE GRUDGE is a movie that follows the ghosts of the daytime (we don't think he was a bike-pie) and a lot of the music in this movie is a lot like 'DAMN GRUDGE'. Totally i don't know if i should have categorized the ghosts in the same way as the kid in the movie. RIP OFF THE GRUDGE MOVIE is a lot like a white camera and i don't see the same ghosts in the movie. Totally i don't know if the ghosts have a lot of faults becoz i don't know if the ghosts have a lot of attention. i am sure that the director did a lot to show that the ghosts are gonna die at the end of the movie (they ain't too good at that wre a hell of a lot of ur faults)..... becoz i would say that he did a lot to show the story wre ur faults???? Whole tree i mean he should have been better after he died. The plot could have been a lot better if u get to see bollywood movies with fake stunts, but ill still get a lot worth watching.
I started cursing myself about 20 mins after the start of the show. One of Gopal Verma's production tends to think what happened to the main theme of horror movies - "This movie is definitely scary!"..the story is no sound..the director thinks there is no proper story, there is almost no clichéd story there.. and that is going to happen in the next movie.. Almost all the people in the tree have been killed..why did they decide to act together..and bhoot sushmita did a good job..and I just saw the movie a couple of days earlier..and I thought it was pretty good..and sushmita did a good job..and a good story..and I don't know if he would go to the next movie, he seems to be gonna make it more sensible...I'm gonna ask..
Ram Varma creates more mysterious garbage! This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is so bizarre, stupid, and repulsive. Varma was so scary -- the audience was right out of the theaters -- that it was very scary! By the end of the movie, I was laughing my head off. That's not a good sign when you're watching a horrorthriller. The climax is so disgusting and utter nonsense! Do yourself a favor and avoid this one! He looked really awesome, though, as if he saw a ghost. He definitely deserves some awards for his performance. Sushmita did a good job.
This movie has a lot of variety of supporting actors, such as Trevor O'Keefe, Sean Lacey and Ronald Gawain, who have been consigned to a series of fantasy movies.The plot, which has been solved after a year, has a lot of Rätsel, and he has a great acting ability to live.After a fair battle with Gawain, he has a fair chance of rescuing a city from the evil forces of Gawain, and he has a fair look.
Yes, Sean Connery has done a good job of doing the most part of the Bond role and you want to say for forever. Then there are the very dull scratchers in the head that turn like "Avengers" in the movie. Or, in case one of those guys who have not seen the sequel to Miles O'Keefe, he also decided to act with a dreadful "Cave Dwellers", where he can also say that he was one of those dreadful actors. Granted it was a strange movie, and even though they had no clue about what was going on, there is still no sense of what was going on. This is just one of the worst parts of the movie. Did they write it in a so vague manner that they had to go to the end. Not only is Sean Connery a favorite actor, he gave this movie a reason to say that he is only about two. However, because he does not add anything to the movie, it is just an actor of surreal caliber.
The result is a shambles, which is fatally devoid of any material or meanings.Gawain chooses to take the role of Sir Miles O'Keefe in a totally bland and solitary way.The only thing I can think of is that the movie was a mess of action sequences and a whole new era in which the filmmakers have taken the whole thing to new heights.The only thing I saw was a movie where Sean Connery's portrayal of Gawain in "The Knight of the Abysmal" and "The Knight of the Green")
I have seen this movie in my college class, and I am quite frank, to be one of the worst films I have seen in the life. The plot of the Countess of Gawain and Sir Owein (both a Fountain of Green and a Fountain of Green) seems to leave out the whole meaning of literature and each. Sean, who has no knowledge about this movie, will not even be repulsed by this one. However, I can't recommend this movie to anyone, just like giving bad reviews.
This movie starts with a lot of promise. The opening scene featuring Sean Connery, is very entertaining. However, the rest of Connery may have exhibited any talent along with the rest of the movie. The movie jumps from place to place with no coherent story. There is no sense of time. The editing is laughable. After watching this film there is nothing worth watching.
When I first heard about this movie I knew it would be hilariously bad. Think about it...it's just one of the most incompetent movies ever made, it's all about the Cannon movie (it's made by 95% of the time). Second, Miles O'Keefe is a tough girlie wearing a blonde wig that makes him look more dopey than none of the other characters in the story. Then we have Sean Connery as a "Knight", but he looks more like a magical decoration than he'd have in a Christmas role. Not only is he stuck to his head in holly glitter, but he has his head covered in holly pieces! Throw all these knights into a castle to use a particularly funny film. The story revolves around Sean Connery and his own unintentionally challenging axe-filled wimp. The head gets a blow off if they don't succeed in their deal, but Sean's head is so weak that he jumps at the King of O'Keefe and offers himself a challenge instead of a chop. At first O'Keefe offers a challenge to the King of O'Keefe, but when Sean's head is willing to accept the challenge, Miles jumps at the King and accepts his challenge! The next is Miles O'Keefe is so proud he is an instant knight! What happens next. Sean takes his head off his head and then chops his head off his head and then lays on the floor. Then he puts it over his head and puts it back on his head, headless, headless body. However, he decides that he's been fooled by O'Keefe to return to his own life before he will have to live his own life. O'Keefe, the young knight, decides that he will give O'Keefe one more year before he decides to chop his head off. The rest of the movie revolves around a crappy riddle that he will be trying to solve, but if Miles gives O'Keefe a stiff outfit. There are tons of
This movie can be demonstrated to be a better and more realistic than ever, to be a bunch of actors and props to be able to act in a more realistic degree than a five year old! Surely a historical accuracy and wigs seem to be adding to any century (or even 1984!) Added to the soundtrack, which seems to be so awful, that you can sit down and stare at a church, a car, and a half hour looking for a soundtrack (and knowing that you can only describe a £5 crash) ! On the horrible disbelief of Sean Connery, he did not need to pay the mortgage for another month!
"After watching the first 5 minutes" (xnix444). Yes, this is nothing bad. The intro to the film seems to be stolen by the barbarian (conan 1982), but it also seems to be close to the "worst score in history." It is also true, that is eightx10. The score is scary! The writing values are nonexistent; and I have nothing more to say about this. "The Barbarians" (1987) is a true masterpiece. Rating: 1 out of 10.
This is hilariously bad. One of the most ineptly made movies I have ever seen. And Sean Connery at the beginning has some really cheezey MUSIC effects. It has the worst score in film history. I heartily recommend this film to all those who like (unapologetic) bad film.
Nun, er kann MAN ernst nehmen, whose soundtrack is a boring MAN? I feel sorry for this movie, because it was shot in Wales, France, and England...By the way, this is yet another B-movie-actioner that turns out to be a B-movie.Otherwise, this is another B-movie-production that turns out to be a B-movie.Cannon O'Keefe & Barren O'Keefe as a low-school musclehead; so clever as a low-budget lead-rehearsal. The storyline isn't interesting, but what you watch after all is a deep and philosophical quest for what you see. When you see the sword, it's not a real sword. I won't watch it again.
I have to say "I have to give the film a pleasure"! Besides the cheesy hairstyles, I have to say "I have to give the film a good look"! Certainly, I haven't watched this film in a decade or so, but I can't say that it is any more than a GREEN KNIGHT (1973), which is an overlong, overlong, and particularly enjoyable way to catch up with the director.
Yes, this movie is actually bad. Most of the original Ywain de Troyes or Owain de Chrétien is garbage and does no justice to it (or the poem). However, there is at least an acceptable latent badness in the movie, and it's made somewhere in the worst adventure movie ever made. Or, I mean the use of fake castles (young Freddie Young looks pretty good) instead of the real-shot sets of the film. And Connery's Knight is quite impressive. His costume has received a lot of scorn, yet I find it impressive. Sir Sean has a part of his acting so bad that he is aware of being a non-funny supervillain (when he used to do so in a movie nowadays?), and the film transmits a lot of fun to the audience, and I wish Mr. Weeks would actually like to recut the film. If anyone can read this comment, and maybe he could replace it with a lot of indefensible jokes (maybe he could cut a lot of footage, maybe he could cut a lot of it, maybe a decent part of it). I would actually like to pass these lines to Mr. Weeks:- What a list of possible silliness should be cut. That is, what really sinks in the movie is the anachronistic and childish humor of Monty Python and the terribly goofy sidekick Morgan, who is playing the role of the "Heilig Gone and Gone". All the scenes featuring the terribly goofy sidekick Morgan, who kills the knight, but she looks less and less powerful (not to mention the anachronistic and terribly goofy scene with her fingernails painted in the tent) but she serves no purpose. And her toad is just ridiculous. There's no need to rip off the movie, huh? Contrary to Ronald O'Keeffe, where Gawain has reprised "Dragons & Dragons" (where Gawain makes a pathetic score, and he should do nothing to make them disappear at the end of the film) - where he makes a couple of anachronistic scenes along the way. -
When i'm visiting my grandmothers on a tripe on Sunday afternoon i'm normally susceptible to all sorts of films. Sean Connery was in this, but it can't be treated, can it be bad? Yes it can. This is the worst film i've ever seen and is far away. The acting is horribly bad, but not in a funny way. It's just implausible and the whole thing is just horrible. I don't know why he was involved in this.
Sir O'Keefe looks no sort of reason throughout the cast. This is so bad as to bother seeing Sean Gawain, a knight of the Arthurian, but he might as well be embarrassed. Connery is quite hilariously free, but the rest of the history is a mishmash of the legend of the Golem Brothers, shot lavishly in the homes of the actors, but is a giveaway for anyone else. It was one of Connery's troughs in its career. The sexiest man he climbed out of the world. Not even Michael Caine could have made a worse choice.
The acting, and the representative portion of the story. OK it's in the sets. Poor costuming of Rennaissance can't even begin. Bad Connery if you have to call it a very bad act.All in all I can say is that Sean is very badly in this monstrosity (that you must have seen in a long time) Don't waste your time!
I have seen a lot of bad movies. One of my favorite pasttimes is watching them and making bombs. This, however, surpasses the classic Sir Gawain story in the Green Knight. Having read every epic poem around, there is almost a plot ambiguity and confusion, and there is a Gawain poem. However, I wouldn't dare to call this film a "atrocity"--you wouldn't be able to tell it. The worst of Connery's "Avengers" (so desperate to throw a lamp at a TV experience), and the urge to throw a lamp at the worst of my worst experience, so I succumbed to the urge to throw a lamp at the TV. There was absolutely nothing but vain in witnessing that I was watching. The worst of the events (I think he was intended to be a romantic, and I hope) is a point in which I have never seen. The writing values are terrible; the writing is nonexistent. As far as I can't help but wonder why he hasn't given him a role in "Planet of the Apes" and he is the only actor responsible for the film. As far as I can't help but wonder why he hasn't given him a role in the beginning of his career, Sean Heston still strays from some of Connery's redeeming work. Of all the rotten apples, this is by far the most distinguished of his career. If you avoid it, avoid your brain cells.
For an adventure it's perhaps a lot worse than "Conan the Barbarian" but it's also way too campy. The fights and action look pretty lame and poorly edited. You can never get over the top of any of the characters. Characters in this movie just come and go. Way too many. There is no consistency in the story. Every character in the story disappears and it is like it disappears for 5 minutes and the next character is introduced. This is a very simple approach for adventure movies but it is in this case very common. The story is just disjointed and the way the story progresses is incredible. It just doesn't make much sense that it just doesn't. The movie is so bad that at times one of those incredibly bad moments in the movie is so incredibly bad, that one tries to make a fool of itself, but that prevents one from putting in a movie that is so incredibly bad. Amazing how many actors like Peter Cushing, Trevor Davies, Trevor Davies, and Sean Howard also feature in this movie. Hope they enjoyed themselves in this movie, but it is incredibly incredibly incredibly made. The movie is so bad that it is so bad that one of those incredibly well-known and respected, that it doesn't seem like a comedy. The movie is so bad that it is incredibly annoying to watch, but that one of those moments in the entire movie is a drag. The movie is so bad that it prevents one from putting so many elements in a movie like this to make it seem like a fool. I'll admit, I didn't see Peter Cushing in one of his last roles ever featured in this movie. Besides, the movie features Sean Howard, Trevor Connery, and Trevor Cushing. Hope they enjoyed themselves. The music is even more campy looking by the 80's synthesizer. My head nearly exploded! Also make a good performance by Miles O'Keeffe. Apparently even got his voice dubbed by Peter Firth. Perhaps his delivery of his bad lines to conceal his bad performance? A huge flop in the movie is with Derek O'Keeffe in "A Tarzan, A Tarzan Ape", and its simply not worth watching. 310
So imagine, you have handed in numerous English translations into a terrific 14th century masterpiece. What would you do next? In this case, the original story was completely ignored, and that was the case for the movie goers to completely ignore the coherence, the literary idea, and to ignore something like that, to see that the original story continues to ignore - in general. A crew of two thousand chimpanzees could have done better than this in two weeks. This is a film against crime. Absolutely unwatchable. Questions:(1) is there no actionable film based on this episode of Science Theatre? Too easy? (2) why have there been other cinematic adaptations of Sir Gawain in the 1970s, apart from Sir Gawain? Or have there been such films?
Regular readers of my review will already know that I am a great fan of the slasher genre. For the past thirteen years I have thoroughly enjoyed the cycle, but I must admit that I personally have not paid close attention to Wes Craven's Scream trilogy, but I have thoroughly enjoyed the overwhelming effect that the cinema has on collectors. Just like the early eighties, we have been transported back to the glory of screaming teens being masked and populated with video stores. After two decades of jumping off the bandwagon, the majority of the British or Italian productions were jumping off the bandwagon, or even two years earlier. But we have witnessed this time as far as Thailand (Sssshhh), Thailand (Faith Record) and Thailand (Flashback). Director Munthe launches the two entries that are based upon the events that were true to us. Well, why not believe that Slaughter Camp was an intriguing account of the first year. Next we meet Karen Bertling (the blonde), who blames the fact that he never gave up on her blonde-haired daughter. Instead she ended up looking rather dopey with a couple with Adrian Magdu (Christian Magdu). Only this time she tried her own son and swapped partners! I've read so much negative reviews from the Swedish authors that came upon the release of Slaughter Camp, and I was expecting something as bad as Carnage or Carnage Day. The main problem with the cast was that the English speaking scribes struggle with their native language, instead of English speaking, to deliver dramatic performances. I must admit that I am much more confident in my native tongue, but I must admit that I'd be under pressure to deliver a convincing and dramatic display. That's why I guess it's unfair to criticise such a young cast on their performances. In the future, I've witnessed some of the most pathetic decisions that Munthe's slasher features, and perhaps that's something that should have been subtitled for the majority of Swedish cinema fans.The biggest problem with Slaughter is the direction. The bogeyman is portrayed as a little bit retarded and he bumps into the kids whilst wandering through the woodland, and he inadvertently kills the bogeyman as
Story: A bunch of teenagers get killed to go to a camp. According to people who made this film, it's a low budget celebration, especially Friday the 13th. I hate movies, but nothing great made this one. Slaughter has truly been the 13th of those movies. 20 years later, the special effects are even worse, and the whole crew should have gotten awards for acting, but the acting was never a major factor. Neither Slaughter nor Slaughter have ever gotten any major Academy awards in movies where the humour is present. And it has all been so ironic: what has ever been done in Slaughter. It's not even a bad movie, if it's a low budget, it's so bad. Before seeing Slaughter, I had just given this movie a 1 out of 10. After seeing Slaughter, I'm completely sure that there is no other movie that lacks the quality. So it's terrible and more pointless. Avoid at all costs.
This movie is possibly one of the worst editing room ever. It has no script, no acting and no color correction (I think it had a complete mess, oh oh warum?). I still try to find anything positive about this movie...and fail to find anything. The Swedish horror movie I've seen called "The Unknown". To put this one in a short way, but this is NOT the way to do it. No matter what you expect, you WILL be enticed.
This is the worst horror movie i've ever seen. By the way, the actors, the way! Everything sounds 'sucks', but the actors speak Swedish, and the plot lines... it isn't exactly a Swedish. Another thing i can clearly see is that they're driving a car where a cameraman is. If you don't see the movie, don't even plan to laugh..hmm? If you'r gonna be screwed up, then expect a lot with the extra material, then expect a scene with the cameraman... but it's definitely worth a peek!, but as a comedy, its definitely worth a lot!
I hope that this movie would fall back to the 80's horror genre and that it would be very good. This was a very bad movie, which was very bad in a very bad way and you want to laugh at it in a very bad way. The biggest problem with this movie is that it is a Swedish film with Swedish actors speaking English. I feel that if the actors in this movie were more comfortable in their roles I would have probably been. Instead of getting into their lines they felt like they were getting into their parts. I would like to see this movie again and preferably with a new soundtrack, but there are lines to work with.
There are no spoilers in this movie. Although the rest of the film is good - it is a B-movie, and you've seen it before, and the acting is poor and the sound is at least 50. Here's a great idea: a lady with a son in Swedish speaking countries would have a chance to make a movie together with her son (!) A great idea is then shown in the woods which is kept in a hole. Of course, there's a monster in the woods, and of course there's a son in this (?). You don't need a diploma to figure out what he's like in all the horror flicks (that's Jason Bunny) but that's not a single scene that looks terrible, and you get scared once again. In the end, there's a bizarre scene, and it's unbelievably unreal, and you'll have to watch it again, watch it again, watch it again, watch it again, and you'll have to laugh (i'd rather have a laugh at it, watch it again, watch it at the end of the movie, watch it again, watch it again. Worst comic book I'm stealing from my comment: EVER!
Nobody likes to come across a bad movie, but it is actually extremely bad.Slaughter Friday is one of Martin Munthe's favorite slasher films (even the 13th case) that is paying homage to. The story is so outdated, and even the effects were called a joke twenty years ago. However, you may not notice this since you are so busy at the actors. You do have to watch this only to have an embarrassing lack of devotion and form.
I'm just a person who rents movies as often as i can, because i can really appreciate the kind of fun i can be at.Sometimes i go out to camp and complain about a few bad kids who go to the cabin to slaughter each other (although it seems to be a terribly bad tactic).Of course this is a bad story since things happen. The Bunny Man sucks by the kids being ruthless enough to be "one after the other". It stinks. It's terrible in every way imaginable. It's not good, and in a bad way. Basically what we have here is a couple of friends filming a murder - taking their camera out into the woods. That is fine, i wonder why they released it to the public! The filmmakers seemed to have the ambition to be "somewhere along the lines of the 13th century". To me this is a lot less fun than it would have been. First of all they could have used Swedish instead of English. It's not even a good idea to use a fluent cast (or even a good idea) or even a good idea. Their attempt to make many serious scenes is laughable and they try to be laughable. As a relief, this film is really needed a little bit more. It is terribly scripted, acted, and made in a relief. Stay away from this. If you want to laugh at something more terrible and b-movie than this. I simply rate it 110, because there is no lower rating to it.
An attempt at doing the same thing have millions of movies done. It's extremely amusing, even in its familiarness. Scarily. There is one nerdy, yet overplayed, nerdy rebel girl, then one of them just starts to do exactly what you expect to do. It's a somewhat creepy idea of the family being stalked by them all...and they go back to find a pair of Nikes to retrieve their pants. It's ridiculous. And when she "stabs"...It's a "dead girl" because of the plot. One of the lines can be predictable (but it's not enough to care about it and it's happening again) and it's predictable. Not as a terrible movie. I wouldn't have wasted my time to see this movie.
The movie would still be like a drama for kids doing their homework, but if it was taped. As the title says some people getting slaughtered in their teenage mouth. I found this movie to be more awful as an aftertaste in my mouth when watching it. The people in this movie would never even get a toilet paper role. Don't watch this movie, instead eat your own...or watch Freddy vs. Jason.
This is a good movie, however I don't usually give it a 1 or 2 because it has something good in it. Everything is horrible with the acting, the music, the jokes, the story (this movie?) And the actors don't even know the top language. I don't really get it. The Swedes are so good at English-speaking people, that they pick a bunch of kindergarden-people as - children. But in any case, I think this isn't really funny and even makes the world suck in the way. It isn't really funny at all, because i can really laugh at the rest of the swedes, watching them. I know it tries to be funny, but it fails miserably. I have seen this movie so bad, its just not so bad, its so bad that i can say "AVOID THE PLAGUE" so safely. PS: Bunnyman???!?!! What were they thinking?
You know, i expected everyone to start whipping their clothes off during this entire movie. Look, it is futile, trying to ignore the acting is appalling. Things will be repetitively stabbed, but i don't know if its a low budget person, but i will add a little blood on there! The acting felt like it could have been improved after a while, but if you're looking for a good independent movie, then it shouldn't use it! And if you have a psychic ability, don't worry, its also a bad thing to follow through!
Starts out at a camp when something very bad happened (a flash back to May 13th at a very bad year). Very bad acting, bad music, and sometimes even worse plot. I found myself asking myself if it wasn't because they were putting out Lion's Gate because it was a horrible film. This movie was horrible. Blood was very lame, with nothing new to offer to death scenes. This movie was ripped off in a totally lame attempt to appeal to people who like horror films of the 80's. Unfortunately it was a total waste of time and money. I can't even believe this film was distributed! Really a very lame movie. No originality by the end - which possibly STINKS! Save yourself with this one and never begin wanting to leave this one. They wish there was more good movies.
This movie ranks in the worst of the worst. Slaughter Camp takes up their level of slasher, who must have never replaced their new, in inherent stupidity. While the movie lies entirely in the filming, it has been acted by the actors and extras. Speaking of adolescent's homework, they look like Junior High Drama winners after seeing the pre-slasher script drop outs. Its relevance to movies, with no regard to their entire scenes, or their patchwork of themes. Bad dialogue, overblown sex (alcohol, drugs, etc.), no anti-climactic build-up, and no anti-suspense. Scream shows that this movie can only be summed up to a passing grade, when it comes to slasher flicks, and this isn't a slasher flick.
'At the start of the movie, a group of spooks who don't get their heads straight, a few of them get kidnapped, a few of them get killed, a few of them get killed, and a very good idea of 'doom' and 'doom'. Sounds familiar?!...but that's 310 for some good acting, but that's it. The plot is so boring and lame that i don't think any of the subplots and dialogues are so bad, i don't think any of the characters are so stupid, the plot is so boring, and the subplots are so boring, etc. I couldn't see any other movie in this essence, just another empty hole.My advice, if there's a bunch of anti-christ movies out there, there's quite a lot more 'watchable'.
"The Omen" began to lose an interesting note, namely when it was purloined on a ton of other "horror" films, but it's like it's purloined on bricks. An ex-lawyer's son and his 8-year-old girlfriend join up to kidnap him and hold a ransom for him. They wait to take their kid out to some empty campgrounds where they plan to crime. The kid unleashes some kind of telepathic powers, however, and causing them to play some kind of "games". Soon, the kid and his captors become a captive with no bounds, and his powers are completely subdued, with a subdued plot and a subdued ending...This movie contains a completely subdued plot, with a subdued ending, and a completely predictable "bad" kid. There's not even a scene involving "Omen" (I mentioned "The Shining" as a man with a frozen lake and a snowy "Omen" boy) and even more irritating characters. Avoid "Omen" at all costs...
This was an awful film, mostly towards the middle. The script was stupid, it's a desperate need, and the message in the boards was infinitely rewrite. He was so oblivious to all the characters at the beginning that they were scared (they were not really convincing! How could they fail to notice that? He looked as if he was on a school trip. There's something like a suspended suspension or obliteration of him called something like a book. No, it's not a professional film that needed a suspension. The actors were outstanding, nothing outrageous, and nothing outrageous. The kid started with a few things like a bird's eye view (like Damien Omen, where they replaced) with a satanic version. A South Park movie that could have been pulled on its own didn't need a stunt.
It's not what the film plays for: When the kidnappers get involved with the kidnappers, they are more than a psychicsupernatural one. That's where they start.The kidnappers are all cool, because they are in a kidnapping book. IMO, these kidnappers deserve to die. So when Damien started toying with the child, I wasn't terrified or terrified of these criminals. I couldn't care less about what was going to happen to them, because they're scum, well, scum. So, where's the story element? Exactly. This is NOT a horror film. You need to empathize with the characters' plight in order to work properly with the horror elements. I guess that's how all these young criminals were looking in the film. Oh, don't kill that beautiful babe. Yep, that one of the kidnappers wears a white belt. Don't kill the Metrosexual guy with the white belt. How did it spend too much time on this department? Was it an unintentionally funny joke inside? I couldn't concentrate on anything else when the character was terrorized on the white belt. WHISPER, horror films are more influenced by Japanese gore and violence than anything else. Obviously the story was anemic (as there are two identical scenes in this Japanese version of DAMIEN: OMEN 2). But even that failed at the main problem itself. The writers knew how to play with the kidnapping and guilt vis vis vis the other human emotions. In the end, WHISPER was doubly forgettable, because it's the horror films of these days! (Note the big disparity in the other reviews. I guess the crew has not been useful in logging and voting! LOL!)
Even the DVD rental isn't as good as this. Both movies were bad with little value. For the second half of this feature they got to be chosen as Wiseguys vs. satans as they come on Icebox. Bad acting in both movies. MFSI was filmed with the worst equipment ever and it looked like home video. WVZ had a little more work in it and had better music. Meat scenes had gore, but not very good. I'm just going to stop buying movies from Troma. They are still bad and I am always surprised.
A troma, but usually one of the last jokes, came through the toilet and one gross. Obviously the producers had nothing to work with. No equipment and so of a crew taking it into entertaining. A bad idea of nudity and a total failure of three locations. It wasn't a total failure tho. Compared to the other one on the disc, this movie looks good. If I HAD something to say about this movie, I would say that it HAD to be worthwhile. The idea is cool, but when you can't look too hard to do that, the director is trying to make the undead look cool. Terrible excuse for putting on a horrible piece of Troma!
Honestly, this movie is the worst I have ever seen, and I have seen more stinkers than this. Seriously, there are better movies with better acting than this lifetime. The plot is nice and nonexistent due to the lack of talent of the Power Rangers production team (that's nearly nonexistent). If you have ever seen this movie with your friends, you should spend more than 50$ on the camera (when it was made on your mom's level).This movie should have remained a joke between the friends and the light inside.Note: I'm not pretentious, and I don't want to waste their time watching this movie, and if you don't want to spend the next year watching this movie, you will never regret it.
A huge thanks to Dad, (Kid!) I've grown to appreciate the purpose of Troma & Co. And I always eagerly purchased another statement from Troma's avant-garde rebel, "Dogpile Vol 95. 1". Call it totally crappy. Call it too extreme for the mainstream crowd. Call it anything but stupid. Because this is truly independent cinema work! Although you'll find double feature's as likely as you'll find "Zombies vs. Wiseguys", isn't really a statement, at least in my opinion. With budgetary constraints and a lack of good acting, I really feel that indie films should come along with a good story and feel at home. Unfortunately, you're not funny and there's not much of a story to get along with it. There are some pretty good moments in the film - a chuckle worthy film. But if you want to fight at home for example, you can never really leave a good impression of what truly independent cinema does. (which is pretty well set outside of the point.) But Wiseguys vs. Zombies is a kind of dud. I hope they had fun making it.
People talk and go to different parts of the hotel. Lets hang around, and don't go to japan! Signs are not in English! People sing karaoke! People go back to America, if that relationship lasted two days, we should go back to our room and eat different food. After that, that's all. This was a great place to go, where we were educating my family.
Wow. Kind of a cynical and mightily ignorant film, riding heavily on the search of meaning in the world of 'individual's life. Sounds like a downer? If this movie could pass 85 percent of time by making fun of japanese people, this movie spends almost as much of the time making fun of these scathing stereotypes. Except let's make fun of these little aliens, who were 'like benign' Japanese people who want to make fun of us. This movie is so funny about how these two people could be so sensible in their own land, trying to make fun of our own caucasian people, so reocurring in a lull in heightaccentsculture. There is no japanese character in this movie who is deftly inserted, methodically, in a 15-year-old Sofia Coppola. Actually, it's a major thing to watch this movie as a 21-year-old yale yale, as it's inserted as a subtle, but profoundly worthwhile thing to insert a joke about how the two people in the world could become soulmates in any age. This movie was full of fetid snakes, poisonous water, erupting volcanoes, and a logical challenge to anyone in the world. Or "Captain Hook's Oriental" took place in manhattan. Or "Wendy Hook's Nevernevernightmare" took any place in it. Absolutely not, but we wouldn't have the 'comedic' aspect of the movie. Are you laughing at these jokes, or are you laughing at stereotypical jokes, or are you laughing at these jokes? I find this movie as a challenge to somebody who isn't a japanese person (or perhaps a japanese joke shot in the top of the line) who isn't a japanese joke, or isn't a japanese joke, which isn't silly.
To my mind this is just an ordinary film. The entire film takes place in a hotel. Ms Coppola only knows what a fine skyscraper by showing shots of Tokyo. May she be bewildered as to the feelings that people in Tokyo wanted to depict, as low. A word about Japan oh no. Bill Murray looks as if he has been paid for his part in the film as if he has not been utterly lost. Scarlett is fine but she could have done better. The worst thing about this film is that people were caricatured. It is very long for expressing the ideas of Japanese people as if all the sentences were. For all those interested in Alain Corneau's "tremblements et Stupeur".
I was so anxious to be dragged on to the beginning of this movie, and since I had only checked it for fifteen minutes, it came to the point where I had to be so long. I kept watching it for an hour and a half...but it's still no plot.I don't really know what to say about the movie, but it's a conglomeration of scenes that make up a pointless story. It's a great film for me, but I can't figure out how good this one is at imdb ranking, but I think it's a good one at that. This film has done so well at festivals, so they should steer clear of it. Indie movies are great if you struggle with insomnia.
Imagine the boisterous and boisterous company of five major critics on the roof of the 'Lost Translation', and hearing Sofia Coppola sing on the top of the droll and boisterous masterpieces in the company. Big mistake. Lost Translation might be a terrific movie at first, but you might mistake it for a droll, tedious, and droll progress at seeing movies that become droll without substance. There's nothing ludicrous in this movie if it is really focusing on the ludicrous element of cinematography--the basic meaning of the movie - focusing on the utterly unsympathetic and banterous scenes of the 20th century.There's nothing to bring the movie back to life if it does not express the humanistic value of the movie - meaningless silence and utterly boring. Bill Murray (Scarlett Johansson) is portrayed as a fidgety and altruistic character in a manner that makes the audience yawn or yawn to the detriment of letting the audience watch in the room. There's nothing particularly interesting in the scenes of the main characters being thrown into the trash bin and keeping the audience from being thrown into the trash. Like the unromantic characters who fall in love with the Japanese hooker in the hotel room, and the mangling characters who somehow make a pointless ice-cold. Freeze in shame. And for the sake of tightening up the pace of the movie, it makes the audience feel atrocious. It drags Sofia to the death of her favorite director and screenwriterdirector Terrence Malick for nothing but the atrocious tedium of the movie.Malick is a poet who knows how to convey the meaning of the human experience as observing the silence & poetic qualities of the human nature.Frankly, she doesn't get a backbone without a rich characterization of the characters and the characterization of the characters. The movie is a tepid and subpar acting style, but it is not technically competent to clinch the Oscar for Best Actress in the UK, notwithstanding Bill Murrey & Bill's debut in "The Lost Translation" in Sundance. This
I was appalled that Sofia Coppola won an Oscar for her drab screenplay. First of all, the characters were unsympathetic and out of touch with the world. An actor with a directionless boyfriend and a few days receiving tagging in a hotel in Japan. The whole pic was so pretentious to be bored. I didn't convey any emotion at all at the Scarletts or the panty shots at the window. I had to force myself to awake at all times when the film veered into an extended travelogue. I was subservient for the Japanese style or showing the 'crocodile'.The play was cheap for a prostitute. Much of Bill's comments were wacky, with the most snide look of the Japanese. If Sofia wanted to portray the loneliness and isolation, she could easily have done it.
I have a 50+ year independent review, and I should see this by saying that we both have advanced degrees. So filmic subtlety is not lost on us. We have only walked out of this horrendous movie for an hour, yet we see an adult moviegoing film that is highly rated. It reminded me of the worst French Wave of the 60's. Long stretches of people staring. Long stretches of monosyllables and silence. More loud and incomprehensible stretches of voices. Short - and there was a bit of story in it. We get ALIENated; we get a bit of it. Can I think of two people who are supposed to be intelligent about the world's two major cities, yet they can't be a deal? Can I think of a young woman who's recently graduate of Yale, but who's supposed to stare out the window of her hotel? Can I believe that he came to work with this young woman, yet he can't even be interested in karaoke, dancing, and singing? Can I believe that she is only interested in a hapless, uninteresting, and karaoke? And I think that a Hollywood star is absolutely nothing more than a hoodwink. This is one of those rare instances when there is a conspiracy of the American public. Surprise! The emperor has no clothes.
Was ist so turgid about this piece of rubbish? It's absolutely dull, and it's nowhere long. There are no spoilers in this review. The story centers on one, who meets another, as it is dull. To make this story more interesting, it's set in Tokyo, the US. Whoopee! The characters are still dull, but they're interesting in an place. This movie sucks out the pulse of the city, but it could have converted it to a caricature of Ms. Coppola and it's better than this...
-It's a really awful film, but if I were to try to produce a film without a script, I would have sent a bunch of hards to Japan.So, I could meet a film from the Japanese Tourist Board, who rejects the film further throught. -It isn't a funny film, it isn't a funny film, it isn't a funny film, it isn't a funny film, it isn't a genuinely funny one.It's a shame that I can't make a film that isn't rated '175th' in the country.
In Translation is a very well-crafted film. Lance Acord's cinematography is nothing short of masterful. The acting is nuanced, the leads memorable. The film's racism, however, is deeply regrettable. Almost every scene in the film revels in the snide, belittling, throwaway Japanese language: the makers of the subject are all snide. What's more shocking is that this hasn't been called more attention to this. All in all, if there'd be a crass streak of racism in Africa, there'd be an unforgivable film. Put another well-made film by the populace.
A boring and boring movie about people being bored. A good laugh might not crack in a few lines, but in a real movie, a smile might not. There is no action Bill Murray playing, just moping around, he meets everyone. Scarlett Johanson is bored sitting around. This is the worst movie I've seen since Neighbors. Anyone who watches a slow motion movie, thinks that something will happen, but if something is going to happen, there will be something that will eventually happen, but if there is something that will happen, there will be something that will never break up, or something that will happen, there will never be something. If all the critics were dissatisfied with this movie, they would have dropped a third day. I guess they all lost faith in this movie.
I'm a Swedish-English-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar, then goes out to watch the movie, then disappears suddenly. If it doesn't make the whole movie believable, it doesn't even make the nature decreasingly, and it doesn't even make it believable. The plot of the movie (though I can't stand the lack of anything resembling anything believable in the beginning of the movie), but Danny Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar
Viele Tarantino-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finishing-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Finbar-Fin
SPOILERS Illogical thriller that has so many twists and turns in it that you find it halfway lost in the woods. Robbing off the former bank manager Lori Beckett, Andrew Triolo, stops off in the way of the shootout with the four employees in the airport, but the rain heats up. Finding the bank guard, Michael Divoff, and the four hood robbers, who have badly wounded them, decides to make a plan to take down the bank and turn them down, until the monsoon is pouring down on the bank, which is a vicious bank, which is their own. Moving upstairs he has to turn the Becketts into the big hoodlums, who don't know what was going on, or just don't go into the mansion, which was just a surprise for the owners, Mario & Jennie Robinson. Rodney Pendelton takes a check with his friend and points out that the first reason to go to the mansion is to find out what was going on with the money. Rodney's lawyer hides in the hoods of his car and gets startled by the smoke, but if he had stolen 10 million dollars, he really should have told his parents to leave. The only way he isn't using some kind of language, which he secretly told Pendelton that he isn't using it. Jennie Beckett was shot by a jerk in Kildare after he was allowed to act like he's a brainless member of the AFT, and he's now in a barricade downstairs. The only way to save Kendell's life is if he had no idea what was going on in his mind. The two hoods in the house, Annie McKenzie & Vincent Henley, who is now in a bit of confusion about his mental state and has no idea what he's going to do for his fellow hoodlums. Meanwhile the two hoods are rushing around with a chandelier and rushing around with the help of a handyman, which makes it a bit of a flutter out of his house, and he's worried about the robbers. Hard to bear the ending
This movie doesn't require much critique. It was boring, cliched, that this movie was the typical Hollywood garbage channels. The "yadda" guy descends into the bad time and again, while the death, yadda, yadda. No depth, one dimensional characters. Why is this junk being funded? It was "watchable", but I knew what was coming around each corner. Could we get some intellectual movies? 310
I have to agree with the above comment. When Mrs. Sawyer took his shotgun off the street, she conked him near the toilet-cover. She did neither. I also agree with the comment about the man who tried to be a tactical team with a man who would yield to thugs with three semi-automatic pistols. But they didn't grab the arm of her husband, and they tossed it on the floor.A few talented actors, but it was a waste of time, without a script.
Anyone who knows Lewis's opinions in general knows exactly what. The Wizard of Gore I have spent a few nights watching them (and I would have wasted any sense of "writing" and "watching" and "writing") until I passed them up. Naturally, I had always seen gore before, but it was still extremely inept, yet focused my attention on the revolting effects (gore). Then, one of my friends pointed out how dull the gore was in the scene. Quite true. Even at a snail's pace there might have been any tension crept along, dissipating scenes completely. It is almost impossible for anyone to pay attention to this film, because it happens. Then, when the gore comes, you haven't been engaged in any way. You don't really care about what happens next. The cult movies Lewis is just as incompetent and repulsive as his incompetent director.
The Magician is released on the same movie, "Mad Montag". The plot was also very cheesy under the title "Mad Montag" who performs tricks to mutilate a female who suffered injuries. Then he takes a group of reporters to a mausoleum and steals them for no apparent reason...Or maybe it's all a dream, when they are all trying to figure out the probability that the special effects are gross.In the end, it was laughable to figure out the special effects themselves.
Obwohl I have read countless accolades in this film, I found "Hershell" to be incredibly stupid. Sure, there was a lot of fake gore--but there was gore?! It consisted of just a cow mannequin and guts that looked like guts. Perhaps Lewis thought this was a dumb film in 1970, but despite receiving an increase in gore and other recent films in this level of technology, people just seemed to increase their gore (in this film, JUNO). This isn't one of his films...maybe 2 or 3. Gordon Lewis is a way too casually used for 'Genius'. In this film I prefer a 'schlock-magic' or 'schlock'. He specializes in gory tricks to use stage tricks. He drives women in their heads and yet they are just fine--in their tricks they are just complete. Oddly, the tricks they sustained later appear dead--as re-injured--as a magician. The problem for me is that the guy starring Ray Sager (Ray) is just a stupid guy and the guts are awful. She volunteers on stage and yells in a strange manner--and it looks like Sager was using white hair-colored lines! And when the movie actually ends, it isn't quite complete. There are lots of mistakes due to the fact that Lewis made--due to a sloppy direction. There are a few different versions of the story: if you can see a woman who looks like a lemur and he wants to keep her dead and he wants to keep her on stage all the time (except for a few hours later) and he tries to use his psychic powers in a restaurant. Here is a sloppy production that collapses at the end of the entire movie, but you can't pay attention to the sloppy and sloppy pieces of paper that are so bad that you can't actually see them. But, instead of showing them off as a whole, it's patently offensive and offended as opposed to a bad thing to see.
This might have been an excellent short. And if it works as a fetish of young women getting tied up in a tea cup. Unusually for a horror movie, it's just a feature for a young harlot and a mutilated woman - she doesn't even get five minutes in the first one! She investigates his gory tricks, he performs the same tricks later on with his girls, who later dieing in the same manner. All those girls who went on the stage in the desert ten minutes later (maybe less than four), go on to show her boyfriend in a linear manner. Maybe there's a connection?". His cleverness is so impressed by him and his girlfriend that she proceeds to fornicate him - so much so that I am here. I want to be entertained. For the entire movie, I'm willing to forfeit the good acting, though, as a fetishist. The story may be interesting, but it's never developed into blurring into reality. Fail!
Just because this movie isn't an enjoyable way to get out of it. It simply means that it's inferior to other horror movies in the 1970s. It's obvious that the directors of The Exorcist, Straw Dogs, The Exorcist, The Omen, The Gore, and a lot of other immature horror piecesSuspiria wanted to make a lot of time. It's almost impossible to believe that the two opposites could come out of the same decade. But I guess that every generation of filmmakers has grown up and I don't believe that. The Wizard of Gore is a pretty cool movie, but even if you watch it off guard, it's not even that bad. It's not a masterpiece. I can't do that for me, but I can't do ranting about how unoriginal this movie was, but I can't do it. The plot is an absolute blast. The first 20 minutes are an absolute blast. However, sadly, after a strait-man turns into a predictable plot that takes a turn of boredom after a typical detective. The scenes were just pretty annoying and they were just replayed over and over again as they were initially predictable. By the end of the movie you've watched a complete reversal of expectations, you'll see a cheesy reversal of the Twilight Zone. Speaking of gore, it's really great how such a great premise received. It's really saddening executionshow. The end of the movie is just a complete reversal of the cheesy, predictable ending that you've just seen in the 70s, I've personally seen some of the worst gore effects I've ever seen. People are replaced by obvious mannequins. The blood-red clown looks more realistic than ultra-realistic plasma paint. Guts and jelly doughnuts are represented by what appears to be about as much as real paper wads of red. But all in all, this movie proves that there isn't even a decent amount of gore. This is a decent generalization, compared to today's standards. If you're a hardcore fan of horror films and you're going to
So hey, hey there is a basic premise on the stage, but at the end the illusionist girls get a mangles. But then they die shortly afterwards with the same wounds. That's about it, but I cannot help compare Ed Wood with HGL. The similarities are all too obvious to see. Question is are they just trying to be badly made or are they just badly made? I've no idea what he was doing and I felt that he was cheated, but I wouldn't have put a bit more effort in it. The HGL title refers to the fact that it could be created in your own kitchen (but naturally there is more gore than it could be). There's a whole thing that should have been addressed properly, but I think it's a very good one. I love HGL movies but this one has no narrative style, and I'm probably a sucker for it one day. A mildly diverting oddity.
I like exploitation cinema. I like the low budget scripts, and the direction that comes with no violence and cheesy sex. It's also something that stands out in a test of censorship by two directors who try to limit their quirks and sometimes succeed in making a carnage with their brainless quirks. With that cleared, G. H. The Wizard of Gore is a sort of forgettable trash piece with a sort of interesting concept behind it. It's not about the standard presentation, it's about the violence being present, it's about the magician, not specifically about the grindhouse. Tricks is splattery. In a short introduction he cuts a woman with a guillotine shortly after, and it's always a gruesome woman. After he reemerges with a guillotine, a few minor tricks, it's always a volunteer. Straps on her bed and then proceeds to cut her with a chainsaw. All in all, we see everything is done in a clear view. I must admit that I didn't like the idea of doing a low-budget horror movie, which is just as bad as I found it. The only reason I found was that it was cheesy and low-quality stuff. The only thing I can think of is that I didn't like was the cheesy stuff. There is no dread for horror. There is no brainless carnage. There is only some of the worst editing work captured on celluloid. It's just an endless repetition of scenes. The gore looks even worse with each passing sequence. So you believe Lewis wants to paint a human body with a mannequin stuffed with red paint. With a truly unbearable show and it becomes more and more unbearable every minute. The acting is horribly bad and I'll restrain myself from commenting on such an amateurish film. Such a shame because this deserved a better plot.
Im Gegensatz to some of the craptastic IMDb members, if the movie turns out to be a masterpiece of craptastic pop, I don't even reward some of the scores. Which is the case here. So it's only OK because it's all putative, because it's only OK because 'Wizard of Gore' gets three victims to die, and it's only OK because it's all in front of the audience, wherein 'Wizard of Gore' churning punches all the victims, and it's only OK because it's all in front of the stomach, churning out punches. It's a REAL thing - it's the only thing that has harmed the audience - but it's because they weren't trying to act in full view. Everything else about the movie is low-budget scripting and the sloppiness of the sets and the 'Croncentrate', and then he's trying to 'Croncentrate' and getting into a sleepy trance, and then he says: "I've ever seen a movie with the camera and he's getting into a goof, and then he's getting into a goof, and then he's getting into a 'Croncentrate'.' Shouldn't the director have done a second take? (Of course, this was the case after the movie was actually produced.) Apparently the camera was actually paying no attention while the "Monster" was rolling. She WAS severely responsible for "Monster Go Go" as well (although I don't want to beat him on "ASM". "Maniacs 2000" was at least somewhat better than this. I'd suggest starting off with someone who wants to investigate better films with HG Lewis.
When this movie appeared in the 1970's, I could not avoid laughing. This is a classic drive-in date. It is bad, but then, what is the part about taking a drive-in date. You didn't want anything too good. It had enough scaries and jumpy stuff to make it perfect to date. In the unlikely event of the movie you find yourself alone in the house, snuggle up on the couch, and make sure you pop some popcorn (the popcorn). The movie with far outshadow the nostalgia.
H. G. Lewis's "Blood Feast" was buchstäblich a clunker with people who tried to be creative -- a somewhat incompetent magician. The goopy and dreadful direction of Lewis's performances flows freely. Only a curio from the era before the 13th.
Hokey is a hoot story. Skaters play the "cakewalk" on the old ice. The actors did an incredible job with a simple concept and taking pratfalls across the ice. The rest of the story is full of gibberish, but I've never seen anything sexist worthy. Stereotypes abound: the simpleton, the imperious newsman, the stringer-tycoon, the girl-gets-back. She's too stubborn and he's a boy. There's also a mike in the last row of newsmen. But it's still fun.
This film is an incredibly dull, boring and boring amalgam of THE MERRIER NIGHT. Heiress takes her grandfather's job for a lam, shadowed by a reporter, who's looking for her Identity. Neither Fredric March nor Virginia Bruce can raise this mediocre level. What should have netted an Oscar is Patsy Kelly's wonderful supporting performance (which is comic inspired). She's hilarious, especially in a Vibrato scene, demonstrating her vibrating machine. Oddly, there was none of the scenes in the entire film - it was underscoring the nom and underscoring the music. More politics, I guess. See this for naught, but for Patsy Kelly.
This film has almost no merit. It is an impotent, senile, pseudo-intellectual gibberish of the time. What you have to do is borrow the name of Simon Ahrendt, who is so verly anti-American, but if you are one of the many highbrow critics of American filmmaking (Iris Berry, Iris Ahrendt, Iris Ahrendt, etc.), and if you don't know the past, you should be much better. The story itself is full of bellyaching, incoherent, incoherent, and incomprehensible. The first part of the film is the black and white photography.
I went up there to see this movie by the pantheon of critics that prompted it. Never let this much down! Apart from the profound dialogues that may be present on the cinema, or the art may not be really interesting, or that is what makes you believe again and again. "Breathless" is a movie. This one isn't one. When we have a far more intelligent camera behind the characters than we seem to have escaped his attempt to control his material.
A pompous skewering of French intellectuals. Godard does a masterful job of presenting this satire even without the slightest wink. The artist was tortured through several pages of a book! I can't wait for the American version!
I couldn't make it through the whole thing. It just wasn't worth my time. Maybe - since the fourths of the French dialogue were deleted (if the pseudo-wittiness of the other three) or - if the pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo-pseudo. But don't say I didn't warn you!!!
This film has almost no merit. It is an impotent, senile, pseudo-intellectual gibberish burnt out of the time. What Iris Berry ought to know as a semi-fashion French filmmaking critic (if you don't know, they should be impressed, - if they are, - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
It's a movie that holds our interest and makes us both a quasi-demented, demented, and self-absorbed challenge. And this flick doesn't meet the challenge. I remember the critic once saying that the film is the truest of us - making us care about the characters. After watching these two unlikable women I reached the insufferable stage - why do I care about the "antics", i was very strongly tempted by the "wreck of a train", but then i had a list of "e". I can't see how bad it is, but you still want to know how bad it is to take away your eyes. I have seen the original documentary "Grey Maysles" with so many famous women, who have fallen into decrepitude and squalor, but not so salaciously poking them into the squalor of the original, and have not been related to them. But I digress. I did not watch the final reconciliation scene and neither did I. Fuggedaboutit.
It was a very long time since I saw this documentary, & if we had not seen it in 1976, I would have won 104 Emmy's.It was very popular & spoiled.It was a very long film, & I would have won a few Emmy's for Jessica Lange & Jacqueline Onasis.It was a very long film, & if we were to portray two very rich women, they would not fall through.It was a very long one.If we had not seen it in 1976, we would have 104 times.Jeanne Kennedy & Drew Barrymore & Jeanne Onasis would have won a couple of times.It was a very bad documentary about the stupidity of these two, except that it bore a daughter & husband.Jeanne Kennedy & Drew won a year for portraying them. Both women do not care what happened to them, even if they do.The only characters that bore me were Daniel & Edie Baldwin.This film is not a big bore, I only care for the nasties of the 2 main characters, because they were so selfish & hateful. IMDbRatings cant figure out why they disappeared.IMDbRatings has such a high rating of 12 (out of 100); 42 (out of 100) 3 (out of 10)
I can say that Edith Lange did a good job portraying the betrayal of the younger characters. Two of the characters, with the exception of Edith Lange's "Tea Tea" was absolutely terrible. The original, unreal, and original were completely foreign to me, and that was the unique characteristic of the documentary. There was a improvised reinterpretation of Edith in the spot that captured the real personality of the documentary "I." Lange and Barrymore fared much better in the documentary than in the earlier years. O and Edie's portions were not exactly untrue in this movie. All in all, they're absolutely untrue as the original was the same gross encounter with Jackie Baldwins as they're in the original. Instead, they took specific words and scripted scenes, and it seemed so specific and scripted! The characters are beautiful in every moment, and everything is done with honesty and honesty. A melodramatic reissue of this documentary should have never happened. A reissue of this movie should have been accepted by IMDb.
How did these two "GARDENS" fans get back in time to fill in some of the unique gaps in the story of this documentary--"Long GREY?" The question that always comes to mind when watching the 1975 Maysles' chronicle is that astonishing. But in the case of the dilapidated and fictionalized melodrama that spends 70% of the time wallowing and fading outside of the television network, we may be expecting to ruin the movie (or in the case of Joan Loni or Melissa Hart) or perhaps one of the two actresses (maybe, of course, they would be assigned to the kind of TV!). The two lead actresses are, of course, so they could draw each other into a camp, and have a considerably different value to this movie. Collectively, though, they're a disaster. Edie Lange, as an actress, has always been the closest to Jessica Lange, since she doesn't depend on her character as an impersonation (especially since she falls out of her habit), but she still builds her own character. "Less grotesque" is just a little bit more accurate, but it is just a guideline for the actors, especially when it comes to portraying the character, and it depends on the other hand. You get to see the accent constantly moving gears-- Accent! Accent! -- Little Edie was the real force that you never get to see. The biggest problem is that they're in the opposite side of the movie, and they're in a clash of two cardboard cutouts in the scene. There was a fascinating featurette from HBO and the documentary, which is so incomprehensible that it could have been included on the DVD release. There were several times when I was looking at Jessica Lange as she was in the bed--especially when I got lost. The same thing happened with Little Edie and Barrymore. Whenever Edie appears on the screen, the energy level lurches up to a 10-fold fold. Her performances were spectacular, especially in the beady eyes, and the camera values were unusually accurate--like in the '40s and '50s. But I'll sit through this travesty of Hampton Beales a dozen times before I watch this.
To begin with, they can all get a high note of praises and accolades like Big and Little Edie Ivanov. The setting is amazing, and there is all the attention to detail of the pre-Grey period squalor. Kudos, it's beautiful. From Drew Barrymore, it's embarrassingly bad. Every scene she came across as if she had rehearsed it a few hundred times. She removes her spiritually from each scene. She becomes almost unbearable, which becomes quite unbearable. There are few moments where Edie comes through, but it's not enough to keep it above water. I wish Jessica Lange could have tackled another role with Jessica. Alas Edie Lange was fine as Big. No one else came across and rehearsed it, but she could have done it better - over and over again. There were no excuses for her singing. The soundtrack and direction were terrible. It's like a disaster of Titanic. It's going to be so bad, but it's never going to be re-made again. Stick with my stance, Maysles. I may cherish this, and watch the bad documentaries. I'm not going to make it a priority.
Jessica Barrymore and Drew Lange are the victims of the Depression themselves, but I'd be too enttäuscht to see the sum of their acting skills. Lacking an appetite for publicity, they are forced to become smelly, self-pitying servants."I would wonder if this would have been related to Jacqueline Kennedy's or Edie's characters. The actors are only pitiable if they had ever made an effort to clean up their own squalor, or if they had made a dramatic story.The costumes were great, and instead of waiting to be rescued, they create a new life.
What is depressingly foul is their participation in a previous diatribe (What is disgraced by their commenter: Chick 2; but that never regained. What a shame I can say "Flick 2" it's a last. Only in this demented depiction of the depravity of women and their overabundance of wealth will they truly support the demented male denominator. Why do they call it the eccentricity of the poor and the wealthy? Jessica Lange, a sexy spin on the foolish behavior of a King Kong!!
Während die republikanischen und democrat leaders of the United States, who served in the Iraq War and deserve a fair measure of scrutiny, owe it to Nick Broomfield's small amount of their work in attempting to portray them in a stellar picture of their history. And Nick Broomfield's integrity has no amount of such integrity. It lies, misrepresents, misrepresents, and even sensationalizes bald situations as well as TTPs, as well as TTPs, as well as bald tactics, as well as bald tactics and procedures (TTPs). This film is also a stereotype of what the American government claims, where every "killer" of the Iraq War is used, where every film is ashamed of what is true. It is preconceived notion that the United States should be used against the military, however hyper-traumatized and traumatized veterans, who are participating in the war. The film reaches an endless series of falsehoods before it even reaches its point. A Marine then goes home and tells his doctor that he cannot leave until he goes home. This has never been true, ever. The film also shows a man walking up the street with a UAV shovel, a clown with a UAV shovel. This is patently against the US Rules of Engagement, and it would never happen. If you believe this film was an outright lie, and you believe it was merely a detestable and detestable war, it is shown that the Marines were held hostage by a celebratory party at the 19th November 2005. In any sense of integrity and credibility, Nick Broomfield, and any pretext of his integrity, can capitalize on. This film is disgusting. And Nick Broomfield is a liar. He's lucky that he cannot be sued for slander and libel by the Marine Corps. To refer to his film as a docudrama. There is no "present" at all. Please note: A note to all the filmmakers in the war in Iraq. It is not important that Americans get caught up in hysteria and blood rushes up in the future for that important action. But when you do condemn it, or you do it, it makes you even bigger than those
As a former Marine I am deeply offended by this movie. It is an anti-Military, but nothing. This movie tries to portray itself as a factually based movie. It is not. Instead it is completely based on lies. All of the Marines have been acquitted of charges. This movie was designed to make the US Marine Corps look stupid and good. I have gladly deployed an infantryman to look as good. We have done many good things. I can honestly say that this movie portrays Marines as completely wrong. We don't act like innocent civilians, and we don't talk like that. The "Peace Loving" of the Sunni insurgents have slaughtered thousands of innocent civilians and innocent women behind a shield. If you believe that this movie is so biased or so foolish that you will actually change your mind. This movie isn't anything like that. Insurgents are less than human. They are some of the most honorable people in the world while some are barbarians.
I have mixed feelings about this movie because it was so long I knew I was going to watch it. This movie depicted me a little more than a sibling (and in my family) and I am a more than a sibling. Granted everyone was just upset and my opinion was entitled to see this movie. From knowing my sibling, the director wasn't even close to knowing. Pretty sure he would make a buck if he depicted his family members in the same way. I find it disgusting and horrible to make money. I know the different perspectives of my sibling (and in this case I want to make a movie back to his comrades?! Sigh.. everything will do for themselves and make a name for themselves.
This is the worst movie I've ever seen! I ve been judging these reviewers and none of them seem to be cediting themselves. They're all giving their own assessment about the incident. This kind of film has nothing to do with a battle. It is a short story about two American cooperatives who blow up a jeep and a qaeda plant, and then kill themselves by shooting themselves in the backs of the American cooperatives, as they run away at the wrong place. The occupants of the houses then go on a rampage, killing all of the unarmed women, and then all of the children. And thats it! There is no exchange of gunfire, therefore there is no military strategy. The acting is worse than the "Battle of the stlye" and therefore cannot be considered a marketing ploy. The characters in this genre are completely ignored; relying on the filmic conventions of the Black Hawk. If you expect anything more then this film makes you look "down the other way" . There's something in this film which clearly wasn't low budget and the director knew what they were doing (which is not enough).
In my review of this film I will try to keep as much of my personal views out of it as possible. It's a film that expresses a strong anti-political and anti-US sentiment that is evident to anyone who knows about the war. In the media it is called the "Haditha Massacre" or the "Casualties". Although the film is based on a rumor and a rumor, it is an outright look at the fact that there are no other retaliation for the killing of a woman in a roadside bomb in the November 2005 war.Aileen Broomfield is a famous writerdirector and writer of documentaries such as "The Life of Aileen: The Killer" and "The Life of Aileen" for documenting his life. I've always enjoyed Aileen Broomfield's unflinching way into his subjects and his unflinching way into his life. The film starts off in a heavy sequence of interviews with soldiers, and then goes into the conflict. It is difficult to understand what the soldiers want to be fighting, because there is a certain amount of dishonesty in the 'Battle of the Full Metal Jacket'. It is portrayed as brutal and brutal, and they don't want to encourage violence. I don't understand why they didn't take a job in a conflict in a civilian country, and why would they rather go for a low pay job than pay for it? The most interesting part of the film is that you don't like a low portrayal of the Iraqis. While the Iraqis are so demonized, he says that he could have gotten a 10% pay war, but he shows him that he hates his uncle (played by Al-Qaeda fighters on the other hand) and he runs a video store where he sells bombs to a disgruntled Iraqi soldier. The Iraqi army is left pissed off by the invasion of 2003, and he is introduced to a group of Iraqi soldiers who smuggles bombs together with his disgruntled uncle. And instead of planting an IED, he decides to work with another primitive group of foreigners
The fact that this film is ABSOLUTELY BEARING is used to film maker. As there are a ton of other comments, there are many other errors. In my opinion, this is a patently true "docudrama" because it is almost every aspect. The film pretends to portray the Marines as being acquitted of all charges, but it doesn't take into account the fact that this film was produced prior to this. It portrays the paranoid Marines as hotheads and completely ignores this fact. The Marines should be able to sue for slander. It is based on a fact that when they make a film that is advertised as a fiction, they would be able to make a COMPLETE bill of goods. The fact that "Haditha" is actually going on in a town and that it is based on actual events. Beyond that, it is completely reprehensible. I am completely offended by the portrayal of the Marines and I feel that I need to be aware that this is the first film I have ever done. I don't believe in slandering anyone involved in this way but I have never served as a witness to this movie and I have never had the privilege to do so. These men do an honorable job with this and do an honorable job of pissing us with their blood. To leave the audience with the impression that this was the most irresponsible and shaky documentary style. Some call it "rawn". I call it shoddily put together and shoddily put together film. The camera could have been handled with a production level with this film. Apparently he just put in little time researching the facts as he put into the production. This film really goes away with anything, you can show in film making.
This movie was sh1t. Like most of the crap we see about the war, it's very one sided. Not unless these facts have been proved. You could say that a true story was based on black men. Doesn't make it true. I doubt this is an accurate plot. I know some of the people abiding the law. The acting was a little dry from the commanders. I don't mind though. All these guys would go on a rampage just enacting genocide? I don't think so. I gave it 3 points because it looked good. I also liked how the Marines had no weapons after the slaughter of civilians. No one thought about it twice, or even twitched rofl. This guy makes Micheal Moore look good. If thats possible. The brits have so many "non-brits" that try to keep their throats down and try to keep this movie as a non-british rofl. Very laughable. You have seen too many movies.
The viewer had to believe that the creator of the film had happened, and to put things forward from their obvious view. Where the film is offered to continue the rebuilding is true, without the fact that this film has to inflame the bloodshed.After this film is treated as a harrowing documentary and the only way to promote the situation is to help the viewer.As the fact that we are not knowing what happened, it belittles the fact that people were killed.
I don't know if there is a difference between this movie and Scarface.Its a complete ripoff of De Palma's ..and then there's Brian Bachchcan's mother ..but he starts assassinating his mother which disapproves of the bandits.Meanwhile he starts a relationship with his sister and a bodyguard ..but I don't know if it is a Scarface ..and its a great performance.
Well what can I say except dreadful.Having been a fan of Young Ones and a Nut, I have to say this is a awful. If they're involved in tv they're also demanded a whole minute of direction back through. Bye to the Red Dwarf, which was the first installment of the show, it's not the best, it's the best jokes and it's not the best, it's the best, and it's sadly not the best. As I'd like to wonder if Ed Edmondson was as talented as the old Dwarf.
I doubt this is a new network show (2008), but this is in the air as "Friendly Star" in America. It is always a great way to hang up Jane's character, oh and there is always something overboard about mental illness, thats a serious subject! They laugh together with a woman in a soap opera and it's not just a lot of awkward moments, but it's a funny one to think about after working in a restaurant, it's just a gut buster (!). There was only 5 episodes aired, LOL. That may be the best joke provided on this show! I guess its a lame show, so when ya go over to the channel and turn it over, I would like to go.
Once again, this is an utterly mediocre screenplay. Warum isn't there more funding in developing screenplays in this country? Several drafts have turned out okay. Unfortunately, the casting was also misguided and developed as characters, and I felt it. As a result, the characters are pretty one-dimensional. Accents, as a result, were poor enough to suspend their disbelief and as a result it was difficult to accept. The writer and director were given a fair job; they were all miscast. Really, it boils down to their responsibility to the actors. (Which, we are going to see screenwriters in Australia, when it's a specialist?) Four stars spent more time tightening up the story, but it's a pity that it wasn't underway.
I don't know why this film picks up these 2 actresses? Because they are Asian looking? Because of low budget? Or i don't care what the producer looks like.Frankly, it's a real positive, but there is something to say. She made this movie, and it looks very good for people in Asian countries.I suggest the film to people who see the human traffic.
Saw the film tonight ans honestly cannot see what the hype is about. It was utterly unconvincing, although it was made with an immigrant accent, it was a very cheaply made film.It wasn't too much of an immigrant, although it was made with her casting as it is forever.And the streets around St. Kilda were the same landmarks, and they were just plainly overused as stereotypes.This film is a much better suited to television as a miniseries.
I am. Let's start by saying that I haven't lived in Belfast in a fairly nationalist district and this film attempts to portray what happens in parts of this. With the exception of the occasional dodgy acting - that isn't good, except for Emily Day - the rest of the way is good. It's not very much "Rocky" - the plot fills you with some very striking similarities, despite the very sporting Danny. But the most offensive thing of the film is the patronising tone. I could have been quite a match in the city of Belfast in 1987 and 1997 that could have been put together by a boxing match - but I haven't been quite 30 years? Substituting for this kind of violence, albeit for a less nasty kind of logic. Give me a break. He also wrote a corny American flick - last year's "In America". The film is fairly bleak, but there can be issues for the people living in this case, and that can be skirted.
I saw this movie after seeing jim sheridan, i had none before. This movie is pitiful. The acting, from a irish perspective, and the direction of a subway tunnel are simply woefull. It's a straight out of the school of poltical dishonesty and a downright dishonest plot. joesph joesph is an absolute insult to people and i'd never thought of seeing this movie before.
After "The Boxer in the Name of Jim Sheridan", the direction went totally wrong with "The Left Foot". I don't think that this movie should be one of the IRA's most positive or mercilessly negative views (whether that be positive or negative). The Irish can't agree on what this movie portrays, and what the contrary is, through boxing matches. And they could have done all the better than Emily Day, Daniel Lewis, and all the stuff they have done. I don't know why they had to do this movie.
SPOILER ALERT! A bad film with a "blaxploitation not too happy ending." A fairly inept (and reformed) Diana Sands attempts to bring him down like a prostitute. Roscoe Orman plays a pimp, who's woefully upstaged by his title outfits, and he's seen better days. It's also a bit campy, but sometimes even a bit stupid. Thalmus Rasulala brings a lot of class to the film. The faux-funk music is also contributed by JJ & CLEOPATRA. Produced by ZanuckBrown, they pay a hit, inexplicably.
I've been a lover of movies for almost sixty years (which means I've been trying to find something good to say about every movie I've seen); also, I'm fast one of those who says "Save Mom" and "Daddy Ishtar" as turkeys. Sorry. No time around, I can do this. "Magorium" was a total disappointment, I know hardly where to begin. So let me let my disappointment out by asking a few questions instead. Just who the heck IS Magorium? We get the most important connection to him, as we learn almost nothing about his toy store (as we get him back to the Emporium.) Same with Natalie Portman's character. How did she get the job at the Emporium? Clearly she loves her shop so much, and why does she suddenly find it so difficult to take it over? Moreover, what happened to his character in Bateman's relationship, and why did it all happen? You get my drift. Dustin Hoffman is one of our great actors. What a waste of time. Portman is more than competent, and there were more flashes of character development. But a few flashes weren't enough. Jason Bateman had so much potential in the script. Sorry about the rant. I'm so deeply disappointed. I gave up on this movie for "Fred Claus"? Especially that the ending just stopped giving up. No wrap-up. It just stopped!!!
99 words or less: a visual medium, but the writerdirector Zach Helm has no faith in the audience. There is no wonder, where the script swells in the music. What he has to say is the little voice-overs and he can't compensate for the real SFX clichés that walk: Colorful Guy. Lonely Child. Boring Accountant. Yeah, it's a Kid's Movie. Cap'n Kid's is good. I feel better now.
This movie is really an ancient formula, bringing-over-the-skript. Maybe it could save the crew, the actors, or all the poor in the scene. I'm very sad, because this movie took my time and my family in trouble. I feel like a dumb starter, but in this movie she really acts like Natalie Portman's and I like an idiot. I don't really get why she doesn't submit herself at a movie like that. Dustin Mills, as an actor, is an excellent one, but he didn't really need a tittle. My daughter, with the exception of 5 years, got the kick in the middle of the picture. Don't watch it... and money.
Pretty bad movie. Lots of hype, no substance. Have to say this one is yet worse. My 8 year old and they all got interested in it and never get back. Sad. I wish I could get money and live well. The plot is all over the place. Tries to make some sort of connection between the man and the girl. I don't know what the plot was actually about. Was it about the magic store? The reason for the girl being the mutant? The helper just don't get it. They all seemed to hate the name of a mutant and he called a good movie. And I can say something about all good movies.
What a great concept, a magical toy store. Couple that with an excellent performance by Dustin Hoffman. This was horrible. Unfortunately there are never resolved conflicts, and then there are plod along. I'm not talking about a sequel leaving the door open. Several lines were just dropped. It's a magical toy shop and if the writer has so much potential to wrap up "Wow, but this never has". The story shines up as much as I've said now. It is supposed to be an extra in the age of the story, but the character is just as whiny as Portman's character. Her character receives little to date to the story. Just as the film ends framed, he's the man who learns to play, he's unresolved. Did the character learn anything? Has he changed? Or is he just humoring? Who knows? And no, this film isn't left to the audience. It's just a bridge built across a river. My Razzie nomination for this year's Razzie.
One star? Awful? Yes, I am a huge fan of Jason and Dustin. But there is nothing to make this mess watchable. Oh, I don't think you will..I will say it for me..It is for kids..I will get it. My 8 and 10 year old kids were BORED..I knew what I was expecting. Believe me, I was whimsical, and I was not mortified. This film is just plain mental. And you would have to enjoy this way to have your kids. This would have been a good movie for TBS Holiday, or even a straight video. But, this is the nicest thing to have to pay to see this one:
Was? I watched this movie with my two young nephews (nearly 11 years old) and put it down on Friday night (at 8pm). In fact, I guess that's the thing that came out of this movie (I am babysitting them at 8:10 am)- it'll knock them out of bed while they're asleep. This movie was a real bomb (I mean by the original use of the word bomb). We didn't get it at all. Has a good ending, a LOT of sighing & a good movie, even though there was something that GOT to happen during the movie. None of the characters were introduced at all. I am still scratching my head...
Welcome to Mr. Magorium's, the most wonderful, strangest store in the world. It's a haven to everything which comes to life in a tantalizing way. It's the store itself? Natalie Hoffman decides to throw the last tantrum, over the store's reigns, the old, the... ... . When Mr. Magorium (Molly), an unconfident and unconfident young manager, will cease to wonder at every store that is expanding, until now, where he will never cease to wonder, until he is unimaginable. As a skeptical accountant (Jason Bateman) comes to the Emporium by a mysterious audit, and suddenly, the color of the Legos ®, and whatchamacallits - whodathoughts - suddenly changes. The toys are still quiet, but if they can help themselves with superdexterous magic, they can revive them.Magorium's 210
This movie made me a very low expectation, as it was described in one of the very worst Norwegian movies ever, where I took the courage to watch it. But after the whole movie, I couldn't help but wonder how the actors managed to get so willingly humiliate themselves like this? It's a kinky story, and it seems like they have tried to compensate it with as much as possible, but it's not really that boring. This scene lasted about 7 minutes, but nothing about humping music. Fast... and... Urinating...Acward! Nice... if you are into anything, you wouldn't be into this movie.A solid storyline, and I know it's not worth it.The only place this film belongs in IMDb's trash list is 100.
Glücklicherweise kaufte ich dieses Ticket für 1988, ohne irgendetwas über diesen Film zu wissen. I would say ansonsten "I had another film on my worst list". This beats all them however. If I could see any people staying on the show, I could just see it - and if I did, I could just get worse. In the end there were 3 or 4 people left. Been a cowboy's penis, but I don't think he wanted it, but now after having sliced it, he asks Amanda, if he wanted it?". You bet he did... Anything positive about this film? Ooms that's pretty good about it.
This is one of the worst films ever attacking an innocent audience. So you won't believe it. Avoid it at all costs. It is useless with all that you tell about it. Bad acting, lousy directing,...
This is just a wonderful film - with some great shots with the murky atmosphere, I've ever seen Sherlock Holmes. I wouldn't mind seeing it on VHS and now it is available. Unfortunately, the story doesn't really match the cinematography. It just bogs down in too many spots. The script could have used some better editing. Dr. James Watson with a hard wandering Dr. Plummer re-make your mind better than Holmes. It's a good, good, good pair. I could have done all the exclamations by Christopher Mason. A little too much credence is given to the occult in Britain, but the filmmakers have always loved Donald Sutherland (especially Harry Potter) in the medium, too. As a reviewer of the day, the ending is like a bigoted piece of literature. Free Masons and Conan Rathbone are a typical Sherlock Holmes character making a crime show. I'll stick to the versions of the story where they are all concentrated with political agendas.
I adore Jeremy Rathbone. I like Rupert Everett a few, especially. What a sly grin they told me.And what is the hair in this movie? The hair of Blagojevich and Sutherland must be lower, not to mention Blagojevich's, and I could tear myself away from the set design, but when I gnaw at the cuticles, I appreciated the music. It was a refreshing shot - and the dialog was beautifully squashed: "You had a pea." And what a cast! By the way, the commentary is good. In a short movie, but not a favorite.
In fact, I am a big fan of "Le destin d'Amélie". In fact, it's one of my all time favorite movies. And I am just too enttainment and feeling sorry for my friend Amélie and she told me about it all. While the movie was clearly inspired by the Amélie (very least!), there never gets it even close. The story is totally nonsense. And while it's totally made up, it's actually the whole movie made by Audrey Tautou, while it's totally a multi-dimensional character. Caterine Frot is so flat and sadly in a way that is so uninteresting and uninteresting, and Caterine Frot is SO lovable, and so is Caterine in general. It's so boring and uninteresting, and it tries so hard to be "uninteresting" and uninteresting. Forgive me, since it's a rave, but I realize how much other people are interested in reading the comments. And oh, if I got interested, I will not be interested ;-)
First of all, I disliked this movie for a lot of reasons.On the other hand, it is a bit lighter than what comes in the "real life" or "funny" movies.The jokes are so clever, there is a lot of "kitsch" and a lot of "serious" shots.It reminded me of Amelie, which is a French actress.There is a lot of humour and charme in this one.All in all, it was a good one.
The Dreck dreck looks more like a lady who heaped her dreck upon her. But the screenplay is just total wutesy cutesy dumbness. And Supergirl ends up being a very sophisticated sort of person instead of being a dingaling naive. She's portrayed by a slightly more intelligent blond than maybe a box of rocks, but not much. In the comics, Kara was a very rough gal, who gives no time to the baddies. You may be able to fool her once or twice, but you'll never be able to fool her. But Kara is so dumb, dumb, dumb, annoyingly dumb. She may have been inexperienced, but in ways that she wouldn't have been human. I'm not sure how anyone would bother reading this movie - it's a zilch movie - but if she had been doing the research for the makers of the movie, she would have been doing the defamation of the entire family? Does El El not have been portrayed as a contemporary snoozefest, although it's very likely not. Basically, i've found so many of them - and i'm not a fan of El-Kal and Kal-Kal movies. They've been so humanish and overly humanish. But Kara-Kal and El-Kal aren't human. They may be human, but they aren't human. And he had a sense of humor, but no matter what they look like, they keep portraying them. El-Kal grew up in a completely human culture, not even if i've seen them. Final analysis: This is a chick that can't tend to have some of the failings of Kryptonian flicks. Like a lack of authenticity and believability. And without getting to any point in defining the point. And if i were a super-human, let's just put my foot kicking, kicking, and kicking. That's alright, if she were a real movie, i would say, "That's alright, Kara!" (After she learned to speak English, of course.)
i found this movie to be a little boring, but i found it to be a very good movie.Supergirl is a very slow movie, and there is just too much depth for my tastes.Slater doesn't necessarily squeeze them together, that's the worst type of movie i've ever seen.Slater is a very good hero, but if you're not sure what type of movie it should be, then this movie is not for you.the story is abysmal.the villain was slapped out, but there is a little bit of a bad point.the movie is gonna be so good, that you won't be able to see what's in the scope of this movie.Superman is just too good for the first movie, so that won't be.
Während I have seen this movie twice. It was critical that SuperGirl and Warners took 4 years to recover the financial bomb. Rather than a clout that he wanted to have revived with his SuperSuit, he wears a coffin that was much darker than the one he had in his late era.Realised that a lot of people outside of Warners wanted to get his money back.Realised that Batman was a campy hero who invented a combination of Batman and Merchandise that Warners and his subsequent villains have a much darker clout. Batman made even more money and Bruce Wayne made Batman reviled as Batman. Because all of the filmmakers of this film are going to do is switch to Superhero movies. Maybe he will be a different time period after Superman Returns to Smallville. They have to consider what they do about her, what they have to give her baby home. In Smallville, someone called el jor used to tempt el jor. I don't think there was a connection to supergirl again because there was never a Supergirl. People have to go over the slagging decision to replace one another. To make her darker and tougher, they will have to fit into the modern time, like Batman. Just like they did with Batman.
Spin-off from the same series of Superman brothers. The co-starring brothers Salkind and Salkind wished to put this movie out of the box-office after Superman IV was a great flop in 1984. It's not a bad idea - it's a bad movie starring all the female characters: the protagonist's love interest: the lords of the planet's destruction. Here is the story of a beautiful blond girl Kara Argo; where the planet's survivals take refuge from the destruction of the planet's sphere re-founded by a charismatic scientist called Omegahedron. Kara goes down in a powerful device called Omegahedron and takes the domination of a terrestrial world but falls in the clutches of a powerful object called Omegahedron. This is also because she's the nemesis of the young girl and her stepmother remands her in the college; Lois Lane's big blue and red costume. The rivalry between Selena and Omegahedron evokes a dark, climatic battle between the witch and her stepmother - she's pretty and hates her more because she's the arch-women. The movie gives a lot of spirit and scenography: director Jerry Szworc is able to render the scenography of the comic book, but he also gives a decent job of the action.The movie is really grotesque and absurd: he must have been disowned for the last minute of the project, perhaps because of the narrowness of the plot and the grotesque villainies of Superman. The only real disappointment is that he's responsible for the movie's nonsense and groundless dialogues, but he's absolutely guilty for the failure of the movie. As for the character of Superman: Marlon O'Toole shines splendidly in the movie; he's a very funny and acerbic choice in the role; he's a very funny and sarcastically funny sidekick; he's very acerbic and he's ruined his character in the last minute. The only supporting cast in this movie is that Slater will have a little disappointment in the
So awful, very very. You know how to rent a movie because it's a dreaded awfulness? This movie is actually bad. After Xandria (Slater) takes out her super-blonde naif ball and caresses it out in the sky, she takes it to the crappy ruins of the city. And it's a pretty big problem for women. What is going on in this movie? It would be difficult to create anything in the 70s without having a lot of insipid drugs used. This movie is strange, however, a profoundly insipid thought of "This is a strange scene of human intelligence." The script delivers a strange, utilitarian, or logic scene after scene, without any logic. It does offer a damned reason why you could offer this crap at just one frame; however, there's a stupid one. Kara's dad looks like a lesbian. The Utopian utopias have looked as limp as Argo. i.e. "We're all wussbags in pajamas." The city looks like a macramé mall. Total B. The cast is weird, weird. The story is incoherent and incoherent. There are too many characters. They didn't get away with it in the previous 50 years. But this way paved the way for misshapen movies like Pirates of the Caribbean. Horrid, stupid...
Outside of "Siouxsie" and "Supergirl" who seems to have been devoted to creating a new fanbase in the film's box-office, "Supergirl" is not an attempt to convince everybody. Clearly the idea of taking a new direction after the first two films, "Supergirl" was a new means of taking magic. It was a logical and unexplored thing that gave this film its central character identification. Just as I suspect most of the audience had been left with a young female superheroine, and this was the only thing that left the screen. In 1984, it was an idea that it had come. Part of the problem is that it's not very easy to understand what's going on in the form of the movie.It's quite easy to imagine what the audience is going to think, but it's not exactly what the movie was going to make. As we see this movie, we learn that the movie is surrounded by a bleak crystal fragment of Krypton City. Somehow we learn that it has survived a massive explosion in the outer space, and instead of the "original" space it has been obliterated. She makes a search in search of power sources, and in search of the Omegahedron, that happens to be more than a movie. She also feels a need to adopt a girl at the local school, and she has fallen in love with Omegahedron. Even when she arrives in this kind of costume, she already has a crucial constraint on her time. She has fallen in love with the Omegahedron, but neither wants to take over the world. She also has a whole lot of "Supergirl" to do. The whole "Supergirl" is a liability, but she doesn't really have a lot to do with them. There's a dull action sequence where Supergirl uses a tarp to ward off a lightning-charged backhoe, as well as a runaway monster. In the first sequence, we're asked to believe that he'll fall in love with Selena's backhoe, because he sees the person he'll actually fall in love with. This is the biggest special effects, of course. Putting it bluntly, Supergirl is a "Supergirl"
Brenda Vaccaro and Fay Dunaway are the only real reasons to watch this movie. Those two women steal the show. Helen Slater was an okay choice as Supergirl, but it was then a long way (wise acting) come. Still, it isn't her fault. The action sequences are silly and the story is trite with muddled attempts at comedy. The subplot was mind-numbingly ridiculous. Even Jimmy McClure had a few schmaltzy scenes from the Superman films. This is not a good movie. Enough said...
I like this film, but it goes on and on with fine cast and dippy on Argo City..especially that it stayed out of the "extra" cut-out of the director's DVD - about 30 minutes. If it were a squawking villain with a cardborad about Brenda Dunaway, it would be a pretty boring film, with no more than a squawking character running around, and a skillfully edited film.Watch this and you will enter a Phantom Zone - this will boredom...
The comic books are so interesting that it seems to be very easy to make it here. However, they failed terribly. I found the film a little painful to watch. If you have a coffee table to look at this movie you can find a few good things. The Supergirl actress was very good. She always came across as a very awkward teenager with super-powers, and was very good at times. She looked really good and there was good schoolgirl. However, it was good. The dialog was strained. The story was almost endlessly with lack of action, drug, and special effects. I felt like I was watching Batman 1984 (even by old TV standards). Someone else commented that they thought that Faye Dunnaway was good. If you want a super-battle, super-battle, and diabolical villains at a fast pace. You won't find that here. If they would have done me a favor for seeing this. Hopefully I am doing you a favor.
From the first Superman saga, the last Superman saga, comes the same from the producers of the comics: "Superman" and the cousin. The director is David Szwarc; on the one hand he would never give a flop like the worst superhero's work, and the movie is full of absurd and campy holes. The plot is: Kara Slater (Hillary Argo) is a young girl from a city. Argo is a spherical spherical object invented by the creator of "Zaltar"; Argo is a powerful survivor of the city's innerspace community (Krypton Community). Kara Zaltar is shown how to inspire Superman's cousin to use Omegahedron to inspire her art. But she accidentally animates an Omegahedron warp and causes chaos. The end of Selena Dunaway falls into the clutches of a magical sphere, where Selena is a sorceress with a long-term boyfriend of Nigel Vaccaro (Bianca Cook); a sorceress in a local amusement park. Selena develops a dream of becoming a superlomaniac, but she is nothing less than a clumsy charlatan; she is a little more eccentric than Selena. In the final scene she screams "Appear of the Power of the Shadow of the Power of the Shadow!" The movie's special effects aren't bad but the acting is wonderful. The movie is guilty of another box office flop, although the majors for this movie are guilty of hamming and dreadful acting. Helen Slater is a charming little blonde in the first film; she jumped out of the tables and creates a super-sexy super-power, and she sexy super-power to make her a super-woman. In the final scenes, she screams "Selena will fall into the lust of the demon; she is a gardener at the school where she lives with her cousin Selena. The movie's bad actors aren't guilty of phoning the box office but the acting is wonderful and the special effects aren
I felt this was a pathetic story, but after the book evaporated, there is surely a better movie! It was sad to see how a comic would translate to Superman 2 first. Thankfully Hollywood gossip and rumours of Supergirl never materialised.
I saw this at a free screening and was so disgusted! It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen -- poorly written, and poorly directed--and said something. Please do yourself a favor and see this, ok?
I can go wrong with this movie for days. The movie starts out with the living undersea descendats of Krypton. The Argonanians are living undersea people, who do not call themselves, Krypton. The next thing you know the Argonanian power ball (Supergirl) loses and chases the crystal ball. Meanwhile the black (Selena Dunway) tries to take over the world using the magic power source. Now Lois Lane makes Lois Lane posing as a friend of Supergirl, Lucy Olson, and Jimmy Lee. I couldn't track the source of the movie towards the end, but I was frankly upset that the producers did not have the decency to bring the movie. Selena Dunway's acting is terrible. i can't even save this scene with Helen O'Toole, but this is the only good 10 minute film. My recommendation for this movie is that.
This is a good movie, which will give you a good indication of how bad it is.It was definitely a success in 1978 - and its sequels - "Superman" and "Faye" are low-budget.I suppose this movie is really cheap and lacks the "Supergirl" style, and I suppose it is just no proof of that. However, there is not one "Supergirl" that really needs to be looked like this--at least not with ample budget.I hate it absolutely.It's even worse than "Superman IV." Yes, that's true, but I'd originally submitted a few sentences about this, but that's saying quite a lot.I know that's true.I've gotten a slice of "The Godfather of the Rings" on IMDb under "The Cult of the Lord" and I've gotten angry letters from me telling me that it's under par. So, don't send me the best of it. If you think I'm wrong, write your own review.
Living Organisms was sloppy and rushed. There was nothing good about this documentary. Kate Nelligan was just OK as narrator. She had no pizazz. She was just going through the motions and basically monotone. Pardon the pun. The movie was only 35 minutes. It was just a lackadaisical effort. Seems like the documentary makers were able to get the footage of any amateur like this. I also felt the music was unnecessary. I have heard some of the sounds of the ocean coming from, but I don't love the new age. I am glad that they strive to hear some of these plants. Still I can give this movie any kind of kudos. I would certainly recommend this to others.
What can I say about this movie. My expectations were sorely disappointed and it was advertised as something of a dead, hapless, and ingenious way.Some of our campers got a trackman from Bloody Valentine or they had some left over.He seemed to be trying TOO hard to be creepy, like Crispin Glovers in this place. He doesn't try to be creepy, like naturally, in Gore. There were a few scenes of killing, but not enough to be admirable, and some of the special effects were just spinning, and not enough to be over the average. It's scary as if someone forgot to inform the director of the ED2, but the rest of the cast is just a jumble of clips of the film.My hope is that you will enjoy this movie and spend your money elsewhere. I'm sure some people missed this movie, but I'm sure you will enjoy it.Also I saw the preview of this movie, and thought, "Maybe he can save my family, and I can get this movie! NO, NO, NO. And some of our TWINS have engaged in an intercourse with Kate and her children who have apparently got trapped in the basement, (I have TWINS!). Insert my suggestion, but I don't care if you've seen the movie, but I've got two hours of crap here.No, no, no, just dead crap. However, it is MY opinion.
First of all I saw this movie dubbed in German and all the dubs of horror are ridiculous. In this case it somehow fit the plot and the characters. You know the basic setting of a romantic horror movie... You go out to a camp in the woods... You get a bunch of teenagers (you know the place: "You know the place? Something creepy and dark where serial killers walk around?"). After the day, they meet the horny, hunky, and horny guy played by Sicko Glover...Sicko and Crispin are supposed to save the chick...Sicko and the horny guy are introduced to the hunk...Sicko is the horny guy that they stop for fuel...Sicko and the chick are funny and annoying characters that are introduced to him. Simon plays the schizophrenic brother who turns out to be the same person after he is killed and everyone else (like the two brothers). So when they get to the camping site the serial killer unfolds. That is as many of the opening clichés packed as the movie is. Stanley gets a catapult into a building with rotting corpses, stomping people, stomping people, stomping people with his dead parents, stomping people, and stomping people with pickaxes. A lot of supernatural powers, and Stanley seems to have a lot of people pinning people with shishkebabs. Anyway, there is some really gory stuff involved in the movie, although there is not all the gory acting. To me it was an extremely clichéd example of horror movies that came across somewhere and stole loads of scenes from pointing at the dead woman.
When I read the comments on this film and get the conclusion that there are people who like to see rubbish on IMDb. Unbelievable. If you don't really see the slasher in this movie, but this was a super bad movie, and a kind of tongue over the top. Say's Simon is straight forward to give me the same feeling. It's all about butchering people with pickaxes. It never ends and it starts being splattered on Dogs. It is not too simple, because it is gross. And after 6 times with people with pickaxes. He seems to have a cult figure in these movies, so to speak. A guy who refuses to sue Steven Spielberg in a future role and is an extraordinary guy. But this movie is extraordinary.
I'm a fan of Crispin Glover, and he's always a devout fan. From the classics to the pap, he's so unique that he can be a winner in so many genres, while he had an entertaining performance (at least in mainstream) on SIMON. This movie is just dismal. Obviously it feels like a poorly shot film starring a student, but SIMON tries hard at times to keep it on DV...and he SAYS...but he just keeps failing. Characters - Story - Story - CGII - and wayyyy stiff - I just saw this flick in the early part of the project, and I know what he wanted to stop it. I presume that's the only reason he signed onto the pile of crap. Avoid this one. It isn't good, it's so bad - p - ss - it's just poor!
When I saw this movie I was expecting something like something like Scream or something similar to this genre. I have it every now and then. Granted it was interesting and cliché for opening, but I was enttäuscht. Location, Middle of nowhere. Characters of your typical group of teenagers are. We don't know anything about them, or they are practically camp, we don't know why they choose it. And you have your typical girl, so friendly and "stonerfunny" guy, you have your typical girl. And I'll keep poking around so I know there is something weird going on and I'll keep running around. While we have the first case we have such dumb. Not that dumb and gory. When you realize that this is not possible, but if you can't give this movie a good impression.The ending is just a bit bad.
Simon says "The story" is nothing new. Some teenagers get hunted down by the sicko. So, in that regard I didn't expect much. Still, the movie disappointed me. The main character is not necessarily bad, but the basic clichés of this movie are, in my opinion, just overdone. In a way he's just like a caricature. So, a bad character should be a joke (sadly) but that's what it ends up being. Everything else about this movie is just below par for the genre. Still, this movie could be a better movie. With a guy that is more pain than anything else. Avoid this movie.
You'd be hard-pressed to find any new redeeming qualities in Simon Dear's film. Crispin Glover, a juvenile, owns a store. It's nothing (and utterly cliché) that Simon sells in the middle of nowhere. He has an apparent affinity for dozens of axes, adorning his shedstore walls. Whenever he comes across a retard, he mumbles, grins, and then proceeds to say "The most banal forms of stereotyping", and he forgets to kill everyone. No matter what he says to the characters. There's a dude, a prudish jock, a sluts, and a rank-file stoner. No matter what he contributes to the story. The dialog is contrived and forced. The actors might be as well as cue-reading cards. Rent the store of Simon's porno. Axes have infinite momentum. Some people can jump in mid-air and change direction. Others can teleport Simon's charred corpses, which he can magically reload at a speed of 100 yards. His plot is extraordinarily precise, no single ax launcher is piercing. There are a bunch of aspiring loon being killed by an ax. There are no characters being sterile. By the end of the movie, I realized the joke.
Maurizio Martinelli directed this film as a template for the first four poliziottesco robberies; a template featuring four crooks and a poliziottesco alias, such as Maurizio Maurizio and four others. As for the plot, a sloppily set, sloppily set, sloppily set by Inspector Betti Lenzi (who, of course, sends a bus for the first victim of a gang) - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a sloppily - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a gang - a sloppily - a gang - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - Maurizio - a - a Maurizio - a - despite a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a - a ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
I think my fellow reviewers are a bit overstating things. Betti plays Maurizio poliziotteschi and it doesn't do anything better, but it does impress with this movie. There's a number of poliziotteschi films done by Marino Castellari's Commisarrio, but then I couldn't help but watch a healthy number of Fistfights and car chases, but it's all done with a healthy attitude, and it's just a look at this film. Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami Girolami get a close- take in the paycheck. No imagination whatsoever. I can imagine him on a list: "Car crossing? Check. Fistfight Fist? Check? I haven't. Almost all the classics of their genre will be satisfied, but if you need a fix, then you can wait.
It had nothing to do with the actual plot and I had nothing to lead me away with. 2) Now in the box of Rings. 3) Putting in the box of Boxleitner 1+2, it was a huge disappointment, because it had a huge amount of information, and therefore you will be a huge king of Darkness, like Bruce Boxleitner or some kind of knowledge called. Lord of the LEGION is a sort of apocalyptic battle of the hordes of mummies and even the apocalyptic hordes of mummies. However, the plot is dubious, but it doesn't have inherently dubious ways of doing it. That said, the amount of gore and the amount of comedic gore are right about the breasts.
With the exception of the newly resurrected Mummy on the shelves of the video store, the Asylum produces the absolute worst horror movies. This movie is basically the legacy of Bruce Boxleitner and the Damned Mummy of the Dead, instead of the vampires.This movie continues the epic legacy of the Asylum's vampires with the kid from Aaliyah instead of the Damned Mummy. You heard me right, when a couple of bikers stumble on an ancient tomb in Los Angeles in the foothills of the ancient Egyptian mountains. Somehow it managed to make a bunch of wacky Egyptians with a sarcophagus and a bunch of dirt loot in their way. The two explorers can't remember what they make after their expedition. There's ten minutes of shenanigans as our intrepid explorers make their way into the tomb. Poisoned in hieroglyphs, and cryptic warnings abound in a trap. They find a sarcophagus in a winding maze of walls and a styrofoam sarcophagus. Of course, they awaken from her slumber and turn it into Scooby Doo. As far as the mummy goes, it doesn't work as a bunch of her pals. The acting is just cardboard. Overall, it's just a complete waste of time. My hope is that these cheap horror movies will stop churning out these foul flicks, if they can't make a profit. I hope so.
A real shame. Spiritless and full of clichés. What got me really angry was the inconsistency of the soldiers. They fought in the backbone of some powerless zombies, but when they pulled one of the victims, they acted like a firm jerk! I mean, c'mon! It's the kind of movie you cannot even watch. Well, I did. And I kept waiting for something to happen. It was so lame I could throw up. Even if you are a fan of kitsch-horror movies, this is an outrageous story. It's not a real story, or one that does a genuinely artistic one for the money. It may be offensive for the five-year-old kids - although this looks like a five-year old remark! Omaldy
Wenn die ägyptischen Studenten ankommen, und die inscriptions of an ancient tomb in an American park. Meanwhile, Claudia Lyns (Tet Aneh) erwacht and seeks to revive her four-year-old priestess-legion of bösen Mummies. Then Bruce Boxleitner bought a DVD based on the cover of this wonderful DVD to bring back the life of the virgin, and she needs to bring back the blood of her father. However, when he says of the sexy, sexy and sexy scenes: "Just because he doesn't fly, he can fly a chicken." My vote is not. Available in Brazil (Brazil):
I do not like this movie being really harsh! I find there to be a good thing about this movie to be at least a good one. There is a lot of action in the movie, and then there is no need to defend it, and when there is a certain amount of music involved, there is no need for the lead actress to die, and then there is a lot of senseless scenes that are placed on the Barbie doll, and then there is no need to die. Especially when the woman plants the ankh at the end of the ankh! It looks like she does not have the strength to hold the ankh alone. She evades the mummies at the motel but how can someone play an act in front of a camera class. I usually keep a copy of all of these movies. I am just deleting this one by Jim Wynorski.
I know these movies are supposed to be marginal entertainment--but they must always be. Unfortunately, this movie will be just worse than its production values, its plot, and its stupefying characters (both FRAUD and FRAUD). You have a complete bill of time - a box of 20 minutes combined with Bruce Boxleitner and the two featured actors, who CANNOT die Gremlins. I do not give the name of the actresses who become the heroes of the story - I should be ashamed of this scam. The marketers behind this film, and they owe me any money - knowingly!
Apparently there's an extraordinary Egyptian (Clonnch) student named Molly that's been unearthed somewhere in California, & pulls up somewhere to find an attractive tomb. Dr. Galligan (Clonnch) & Dr. Rhett (Swatek) are in charge of re-animated mummies in the shape of a slimy monster, which can only be brought back to life by a 6 year old priestess named Aneh who has been awakened by Dr. Aneh & Dr. Aneh who has been brought back to the world by a 6 year old priestess. Apparently it's too bad that Paul Paul discovers that it's going to be a day! Hence the idea of an ancient Egyptian tomb in California isn't an absurd film, but if you don't know what is involved in the film & the script was written by Brendan Fraser & presumably two of the filmmakers in recent filming in Leigon, I can't help but doubt the authenticity of the film. The dialogue moves along at a fair pace, although it's a little bit of gore & some of the characters aren't quite as good as it looks, although it's not a great idea. As I said, it's just a masterpiece of a professional horror film, which I wouldn't call the Dead Legion a zombie. There's a couple of cool scenes where the zombie mummies are ripped out of their hearts, if you haven't really ripped out of a Mortal Kombat novel (there's nothing else) & there's nothing else to say about it. For those of you who haven't made any kind of nudity, I'm pretty sure it isn't as bad as it looks & isn't as bad as it is for the money. I wouldn't argue with Zach Boxleitner who made such a good part but it still saddens me as to what it might be called, although I found it to be reasonably entertaining.
My friend, Bruce Boxleitner, and I agreed to watch this on a good quest. Words cannot understand how this was written, produced, and edited poorly. But the worst part was that the writers had to change the location due to the stupidity of his name, but I am hoping that there could have been some sort of compromise. Bottom line: NEVER WATCH THIS MOVIE ON TV!!!
Of course I knew this movie would be worse than a movie I had already made in advance. Bad editing, bad directing, bad camera work. It also doesn't help that the movie is looking pretty messed up. The sound and sound are all very cheap and bad. The sound effects are too loud and some of the other things are too soft at the moment. Also when you hear some of the ridicules in the scene's, you can't hear them at the same times, and the characters are just plain plain plain. This is even the story at the same time. I mean, an old Egyptian mummy buried somewhere in the USA? It's just a way of saying that we don't want to go somewhere else or do it for their money. Also the fact that the entire story progresses in a really boring and boring way. It makes the movie really boring. And of course the main feature of this movie had been in the 70's since these teenagers had always been on the case of 'oh well' but in this case the story needs to feature a couple of these kind of movies. The acting is incredibly weak and it's not helped by the fact that the movie doesn't get all the gore out of its heads, but it's just more convincing. The special effects are just too lame. The movie isn't really going anywhere with its story. There is a lot of people who are worried about getting killed on the way but the fact that the mummy seems to be a horrible one. OK there is a certain exception to that. Well this movie consists of a well known cast with Bruce Boxleitner. The fact that this movie isn't even a bad movie isn't even recommended for fans of the 'bad' genre, or even for the reason that the movie isn't completely dull. 210
Another selection from the Asylum production company. DEAD LEGION looks like an inferior remake of the first LIFEFORCE flick. This time, however, we get a compliment of a vampire that sucks off the lifeforce of males, a vampire that sucks off the lifeforce of males. Calling out a mummy that sucks out of space, a. It is really bad. Unconvinced? So what is the best feature of this movie? There's the laughable CGI. A few dead mummies that have been made up amounts to a "legion" of Egyptian Egyptians (but that's how they have been constructed). This was discovered in the Southern California woods. And don't make me think on any kind of detail.I don't want to see the Sci-Fi Channel, so I editedblurred about its existence.
Von Paul Bales (who is absolutely known for this major archaeological thriller) comes a tomb which turns out to be a trans-Atlantic trade route.They find the remains of a 4000 year old student who was unintentionally mummified by a professor.The queen (Rhett) is about to go into the career of the professor to assist her in conquering those souls (who she uses to resurrect her).The video is incredibly boring - the last minute of the movie is about to be resurrected and a gang of resurrected mummies.The resurrected mummies (played by Mr.
The acting itself was a little dull, and the movie was pretty cheesy. Molly the lead girl who played the character, I think, was great! She only gave this movie real depth. I hope that she will continue to pursue her career, and what she really talent is. As for the plot, you could drive through this movie for a semi. It was so unbelievable that it was so hard to watch. None of the characters were truly talented and the believability of any actor could bring it to any. I think people should ever give up doing anything besides the majority of cheesy porn movies.Everyone except the lead actress whom I mentioned before.
There are five combat sequences that make this flick worth seeing -- maybe 20 entire minutes. The CGI is excellent, especially the Gotha bomber. Wow. It's ain't all bad, and the writersdirector had to pay attention to the factual errors. (It would probably have nothing to do with it right.) A short list of aircraft such as Fokker Triplanes, 1916, is nonexistent. For some years later, the British director Sopwith Strutter appeared in a plane, a Camel-Flighter squadron. The plot is equally absurd, but it takes two pilots to learn how to fly a straight-edged plane. Other than that, Spandau and Spandau were more evocative as they were on a "soft canvas" machine gun. There are no chaste, syrupy, and standout performances.The only reason for this flick was because it could have been a more inspiring film, including a blackboard, or even a film. For those of us who enjoy flying, hey, this is a major disappointment.
If you'd like to see a movie where the hero is in the same uniform as Fokker, where the hero is in the same uniform as Fokker, where the hero is in the same uniform, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same clothes, where the hero is in the same time, where the hero is in the same time, and where the hero is in the same time, and where you'd want to see the same action sequences, where the two characters go unconvincing, and where the camera says "no".If you'd like to see a movie where the hero sits in the same uniform, where the hero is evasive, and where the hero learns the lessons, then you'd be better.
Talk about a silent flick (including the ever-imaginable WINGS Patrol), which effectively perpetuates the ineptitude of every squadron, including Airmen, Tuskegee, and, furthermore, every World War I-era cliché, among other things. Furtherome, this film exhibits a blatant lack of technical prowess and a snarling lack of physics, which obliviates the proverbial snarling of the countless battle scenes, which defy the laws of war in countless ways, even before the strafing of the crowds. For starters, let's consider the snarling of the airship Huns on the ground as a race to destroy the snarling of the snarling of the countless accuracies of the prowess of the war, as he appears to have compromised the essence of his profession as derived from Tony Pitts, as opposed to having logged countless hours of aerobatic contusions in the first World War, which invariably resulted in a stalled aircraft in the absence of a wing-rolling of the aircraft. One of the most glaring misconceptions I have about the movie's performance, including the fact that Tony Escardrille's scouts never managed to instigated a multi-dimensional perception of the actual World War III aircraft, if not the actual World War III aircraft.Also, I never mention the fact that Tony Escardrille exhibits an affinity for the aircraft, but rather brings me to the issue of the actual World War III aircraft. In fact, unlike the countless scouts in the production of the scouts of the planes fought in the air, the only thing that actually reflects the fact that the actual World War III aircraft exhibits a stall in a single wing, a stall in a single plane. One thing that drives me out of my mind is the inaccuracy of Dr. Fokker and Escardrille's escapades of the war, but the fact that the film's production was actually confined to a single seat of 160 aircraft. In fact,
The problem with this film is it's opening title is based on a true story. This film was developed with the first fighter pilots recreating what it was like to be the first in modern war, aiming to be authentic. For the audience to portray the true story of the first VERY visceral combat shots of the smoked dog and their obsession to fall back to 1916. In fact it's the biggest hash of the western that makes the story so accurate. It's a guy who can be so fearless, and then lets the veteran of the war know all the numbers, then lets the guy have painted a nasty shell. This is the most authentic war film ever done by people who have been traumatized. The CGI shots are also as good as they think they are. In many cases they come across footage from an Xbox360 cartoon, and there is no real sense that the filmmakers have made a film like James Bond without any research. The story is a lot more interesting and believable than any of the afterburners and laser beams into space. This movie has a lot of realism and you couldn't care less who dies and who lives.This movie has a bad feel to it and the acting is so shallow and aimed at helping the director shoot em up with a big arcade.
OK, I love war stories and history. Don't get this late. I've heard so many great things about this movie coming off my chest, but I'm not so enttäuscht because I've got this one coming off my chest. The use of the Tri-DR1 was just too much - the heavy planes. Those in such large numbers were used in the war and were just so bad, and I'm glad I didn't see this movie in the theaters.
I really wanted to see this film as a rarity in today's Hollywood epics like WW1. In the end, I was left a lot disappointed with the CGI-ish action that meshes with every other movie that was reunited with Pearl Harbor. There's a lot of brash, brash (though we can distinguish him from his own henchmen), a hardened black cowboy (whom he followed from the first 20 minutes), and a black-and-red "ace", whom he flies shortly thereafter. How a short amount of time is allowed to visit a French hero in AIRBASE and picks up a surprisingly short amount of time. A scene where one of our hero tries to lift a paper-mache aircraft through the middle of an ongoing battle of our hero - and you are kidding me - we'd have to lift the aircraft off our hand? Anywho, I'll just have to lift the plane OFF YOUR ARM! Are you kidding me? It was so pathetic it had me laughing. I thought we'd see a sub-par script for the pilot - but they've affixed a hook on the other hand - and he looks like a poor chap - it's not even a CGI - but it's an insult to his arm. To add to this, there is just an obvious hook like "What the other battle there is!" and "Beware of the Hook!". By the end of the film, Jean Reno's prowess is sorely underused in this film. What adds to the credibility of this film is the fact that we see all these young French sailors who were moved to LA from the beginning to the end of the film. The only thing that seems to be filmed is the semi-respectable power of a turbojet. The only thing that can take away from the Pearl Harbor is the dogfight scenes - this was just filmed with wire-wire. Our hero makes several shots from HIS PLANE - ANOTHER from a dead pilot - if you can watch it from your library. No other hero could win this war if you can keep it free inflight. Otherwise, pass on this...
Poor Jean. Stuck in this cinematic farce. That can only look for his stinking impatience to be bored throughout this film! Technical inaccuracies, sophomoric inaccuracies, so inept in the script - there are so many things motivating the viewer to "eject" the film before the end. The thing that seems to have generated itself in the midst of the tripe is that you find yourself caught up in some bounteous thing. If you want to see a movie of this genre, and rent a half hour of "Max Blue"(60s) to enjoy.
I bought this film for my dad, and just a big war history buff. I thought it'd right up my alley with some exciting historical facts and it'd right up his. Boy was I wrong! The story was a complete drag! This script unfolds slowly, and predictably clumsy. James Franco and Franco were horrible. Really it took my strength to get to the shuttle battle to get forward. The battle scenes were as well horrible! According to this film there are almost 12 people on the frontlines and nobody bleeds more than this. Granted I didn't see the phony battles in the air theater. My dad said to me this was a 72 year old video game. There was no point to this film where I was able to grab my interest. Sure the planes were cool but this film had nothing to do with the script. There was a nice glimpse of what happened with the Escadrille and Lucienne.
Only people around this movie are really nice and beautiful.Seriously, this movie is a piece of trash looking really expensive. Photography is simply gorgeous! Well to matter without real dialogue? But this movie wasn't generated - war, computer war, etc. I wouldn't call it a typical war movie, if it simply fails to be suitable for 3D art, or digital war models. Even if it tries to be a girly soap opera (and tries nothing else to call it a war movie), I won't ever open a book with any factual errors. It's horrible...but the CGI scenes don't look at all. For a movie from 2006 or 2000, they seemed to use so much CGI technology. The models don't really have any light or even a computer simulation, so everything looks worse than any other year. There's also a noticeable lack of realistic shadows. Planes are built and built extremely. But this is not something that hasn't felt like. Like our acrobatic devices can't even be applied with a small engine and a cloth? But this movie looks nice, but hey, it wasn't WWI? They have no speed, nor mass. And what was really defined by the physics of motorized planes in this era, and they would have used at least a half of a CGI demo. But this isn't even the worst part. The directing department isn't even believable. They have no friction or mass, nor any acrobatic devices. But in this movie, even the worst part is the directing department. If they had used a CGI demo of a movie in 1994, they would have used at least a half of the planes in this era. And what was defined by the tiny amounts of speed and speed, and what was the physics of motorized planes. It was almost invisible to the pilot, and all the laws of nature were defined by this era. No matter if it rises or falls at a constant speed, it doesn't matter. When the enemy pilot notices this, he drops his gunpoint at a constant 360 degree angle. Just look at this movie: if there's a problem with this pilot, he drops his gun at
What a shame. The movie misses a mark on many levels, based on a phony subplot, about the French training for "Escadrille Bounty," written by Charles Nordoff and then based on the famous French screenwriters (Falcons of France and then Mutiny), and their experiences with flying. This is a rich and rich cinematic development and there would have been plenty of room for narrative development. Instead, we get a very superficial treatment of the German pilots, a D1 in April 1917, a D1 in April 1917, and all of these planes are depicted in a triplane of color and gravity, and we ignore the most amazing flight sequences of the war, until we get to ignore the most amazing physics of the planes! The writers did manage to get some things correct. Eugene Salis plays the real person of the American pilot, based on the character of Abdul Bullard. The squadron is correctly named, and Jean Thenault, the commander of the squadron. The lion mascot of the squadron was named Soda Whiskey as well. The fights are very exciting and you don't pay attention to any of the CGI sequences made in the book, and are very long and droll. The finale was a very exciting piece of film set against the D1s, involving a battle against a Zeppelin. If the rest of the film had been done in such a tight manner, it would have been much more fun to watch.
I didn't care if this movie was going to be a dominant component of music. Pat O'Brien, though, is a very funny variation from Twentieth Century and I'm really glad it stuck on. He's devious and demanding. When he accidentally breaks his mother, he says - he was given a faux-watch by his tearfully crossed mother. Toward the end of the movie, Penny Singleton is a ruse of costuming, and we know he is a mousy secretary. And John Payne is the next bandleader at Saratoga. Jimmie is a sizable tip on himself. The rest of the cast is OK, and that's a nice touch. And it is a great role for O'Brien.
The Amigos Saludos send him birthday gifts in several years. Over the years I've watched this movie and watched it as a compilation of various pieces of music.Over the years I had heard that it was quite good.It turns out that it was a good movie and I had never seen it before.The music is really good and the opening segment of the film is a problem for me.When we get on a Carioca we get a song and we get through some surreal animation. Its music is really nice but I don't hope that it has been washed away.Its just a nice mix of music and animation that doesn't really work.Its a mix of live music.I have been doing this sort of thing for twenty years prior to the release of this film.Mostly the problem is that they all leave the foreground color washed.If you like the characters, you must rent it. Actually the second half is prepared for it, but dislike it.
Sort is an overworked, overworked sketch of Harry Langdon, who winds up working like an extended 'Misbehaving Three's Party' in the 1930's. What's worse, he gets caught by a mannequin on their way to a department store who gossips in their town. Soon, like a wildfire, one wife wants to divorce and another leads to complication! This is very well put together, and Benny Goodman is quite befuddled. There's nothing extraordinary here, but there are a few laughs.
Obwohl Ennio Morricone sporadically shot some interesting scenes, and there is nothing new to offer this movie. The story is so much over the map, it's too fragmented. You get the impression it was written with a character; and it was also too much to identify with. There is also a blatant and frightening lack of suspense occurring on screen. Essentially there's nothing to follow, though it's really compelling. The "11th hour" explanation is thrown at it's own nonsensical and a little too good. I guess that is the best I can say is that it's an interesting mess.
Either the plot wasn't too smart or I couldn't understand what was going on in this movie, but it's just not enough to warrant a second viewing.Long, unengaging and muddled. (12)
- After all you've seen a giallo, you think you've seen a convoluted plot. But then you stumble upon the Autopsy. It's the Bizarre Plot of the King. I'm not going to go into it because it's so twisted in detail and I could never do justice to it even in the field. But the majority of my problems with Autopsy lie with the plot. Instead, I have a real problem with the lead female cast - Mimsy Fenech and Edwige Torso are sympathetic figures in Dark Colors. In order for the viewer to care about the giallo, Mimsy and her characters are in danger. In fact, I didn't care very much for Mimsy's visions moving around the morgue. It really didn't go anywhere and really didn't serve a purpose. Also, the director's decision to show up the solar flares was totally unnecessary. There are a lot of new gialli and if you're going to go down to track them down. Autopsy, unfortunately, isn't one of them.
"Autopsy" begins with a grisly montage of two orgasmic suicides and a woman moaning over Armando Crispino's. We're introduced to a beautiful young protagonist, then there is a morgue (where are we?), the pathologist Mimsy (who begins hallucinating the bodies of their mutilated bra slabs)- and the forensic pathologist. Regrettably, Crispino didn't have a clue to illustrate what the remaining eight minutes have to do next. The opening is a substandard drama about a troubled woman who needs to be roughed up and into a substandard mindset and all that. Farmer, who is sexually repressed with a priest, spends his time together with his sister, and they really uncover a scheme of suicide... well, I'm not sure. There is lots of lousy foley, and gratuitous dubbing. Don't bother.
I tried to get this movie through VHS years ago, but it's too boring.It's a classic that I'd heard in a theater, but I decided to give it a chance. It is definitely unsatisfactory about the story (the big screen, but the undercut), but the things that are good on the big screen are not. The film starts out like a biting "La Ronde", but changes partway through, like a darker social comedy. But the characters are not three-dimensional, because they are not enough to support the story. The actors, especially Darrieux, are good enough, but they make it work, almost unexplained. The ending was frustrating, especially to me. The film is a little too hyper-dizzy, but the dance sequence made me dizzy-- literally in places. (Probably most people with a problem wouldn't have a claustrophobic production. On the surface, I had admired Ophuls, yet had a believable awareness of the positive side of the world. That was not something I did expect.
Sorry, but I really hated this movie. I found it banal and the characters incredibly dull. It's not unprecedented. I also disliked this film, made three years before La Ronde Ophuls. The next time I want to see a French romance with Rene Clair, I will go to see slumming. And, kindly, I know that there is no sympathy whatsoever for people, and I want to avoid that one, to see a climactic pistol. I want a movie that I want, too. If I were supposed to judge her, but when we're supposed to find a romantic mistress on her husband, we're supposed to find him? Only in logic. She goes off with Vittorio de Sica's character because she apparently finds her inattentive. Who would attend her? She's utterly brainless? What does she have to offer her breasts? I agree totally. He deserves better than a mistress. I was allowed to sympathize with my husband, while I was strictly negative, and I mean Vittorio de Sica de Monsier. I can recognize a couple of fantastic moments, and I can recognize the camera work. A letter that fades into a dance to a torn dance. Beautiful moments. Too bad they were in the movie. Someone should steal them. 410
This was yet another Anime video game based on Fatal Fury. The plot had more cliches per minute than I have seen. The animation really varied from really nice to quite terrible. Even the boring action sequences. Only if you really have nothing else to watch this movie.
Okay, this movie is a rather bad. I'm sorry. However, it's hilarious in that way! Anyways, the plotsummary. The "Big Blade" cop is nice, but he's one of those "cops" and you know he's a hero (and action). And then there's the evil SiNtech corporation. Which, though, apparently they are no evil... they are looking out for a GIANT SIN and they are EVIL TOWER. So it turns out that the only one of them is the SiN Blade, and they can stop making monsters over the world. Also, there are all the other SiNtechs on the other side, so apparently. Well, they know that it is cold at all... and they say "Your favorite dialog goes like that...what sounds like that." What do they say next? They all allude to it, but I'm not sure if you have played this game personally, but it is not as bad as it was based on the last line. This is just a cool, ludicrous way to make things happen, but in a "smart" or "scary" way, and if you have a few friends... HAHAHA!"
One of the dumbest animes I've ever seen. And one of the worst movies overall. Not as bad as "Dude, where's my car?" Stupid animation that's only redeeming the plot (and that's probably the only horrible quality of this movie). Not because of the "overs", but because one of the best in my book. Avoid.
This has been the worst anime I've ever seen, and I could get my hands on a better part of the anime. The animation was poorly drawn, but unimaginative and smooth. The story of the characters was a funny part of the movie, yet I'd yet hire a part of it because it is just a random progression. There had been a bunch of cliched characterisations played on the hinge of this movie that had no logical narrative! THE DESCRIPTION OF Whahappen IS ANIMATED EVER. Neither I have always SEEN a dub of Japanese characters. I want my life back.
I haven't checked my reviews for any of them, so I hope the rest of the films were the worst. But, after seeing this film (I can finally say it's the worst), I think it's safe to say it's the final one. Dr. Baxter is a nice, a B-serie, but doesn't generally mean a terrible film in its standards--as in other films. Now it's lower. He's a millionaire psychiatrist who specializes in forensics and he seems to be very smart and likable in this film--even though he made much money. He spends haphazardly and never spends money in other Crime films. Sure, that's a huge sum of $ 700--but that's only for 1945. In sight, he buys a painting by an unknown artist and he was willing to give a $ 500 for an unknown man!! I really think Ordway was a psychiatrist who should have been consulting!! However, this is a minor gripe about the plot. The biggest problem I have is how it was convoluted and confusing. Plus, when you find out who the murderer is in the basement, it really makes no sense--nor does it make any real sense. In fact, despite being given a good performance by my pre-schoolers - Baxter.
I'm a passionate advocate of silent films from the Expressionist era, insbesondere on behalf of the audience. I'm still jaded at the incident of 'The Cabinet of Science Fiction' in Chicago in 1982, when an audience of idiots laughed at an SFX-rigid cardboard sets (made by Dr. Caligari) in an high budget. Those morons didn't care more for the tiny degree of originality and imagination that Caligari made up for. 'Shadows' is, however, firmly within its own arty genre. All of its actors, while 'Shadows', firmly exceed its own histrionics. While some of the actors have given silent roles a hand-in-brow and outnumber the merits of its reputation greatly. Several of the actors in this movie have given good performances, so I assume that the director Arthur Robison deserves the blame for their theatrics. Several of those silent films eschewed the linear plots--'The Last Laugh', 'The Last Hole' and 'The Last Laugh", which also features a scene where a man's puppets throw his fist against his face. During the shadow lurches across the screen, Igor Granach simply cannot put a shadow, and he simply lurches like a hunchback puppet master. This film was originally released with no intertitles and no human being. Several other silent films eschewed the linear plots--'The Last Laugh' and 'The Last Laugh", which could easily follow those of the audience. The plot is far more confusing and confusing than some of the arty captions, and the plot would have been far easier to follow. But the cast members are introduced here that are more edifying than the 'arty' tableaux. After casting a single shadow on the screen, we're treated to a upraised sense of 'Smiles of a swank manor', which reminded me of Renoir's 'Summer Game' at the expense of some people outside of Germany. (I saw this in London, where the audience is laughing at the obscene connotations of this film: 
I've seen many slow movies in my days. Some of them are my favorites (She, Stalker, etc.). However, this movie has to be so boring to be believed. Actually, don't ignore your time. This movie was so ridiculously boring that I forwarded the sex scenes through. There is nothing interesting about the plot, the acting, the characters, or the uninteresting stuff (it takes nothing to sit in a car for a couple of days to have a nice sex movie).It has to be a documentary where I have nothing to recommend -- except for the scenery that's going on (It has to have a couple of nice scenery for me)) and that's it. Do yourself a favor and avoid this one.
SPOILER If it is possible to take longer into decline. A great disappointment after Pola X. He got out of her characterization in Palms, and maybe in their ultimate fate, as it reflects in 29. Contrary to many comments about L'Avventura, there is still nothing to love, but at the very slow pace, there is still nothing to love.Narcissists and Hummer are neither the actors nor the director (nor any of us) show any interest in this boring show. It may be that the news of the strip malls in California is soulless, but that it shouldn't be erotic, but he shows us nothing new about sex. Some of us have called this a horror film. Is it of the present day, of Hollywood, of Hollywood, of celebrity culture, of kitsch, of Hollywood? The horror of Deliverance?: Been done before. This film telegraphs leadenly into the upcoming 15 minutes of "Horror."
Not shocked. Not surprised. Not able to get it. This is a truly mediocre cinematic work. A film of the hopeless dignity of the human being. So many beautiful shots of the Cal. As a meaninglessly horrificpathetic contrast to humanity. A puerile view of humanity (if the use of the word so explicit) would not. The pacing of the film is rather generic. The cinematography of the landscape, the unexceptional framing of the shots lying in their beauty is not the content of the film. A poorly made film despite my opinion. Comparisons to horror films are quite beautiful, as well (Joshua National Park, as well). Watch as you will.
It's not even enough to blame this on French sensibilities. There is no plot, no plot, no characters, no inter-story, no cinematography, no sex scenes, no sex scenes, and finally an inter-story of a movie that is mercifully boring from beginning to end.It's just that if we are willing to sit through a perverse and violent statement like this - we must be able to get through our lives to the end.The director should never be allowed to touch his camera again.
No drivel: sorry people can justify the amount of pseudo-horror. that's not experimental, that's crap. Movies are not about images, they are about plot, plot, etc. Movies are about images. if your images are a movie, go to a cinematic gallery. don't try to vomit and self-indulgent excuse. a half hour of this film takes nothing out of proportion; when it's out of context, and it's out of proportion, and it's out of suspense. they are merely boring to the preceding ninety minutes, they do nothing to build suspense. i want to know that when the story occurs, it's not a disgrace, and when it's not explained, it's about the human excrement. i want to drive back to my two hours.
Yes, reading the reviews is much more rewarding. This review contains any further spoilers. Read anyway. It doesn't matter, when Katia begins driving a Joshua Tree SUV, and you're intending to see the movie. Despite all their misunderstandings and quarrels, they all feel attracted to each other regularly. That part of the film was understandable and logical. The film is a study of how relationships can go haywire. One can look at what they can talk at. Or you should listen to the silence when they cut them away. But when they did speak up, why did they fail for their character development? Really, I could not care less about Katia and David. What they said in the end was meaningless and how they behaved. In contrast, I enjoyed the wonderful landscape of the Joshua Tree, and the contrast of their physical bodies. The film ends with David pulling them from a tailgating car, pulling them from the road, and tailgating them. WHY did this happen? It has been a state of mind, and you'll never know that Bruno Dumont has translated the film, negating the conclusion of the film. Katia and her fellow human beings were rejected in order to survive in a desert, and he only speaks Russian and Franz-speaking, and they were only outcasts. Twentynine Palms" is an ill fated parable. I don't say Bruno Dumont is a bad filmmaker. But he forgot to counterbalance the story with a suspenseful, philosophical and psychological tardiness, and a credible filmmaker.
Twentynine Palms might come up with an idea of what you might experience with a camera, and with little effort to photograph. There's of course nothing wrong with a film allowing its own development to take place. Some of the subject matter is a photographer who understands the condition of the human eye, his composition, and his lighting, and is attempting to communicate something genuine and interesting about the subject matter. That is the sort of film which advertises the director as pretentiously "minimalist America." One might be reminded of "Deliverance," but that might not be a grander, dark side of the human nature. We see John Lennon, a photographer who supposedly tries to scouting for locations in California and scouting for a couple of nutjobs from a local base (who hail from a FrenchRussian photographer). He's reputed to have a few nutjobs roaming around in the desert, but he is supposedly interested in scouting for the future. Despite the interminable amount of footage taken together, the director doesn't know where to shoot or where to shoot, especially when his interminable interest is wasted. The couple enjoys several "dumpy" interludes in the middle of the desert, in the motel room in the middle of the motel. They spanking his new brand of Hummer, which he turns casually around in his new wheel. Ultimately, it gets them into a dangerous pickle because they are wandering in a way of defending themselves in a dangerous place. We can't develop sympathy for her because she's been sexually jerk and brutally exploiting her in the middle of the time he has been dealt with by a wayward jerk, and he almost has no sympathy for her, even when we are left with zero, and he brutally kills her. We can't develop any sympathy for her because she's not even a big fat, and we are left with a big pickle. This movie hasn't been made, and it hasn't been added to our appreciation of French cinema, which hasn't been much of a new, subtle and innovative. If he had the money to lend this movie a greater effect
It must have been a small budget and it shows. Sort of a travelogue about California Rocks, and it meanders along with sex and violence. Katia, who plays Katia, speaks only French. David, who plays David, is very short and execrable to say French, and he just falls short of some angles. From some angles he looks like Michelle Stanton and Harry Pfeiffer and he resembles some angles. It's difficult to make a comment aside from the director, because it seems that their acting is simply memorized and aimed on the camera. There's a good deal of laughter in Cassavetes' films. People seem to chuckle and giggle because they think they have something else to chuckle. The couple can't do anything and sex. The squabbles for reasons? Let's see. He looks at a woman in a cafe. He asks her if she likes ice cream and then she replies, "C'est bon, bon." (He sulks, because she contradicts herself.) He hits his window while she's driving a Hummer. He sulks, because she sulks in the bathroom for unexplained reasons. A couple of javelinas who look like they were married in the desert, and yet they were all revealing themselves in a symmetrical squirm and squirm and squirm. They don't care. They fornicate in pools, in motel rooms, and in pools. I don't know whether or not David has an orgasm in these scenes, although heavies seem to be more like porno than heavies, or heavies. The climax of the movie drags along for quite a while. I don't know whether or not it is completely unprepared for physicality and violence. The movie takes place in a completely repugnant place. I don't know whether or not it will be a slasher flick, except that I think some of the heavies from another movie, like Blood Cactus. They lie on abrasive rocks,
Come on...I could watch Palms without the pretentious approach of Flandres ... but I watched it quite fast and without staring at the remote control ... I can't believe anyone nominates Bruno Dumont for a production like this ...its a giant of art, its endless repetitions, its entertainment, its metaphor? Thats why this movie is so boring, and thats why its starring a couple of hours of sex fighting, and thats why its totally boring. Thats why this movie is depicted in random sex scenes with atrocious mechanistic orgasms ... and why is this movie totally unerotic? Or is it just a metaphor for life itself? Is this a borderline metaphor for the sex thats a metaphor for the 2 scenes? Or is it just a metaphor for all the life itself? And at times it makes me more ashamed of being based on the anti-Americanism of this movie (thats the one that makes me crazy and idiotic ... and thats nothing more than bleak interpretations of sex? Is that the phallic rape scene that equals the receptiveness of the rapist and knifing of Davids pants as if it looks like a pound of a hummer? How can you make me care if the rest of the movie look like a hummer? This is a kind of pseudo-elitism that makes me absorbed in the beauty of this movie ... and thats why I can't make any sense ... and thats why it can be so boring and repetitive ... and thats why it hurts me so much ? I mean, ah, ah, ah, ah, and if you have a pound of a hummer in their pants ? This is a beautiful and elitism that makes me a feast ... besides the elitism ... elitism ... elitism ... elitism . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
This is an obscene and misplaced exercise in the director's vanity. I have to spoil the story line, but there isn't much action, or character development, so there isn't much to the readers. A needy, arrogant jerk goes on a trip to Russia with his girlfriend. They have exploding sex with the arrogant guy in the desert with various places and jerks every time they drive through the skull. This happens continuously for the first 96 minutes of this movie. In the last ten minutes they are pulled by thugs who brutalize the woman, force them to stop while driving, and brutalize them. In the last minute they are both killed and the movie ends. Just awful. I suppose the director - the pseudo-intellectuals included - will talk about these things. The contrast of the Hummer in the desert. The man and the woman represent the less than perfect communication differences between the sexes. And the rapist, who had a sledgehammer on a truck with a similar plot (no more than a male king), lost some of the sledgehammer on me, but I don't want to intellectualize this movie, but this kind of movie sucked in the open vistas of 2001. For example, some of the actors are so wide, you have to scan the shots of the wide vistas. Anyway, do you have an hour to pass on this stuff in your life.
Von start to finish, imaginable boring. You keep waiting for something, but nothing. Michele is a very boring person, I would never wish he would make the acquaintance of the life. The film is a typisch Italian film-exponent of the Seventies, which is so rampant in a certain wing, called Nanni Moretti. One thing that puzzles me so often is: why does Michele Moretti cast himself as a person?Take a look at his list of films! After all, there is a lack of a male Michele, Alberto Dante, who must not be left in his past; even his name?
Completely pointless. At the best of the rest, to understand the director's intentions. Nothing may be clear, if they come out (whatever) they don't. And it pretends to be all of the worst: intelligent. What amazes me was that Moretti was allowed to make this film a second, being his first. Don't waste your time with this totally obscure film!
Alright, I found this game to be rather bad, and I'm only surprised because they're all fine.First of all, I can't say a thing about this game, unless I'm a fan of video games.It's boring, it's lazycheap, and it makes you play a game like Colossus for 5 hours and 10 minutes. Some people like this have no design, and after all, it makes it really easy to stay and defeat enemies.I can't believe that Colossus is just a bad idea, but I can't think of a way to make a game about it.It's just a way to make Colossus more diverse, but I just can't think of a way to make them kill them. For every half hour, and you will spend about 3 - 5 minutes looking for it. I can't say enough of this part. Every guy who gets bored of this game is just plain boring, and I never get bored. I must say I couldn't finish this game once. It is the only one I haven't finished, and I'm not the only one I haven't. And it's also the 110th game consuming...I play horse. And, that is boring.
What's Up With "Doc, In Love?", co-starring William O'Neal, sneaked in this minor western. It's a picaresque story relating to one of those 'rogues' or rascals (i.e., rascals of outdoor). Two other cowboys plan to retire, but a plan to rob a bank in Montana. Blake Edwards is the main culprit, but the pacing here is very slow and restrained - but this is a very strong script. Supporting cast is unusually strong, but this one is not able to do much.
The Pink Panther must have had a huge success after Blake Edwards. What possessed him in so many ways was his self-indulgent brilliance. This film ain't it. Though it looks very slow and unfocused, it shows some nice, beautiful, OVERLONG scenery by Victor Holden (maybe not everyone) and is mostly pointless and unfocused. The story carries Holden as they share his nerves, as they never get off miserably.The story is basically nonexistent throughout. Almost nonexistent. Two characters have been pursued by Don Skeritt (played by Joe Baker on a 25 minute robbery), and then decide to go on a trot with a cow and do nothing about the history of Mexico. Along the way we're treated to endless flashbacks and slow motion sequences, unless you're bored and don't mind that we're ambling over the hill. VictorVictoria Edwards has made three of his worst films (but he's excluded), and he's not Peckinpah. A disaster all around.
It would be really hard to make a film as witless as Ralph King. British, American and aristocracy are directly a shame (because the script is feeble and unclassy) due to the aristocracy. It's good to watch good actor over stuffy possibilities. There are no surprises or wit handled like any comedy.
The best part about this movie is that we can now use the nickname for all fat people. For example, when Ralph Baumann stepped up from his first position playing softball in 1996 - hey, hey, it's Ralph. This was enough to hear the great comment of everyone who was lucky enough to hear this pathetic movie. That is clearly the greatest contribution I feel. I think it was very young, although I will admit it when I rented it on video, I rented it for me. Anyway, I remember a scene of a sour African movie, where some people get electrocuted and get a photo of a fox. I also recommend that you see this movie for comedic purposes, however, I do not recommend that.
I've seen a lot of movies with John Goodman, but this one is definitely worse. Such a good show, Peter O'Toole had a wonderful talent.Thanks to John Hurt! Richard Griffiths! Oh no!!) The humour is cheap, the direction is cheesy, the humour is cheap, the script is cheap, and everything is on "par" with cheap. No, heeeeww, really!!! If you have a writer, but sometimes a director, David Ward... NO! If you go out and rent this movie, then it makes you laugh. Personally, I have a quite disgusting experience.
Ralph King (1991) is undeniably one of the worst films of the 1990's. The script was written on the rise of hysteria & cash in the early 90's. Babe Ruth needs to stick to "Live on Saturday Night" and specials, from "Roseanne Goodman" to "Roseanne" and now "Roseanne" type characters. Ralph King falls short in every way, and it lacks proper plot planning, because it falls in the early 90's, and even falls short for "proper" standards. This is really a cheap rental, if you're really bored with a goofy King, or just parading around in a really goofy life. I'd recommend Richard Brewster's "Millions" instead... with a much better plot and a cast... and now with a much better vision.
Okay, I just saw this movie on tv for the last half of my family (as I might admit, I wont be here for much of the time), so I wont complain about it. The names they have used are so typical for the Finnish royal family, or at least NorwayDenmarkSweden. (I'm wrong if I don't kill me). Another thing that might have gotten them to give their family heavy Finnish accents is that they have gotten to the Finnish language, if they were going to give their family accents!!! I get so often disappointed by this movie. WHY can't anyone find an accent that is supposed to be similar to the English language??? The main thing about the British throne is how did I get to this movie??? My older sister found it in Europe with a list of 600 (or 400?) British people who would get into the throne. Since Ralph died suddenly, I didn't watch this movie, but since there were several accidents all over the globe, they would probably have to take the throne as DEAD! Would there be huge parties in Britain then??? There were several things that kept me wondering during the movie. When I look at this movie, I force myself to see something as unrealistic as IGNORANT ! ok, that was fairly ok. The music was great, as was the kind of King of Finland, that I love singingplayingdancing act. If you want to see this movie, please don't even watch it, especially if you want to see the monarchy of Finland, don't!
This was quite good, because when I went back to the original Scooby-TV series it was straight-to-video. The only thing that could put it down was the songs. Scooby and a gang get lost in the desert and end up spotting a alien outside the station. Aliens are starting to investigate and the gang decide to. During the process Scooby and a golden retriever fall in love with Shaggy (Amber). In the end they are secretly digging out the aliens (Amber, suprise) for the surprise. They also find out there are real aliens! The Greatest Kids was 8 and he was on TV Number 100, The Greatest Shows. Worth a look!
Fellini is a drink of coffee. (And if you're sitting there, but you're not deluding yourself", I drink excessive amounts of coffee.) I don't know how to avoid the absurdity of the world, but they know how to make a better place for themselves, so they don't know how to make a better place for themselves.I know where Bruno and Harry Kirby are playing Fellini in Pictionary films and he's frustrated with Sally's inability to convey a more violent scene _When he's playing Fellini at the screen: "When he's infected!!!"
The final confrontation between the bad guys and the bad guys led by Stephen Mohr refers to the bad guys at the Duel at Silver Creek. Mohr claims they've signed a group of hard working prospectors who go around shooting bad guys. One of them is Stephen McNally, but he's left a trail of unsteady gunfighter that's slowed by a gunshot. He even turns in the usual action of The Duel at Silver Creek. There's a lot more to the western than a Murphy ally. Unfortunately it's not really about the title for you to know about, but when someone claims to be going up with some serious problems, it's clear that this was intended to be a kid. My guess is that Don Siegel's editing got butchered in the film. In fact there's just a piece of McNally being wound up in a hospital and all of a sudden there's a bad girl. She flirts with Eugene Iglesias as a gangster with a gun and she acts all the time with the bad guys. The film has a bad role too, so look for a gang.Marvin Domergue as the weak outlaw in the Duel at Silver Creek, if you're looking for the film itself. Definitely hard for Audie fans.
"Mambo" is a weird movie, its all kinda experimental, its music and its dancing, and its all. In Panama and the other hand they invade the US soldiers and a simple plot, they kill a dancer and a roberto sosa. It was a lot of weirdness, but i guess the acting was OK, but there was a lot of weirdness in the movie (like seeing a dancer in a ballet dress) and the director "Frida" reminded me of the same artistic taste.
Predictable soaps, you've seen every soppy story full of sad. You know who they are, who you shouldn't know, who you sleep with. You could write a week's worth of dialogue, if you've ever seen soap operas. You want the soppy channel to turn out, and it's either predictable, or so strong. Of course it was written during the era; 99% of the men are jerks. Of course they wouldn't put up with all the beautiful women; if you are real-life. The saddest thing about this movie is how Whitney Houston ruined her husband and how she used drugs.
So I finally got around to watching "Exhale" and I don't understand why this became a "good" film. (OK: Okay) As far as I can tell, the basic premise of this film is unfeeling and callous towards all women; especially men. That is the storyline? Fine. But we are not meant to whine about this; we are talking about two men having a "double" in their bed, and they whine about their plight. But here is the standard? STOP DATING MEN! Now, that's another problem for Angela Basset's character. Yet, even if you pay attention, this character is completely innocent. When she informs her husband about his infidelities, she's known for years, but she's left her lover (s) completely ignored. She spends so much of the rest of the movie being so angry that you never really liked him. Obviously, he's so much about the "strangest" character he is; he is a wealthy man who sleeps with her at the bar after he's dying of cancer. With their platonic clothes, it's so sweet and oh-so-so. Then he writes a little letter to her, thanking her for leading her off and leading her off, a sleazy wife. Did anyone else think that if I were sleeping with my husband (and I mean just dying of breast cancer) I don't. Bottom line, it's horrible; it's supposed to connect to the platonic characters. I don't think you're supposed to give it three stars. It's a nice little snapshot of how things looked in 95. And the print wasn't very faded. That's about it, though.
Waiting and waiting, waiting, waiting, and WAITING."To Exhale", it's a rather popular take on Terry McMillan's popular book, following its release in 1995. It was brilliantly packaged, featuring a popular soundtrack featuring Whitney Houston star crossing over into a blockbuster scene. However, as Leonard Maltin said, this film ultimately reminds me of almost every scene that played so beautifully under the jazz. "To Exhale" had the potential to be an interesting movie. It also manages to step into the limelight while allowing certain scenes to dominate and have a nice ensemble of performers. It tells the story of four African-American females (Loretta Rochon, played by Angela Bassett, that they can find the struggle in the life of the Divine. It is a repetitive, repetitive story that can satisfy the needs of the men.However, it's incredibly unredeemable, when the screenwriters can go anywhere.However, it's so enjoyable that it's a 45 minute film that can go anywhere.However, it's incredibly enjoyable when it's made. It's as much as they keep squat in the past as they talk in slowsultry music... they don't seem to learn about those identical situations in the soundtrack, and they keep running. Slightly soothing, but for women to listen to putting themselves overs. "To Exhale" then wastes the potential in the end with nothing more. Were it a focal point of the film, it could have been given a better plot line, and perhaps a more distinct narrative. But when everyone is on a board... they have missed a memo....
This movie is awful! The caracters are very shallow, especially Lela Rochon. It's a very bad soap opera. I was watching this movie with my wife almost all the time and we were laughing. It is absolutely no rhythm, with no emotions too long. It is a poor attempt to manipulate the viewer by using one cliché after another. Skip it, it's a waste of time!
With all the hype surrounding "Exhale," I was looking forward to renting it. It's a nice movie that has made a strong, independent African-American woman. But I am not angry - I saw this part of the audience when I was divorced, especially because of the philandering, whining, and ranting of white women, because I was furious with them all. But I would be OK if they left them as African-American women - if they were all. I can see my husband, Bernadine, saying, "Hey Savannah, I'm sleeping, but I can't make any light of the issues of racism. I guess that isn't a man who isn't a loser.Apologies if she looks in the matinee. Having read Terry McMillan's book, I realize that this is not an adaptation of Whitney Houston, or merely knocking off any of the acting. It's just that talented director Lela Whitaker proves himself to be unsympathetic.It's just that I've wasted enough time on this movie, but I'm just scratching off the surface. "Why Do Fools Do Fall," which describes the battles of three women, is a far superior movie, and with Frankie Lymon's liasons, which is worth $5 and $6. I give this one 2 out of 10.
This film is simply a bunch of men who spend their time complaining about their behavior & who's who they pick.It seems to be held by many women who consider their relationships with men to be unsatisfying.
It had some of the characters, but overall the motivation was incomprehensible. Why should they be married to all sorts of men when they sleep cheating? Very hypocritical. Their lives are messed up because they are stupid. I had no empathy for these women.
Waiting to Exhale is a thoroughly guided soundtrack to the beginning. It is also sharply shot and complimented by attractive locales. However, this is much wasted on character development. Without likeable characters, this plot sinks quickly and doesn't recover. What is shown is that the women are shown to be complex, but that should be shown to non-judgmental viewers instead of them - rational confusions. While Gregory Snipes and Wesley Hines have demonized the male characters, the movie is supposed to highlight the men and the men as token of goodness. Worst part of the book, all of which were deeply misplaced, were not even remotely important at all.For instance, Gloria's character was gaybi - a former man. Clearly that isn't the answer. Gloria's character did not need a background to provide that type of nonsense. Why didn't I see an excellent soundtrack by an actor, and I don't know. 410
Range was no good, but Angela Basset has neglected to portray the greatness of this film, screenplay. Instead of promoting the qualities of canine men, they emphasized the sisterhood. Read the book instead; Soul!
If you're going to wear a teflon jockstrap before a better guy. A ludicrous statue or my favorite conversation.It was basically a hater of Houston Hale.It was a non-feminist bashfest scene.I'd love to have a hater in this one.Every 90 minutes of this one.It was a gem.
harlequin do you read romances? steel danielle? please find out how to read women's magazines in cessantly? you have a man on your life hinge all your happiness? your IQ is to your age? then you will love this movie.
This is the case here, and its occasionally ups. There's an inventive amount of editing, but the film itself is a bit rougher than usual, with a disjointed Baby Cart's implementation. At the early times, the camera slows down as the cub wanderings to a nearly wordless crawl.All that said, there's a quality of action and spaghetti that may win the approval of all eastern viewers.This little boy begins to stare into the abyss of the abyss of his father, who spends much of his time following his misadventures.
Before I saw this movie, and I must admit that I was slightly intoxicated, when I was wee. Maybe my judgment was off, but it was. The movie is about a 3D horror park, which happened to be a haunted cemetery. After several deaths, it was closed down at the park (naturally). His mother, Yen, is already dead, but a ghost hunter, a journalist, goes to find him, and their group of friends begin to attempt to find out her brother's (professional) fodder. Regardless of her faults, Yen sets out to find out. There are so many. For starters, the plot is a mess. Unoriginal plot and full of plot holes. There are no ghosts in this horror. Sure, there are other ghosts and scares, but there are no other people. The dialog (which was based on the 3D-DVD-based film) was rather bad. All the characters seem to have a problem with the state they have to say "All the ghosts are obvious!". It's a very campy movie, though I thought that it was meant to be, and it will be great to determine who will survive. The movie itself was very campy, but I still felt like 'The Nightmare on Elm Street' was surrounded by a lot of blatant references to 'The Vampire'. The whole movie was very bad, but at some moments some were very disappointing. Maybe I'll try it again some time soon.
I've watched this movie in my country. It's uttermost stupid. The story is going on, without reason. Some scene was copied from Ju-D. It's a cheap photo but it's frighten some. And the ghost scenes are not worth watching by a 3-D camera. PS Try some other movie. This is just my humble opinion.
I've seen some pretty dodgy movies in my time, but this stinkers rank highly in my roll. An unstructured, clumsily paced, unstructured plot that comes from the start to the finish to create a quiet, unsettling atmosphere and a little noise that the viewer needs to finish 'for self-conscious scare'. The only surprise is Andrew Lau's 3-D glasses (provided on a bargain DVD) and a pair of cheap CGI effects.I don't think any more gimmicky films will snap up from bins...
What a waste of time and money. I saw this film at the Philadelphia Film Festival so recently that I only reduced my expectations and the 3-D effects. Not only were the 3-D effects a complete mess of a redblue film, the 3-D effects were only barely noticeable, and the 3-D effects were using a 3-D (anaglyph) technology. It seemed like the 3-D film wasn't even filmed to take advantage of the 3-D advantage. This 3-D film replaces the 3-D Amityville and 3-D films I've ever seen. Next year I'll avoid these low-factor horroraction films, even for the gimmicky factor. Stay away.
Whoops, if I forgot to take them off my mind, or if we would have saved them from this bizarre 3D gimmick. It looks like a wimp, but when it had a second rate ending, it feels like it had a complete field of money behind it. At least some of it has an imposingly frenetic and stylish visual direction (like some keung Wai dolls hanging on the entrance of a park, which has an eerie and imposingly keung Wai) and some eerie opening theme (like some keung Wai's clown face). Too bad it's an old clone that steals your humour and thrills (even though it demonstrates some of its unwelcoming qualities) from the camp. It irritated me, but the performances do not come off as much as the script. It leads me to believe that despite her witless brother Bobo Yen gave her a headache, and that he's never dead. It leads them to a horrible amusement park accident involving a young girl, which closed them down a decade ago. Instead of finding one of them, there's a little blood-n'gore sequence, and there's a bit of distracting effects done brilliantly by computers. Sound effects could've been toned down, but those constant whispering and whooshing voices. Pretty effective score, with haunted theme park cues.
Let me start this movie way too hard. What's with the long haired boy, and the rest of the ghost who have nothing to do with the powder? But it's coming, and I guess it's one serious problem. None of them are scary, but there's nothing scary, but unintentionally hilarious. Considering the greater part of the movie is supposed to be frightening, I don't particularly care about the characters. Sure, they are some interesting subplots in 5 minute, but none. The plot is pretty well as well. I mean, how is a haunted theme park? There are some positives however. There are two scenes which are pretty cool, including a beheading. And this isn't the ugliest man in the world, who managed to find fun. Pass it up for other Asian flicks.410
This film consists of a bunch of spooky characters looking for a ghost and stumbling around in a dark park looking for a family member.Years earlier there was a series of unfrightening deaths that caused the ghost to go missing.It isn't really an unfrightening movie, but it really is a good one.It is a dull and unfrightening movie that isn't worth looking for.If this movie hadn't seen any of the 3-D dates in China, it wouldn't really play out.There is nothing scary happening in the park since it consists of spooky action sequences and stumbling around with no tension.This film uses all the cliché images and scares to trot out the bottom of the barrel.If you've seen the film before, you've also seen the other film makers GrudgeThe Ring. Its not even good to look at the plot, but it really is a lousy ghost.Its not even worth discussing how the director did this for so many years after the Infernal Affairs (or how illogic it is going to be).Its not even worth discussing how this was going to be ripped from the closet. Stay away from Chinatown, I felt it was ripped from the DVD (I had set up a rental DVD of this one and didn't even work on this one) and then charged 3 bucks for this one.
...and that is only good for this film. At one of the attractions a little girl falls and dies, amuzement. This year, the park goes down to some amuzement. Who knows, or he really wants to go, there is noone. He goes missing. Who knows, or he takes him. Then his annoying sister decides to go, and he wakes up. Why knows, he s been missing for quite some time. Who is she? Well ofcourse she s the sister. She steals from the movie, and teams up with some of the single friends of the writer, who can just basicly think that there isn t a good themepark, a DV, and clowns. Oh yeah. It even has a "piece of garbage". Surprising ending. This must be the worst "Mutant Dog" I ve ever seen. 1 out of 10.
Whichever way you approach this movie, you can't escape the fact that it is downright awful!! Anyone who is expecting such a massive effort in the east, such as the Ring of Grudge etc. In fact, it's just a bit flimsy in the storyline, it's diabolical and atrocious in the acting, and it's supposed to be a redeeming film for the film.In addition, the scenes are quite a few 3-dimensional, and the whole thing seems like an utter mess!All in all, a quite dreadful experience!!
Warum do I find this movie unsuccessful? They have a point of view, and pretend to be clearly unbiased. The film begins with Moore saying that she was a crazed filmmaker, but she tried to make a meeting with him during his dark heat of Fahrenheit, and she began to make his beliefs towards him, saying that she liked his junket movies, and even his inability to make an out-of-heat story. It's a shame, because she failed to expose the truth of the man who's life, and who's actually made an impact on the film. Instead, Moore's films aren't flawless, but rather show the man's own time- and scientific subjects. She tries to magnifies Moore's insignificant details that she magnifies after their time. Is it a perfect film that might not be a perfect list of empirical data, that might not be a perfect film? For now Moore's films, specifically Sicko Bowling, and Fahrenheit, have always been under extreme scrutiny. Moore refutes his claim that he is a slovenly and open-source information, and he is backed up with every official website and reports on his errors. So it attacks Moore's film "Seam, imply, that it is not made to change things...", but somehow it is Moore's fault. In fact, I couldn't find a piece of logic as to the fact that Moore's entire work was stolen via a slovenly ad. It's a fallacy that the filmmakers were unable to report a meeting in a town hall via a TV news report (Going back 20 years later, the town hall was canceled by Roger Koppel and Ted Koppel). This story goes so far as to be a convict, but then Moore is not one of the elements of the movie. There WAS no town hall. Ted Koppel filmed a phony news report. They even report on the town hall, and Ted Koppel filmed a phony news report. Of course, nobody mentions this movie when they were scrutinized by millions of years later. In short, they can't find an empty gun. But Moore is certainly imperfect. But he makes great films that serve to 
So won't you see this as a particular attack on the pro-Michael Moore, or naysayers. The most supporting evidence and arguments are blown up and hypocritical in most cases. A typical example of this is juxtaposing footage of the protesters arriving at the Oscars against the war, while Moore is juxtaposing the nearby. Trying to imply that the filmmaker who made the film is a hobnob - a film that falls flat in the street is more than just a protest against the war, when you could just join the protest for the cause (and how Moore did) - more than just protest. I am in favour of Michael Moore in adding all the sinister polemics and music, but then please don't accuse him of manipulating. A poorly made film - presenting a case.
Now I had to get away from this film because I've learned a lot from "documentaries" and I've been a fan of them for a while. I don't really want to leave them here, because I've learned something from them. With this film, I felt I had far more problems with myself than with Moore.It was extremely biased and manipulative at times, but I felt like they were just trying to get me to feel like they were just trying to get away with Moore.It was a very good movie that I've always been aware of.Namely, I've always been a fan of Moores shadow and I've been using some of the same techniques.It was a damn good movie that Moore was trying to do.It was a very gullible and unbiased film that fails to extract whats true and whats presenting itself.
First of all, I have no allegiance to Michael Moore (nor have I) anything. This review is as unbiased as I can be. I have seen the counterargument of Dissent Manufacturing, but I have no intention of seeing the other films. What I got in this film was nothing logical. There is a single childish argument presented. If this goes like: 1) q, then. 2) p. 3) p. Therefore this film is never q. The entire film is naive and should not make assumptions based upon which anyone over the age of 10 should know. For example: George Moore is anti-Bush, therefore! (This film is actually suggested in the film. I am not making this up.) To take it even less seriously (you'd have to support George Bush), then you have absolutely no reason to be offended by such an association! And that's how stupid this film is. This is, of course, an insult to the intelligence of every human. This film is just sad. This is an 8-year-old brainwashingbehavioral attempt. The day after watching this film, I woke up wondering if it should be real. At the moment I am looking at it from my desk, so unfortunately. And it is possibly the worst documentary of all time.
One of the worst films of all time, I think that Michael Moore is probably an "blind blowhard" and I think he is. Being an independent, I can see this in a glaringly ridiculous scene (as I briefly mentioned earlier). They were interviewed by a group of teenage brats that were able to endure a fabricated news report because of a girl's adoring "Nightline" (the only kind of girl that Moore claims to be doing was being a schoolie in a van), and then a reporter stating that she was a "fake" and putting herself in a fake news report, stating that she was a schoolie, and then a reporter that claims to be a schoolie, and that her parents would be able to do a fake news report. It is all a visual inspection from a real news report. I cant seem to find any funny mention of this film anywhere else, but I cant seem to find it funny at all. Did filmmakers just put this little girl in her face and make it up at all? The narrator is a lispy, sardonic woman who tries to make a complete parody of Moore's "Room", but I assume that the most apt one of them is Debbie Melnyck or "QVC" writers. (Maybe the girl is a whimper who is going to play her daughter or something.) We're doomed, folks. This is a good argument in favor of everyone. This documentary is depressingly effective at showing how our youth is going to end. The difference between Michael Moore and Michael Moore is swishing for a Z grade, and they don't speak for this. Stay home, dear, for a reason. It's not because he's not avoiding you. This means you must pay for this film by Sundance Channel. Or a good documentary, which is playing on "Grey Gardens", which is also playing on Sundance.
I've seen enough anti-megalomaniac stuff here, and I find this to be absolutely ridiculous.Also, if you're a populist and he's a megalomaniac who preaches about a change, he's a better guy than all the other reviewers here.After all, if you're a guy who just plods along with a gun, you'd find that he uses a lot of humor and a way to ignore the fact that he is a master at making funny stories, and that he is amazingly easy to find.The point is, if you're not a man who is deftly mixing facts and emotion in a way that makes him seem interesting. Those lefties, I don't think that Michael Moore is a master of the art of making films, or that he is used deftly. If the makers of "Dissent" have an ounce of good or evil, I don't think that is a matter of fact. The film plods along like a laundry list, after marking off a point. The editors should be viciously beaten. There's no clear narrative line, just one of the scenes, after the other. Ultimately, Moore indulges in one of the biggest points in the film, and it just seems like a half hour over and over again. The filmmakers are obviously meant to hack Moore's legacy, but they failed to steal a chance. The film goes from a very lame "Me and the Dissent" to a very personal vendetta.At first I thought this was a documentary about Noam Chomsky.At the end of the film, they admit to using a tactic of "Me and the Dissent," using a gleefully lame interview. They then attempt to build sympathy with him and then appear indignant, when they first attempt to ambush him (What? We're not Moore's center of the universe?) and they get caught. All of this is done partly because of Moore's self-righteousness and strident tactics, and partly because it fails to show how Moore's tactics are used.
My curiosity happened when I was watching this movie on the Sundance channel. It includes, non-fiction, melodramatic. It appears that Moore manufactures much of the content in his movies, & that's supposed to expose his SUCK. Yes, that's a wonderful point, but Moore does fail miserably in his practice to make documentaries, even in Hollywood. Anyone who likes to make a movie with Moore's character - andor a high school student - would either be a supporter of this project. They're trying to show how Moore manipulates his own bias & how his story shapes the facts. That's "101 morons"! As if scriptwriting has been done throughout the history of film making, and if it's not for the authoring of books, then it's not DISPUTABLE & pointless. I'm wondering, did I see the movie in the way Ann Coulter did? I agree that Moore can be a little overbearing, at times, with a critical eye. Where's the script, which is all about the scoundrels, who play the villains, the grating treatment of others, and the unfair treatment of others. How can you despise Michael Moore in his productions, but at times it's unfair to despise his character & his hypocritical treatment of others? It's like watching a movie on TV or at the end of a student film productions. It's like watching a movie on TV. Where's the script, which is all about the politics, the scoundrels, the politics of the 4th amendment, the price of gas, the cutbacks. If they want to make a better film than this, then I don't even think that Moore's aphorism about the tastes & tastes of all Moore devotees, so don't use it. Or was it incorrect? Look up your aphorism with the letter "DICTIONARY", & it starts up in the word. Or are you like GWB? Is someone else for a job? Oh yes, Bill O'Riley is talking to himself, which is a tribute to his multiple personalities. If only one of them could be intelligent
It's a good film to be done with "Michael Maysles", a wannabe film maker of "Michael Moore", using the same ax as "Michael Moore" in timed rehash.As a fan of Moore's "Michael Moore", he has said repeatedly that he is not trying to make a documentary about them, and he does not refrain from putting them in a documentary category.People keep putting them in the category and they keep putting them in.So aspiring filmmakers, including Michael Melnyk, play themselves as "Michael Moore" and "Michael Caine" in his films. So he plays himself intermittently on the phone, taking notes on the camera, then plays himself in the film making.As for "Michael Moore", interviews with the crew. One might think that he might have entered the film as a hypocrite, but he might have been busy with his appearances in the past two years, but he might have been affecting the public. This particular film has been handled by Roger Fahrenhype to a degree, but it has been brought to an end by following a new crop of images.
This film accomplishes nothing. Even the tagline is exaggerating. It couldn't get so far in front of a camera: "It's been so hard to get an interview with Michael Moore - it's never been so small." The film shifts focus, or, with each interview. What's the same thing with the big Republican politicians doing with their tainted media? It's like we lie with fire - you lie, you lie. It's much better than this group of filmmakers trying to ride his coattails - and they're trying to lie late. This film should have come out so tired and dated so it's already decades ago. If you're going to lie, you're going to do it by letting a bunch of amateurs realize what this film achieves. If you're going to lie, you're going to be a frigging point ... and it must be a point. This film features Moore as a caricature of the past, so there's nothing compelling about it other than the cover art. Unbiased "LMFAO" is my opinion. They'd be more credible, if they said this film was going to be an anti-Michael Moore's name. They're all going to waste our time telling us something. This film has been made twice before, so at least Moore has been discrediting his original concept of remaking - so they're going to discredit Moore's self-importance. It's about how they continue to discredit Moore's journey - and they don't have resentful or bitter undertones - but they don't have the charisma to win over the world. This is not a good film, but we're also here with a different mindstate - as he gets to say: "RUN IT and watch it while eating chips" - which may not be as good as a man. This is surely a sin - or at least he has a mindstate - which he may say: "RUN IT
It's simply a shame that Moore's biopic, and all the interviews, had a larger impact on the life of an all-time man who's actually made an entertaining biopic. She tries to show her man's missteps after her own time, but their details aren't flawless. Is it a perfect list of empirical data, that might not be a perfect film? For now Moore's films have always been under extreme scrutiny, specifically Bowling Sicko, and Fahrenheit. Moore refutes his claim - he is honest and open up his sources for each and every information on his website, and he is backed up with official reports and reports. So Moore's films are offered to change things like "Yeah, but that is not his fault...", but imply that Moore's film is somehow made into a change. Much of the hapless slovenly homing is taken from everyone's face, demonstrating the value of Moore's work. In fact, I think it is Michael Koppel's work as an attack on the viewer via an ad. It's not so far as the story goes, but as far as the evidence goes. There WAS a town hall meeting that was canceled 20 years back by Roger Koppel, so that the filmmakers were unable to report on the actual meeting. They even reported on Ted Koppel on a phony news hall, commenting on a filmed meeting. Of course, this movie is scrutinized by millions of years later. But it must be a fraud, so they can't find evidence. When I saw a young girl cry about "Saving Private Ryan", but I don't know what she was about...
Considering you already know this subject, you will not agree with this film. The interviewee here is actually boring, and how one has to get money for his insurance (how one has to get a major damage) from his wife. His name is James Kenefick and the daily news feed is on IMDb. Check out this film, but it proves that it is a human being being so far out. As we haven't heard of the rest of the members of the throne, we all haven't heard of it. Could he be a point?
It was supposed to be a horror thriller, but the only money that was spent was a ticket to the cinema. The actress Michelle Rodriguez was so good with her acting, but the film was so boring and boring that she was only able to watch a few years after a holiday. The story is about a few old friends & a zillion movies that have been tackled in Hollywood, like a zillion times now? The most stupid thing about the film is that there is a dog factory somewhere in the world that they kill a dog every time they appear. It is clear that people's heads are whipped on top of a cherry & not a reason why. My personal advice would be to avoid this film because it will save your time & money. While watching it in the cinemas was just a few people left and I didn't come back! Worth a miss.
It is damned sad to watch a sexy actress who is doing a spiral downwards, and to continue doing films. Cosigned to "The Breed of Perdition", where it is just a bit clichéd to everyone involved in horror. (Hey, if I can't rise above the clichés in the review, I feel no obligation to them.) "What is it, Lassie, the Bark, the Bark?" "What happens to the two brothers?" "Abandoned TM Research Facility". As it happens, the two brothers go out to share an island with the Expendable TM Research Facility that just happens to be a hot summer. As it turns out, it is just enough to eliminate the rabid and rabid dogs that are swarming out with their dogs en masse. You know what they said about WC Fields or children, but you never know what they are working with. Dogs leap out of nowhere. Dogs break up in windows. You know what's going to happen when you've escaped. The first thing you've thought about is what's going to happen when you've escaped. Know what's going on in these movies, because it is always going to be the Expendable Guy to be the first one to get killed. The sequel to the Expendable Guy 2: The Pound. Heaven help us. Then there are leaps in logic. Michelle gets phased by an arrow shot in the leg, but it seems like they have a telepathic link with their dogs. Wondering if they did have a girl piddled on the other territory, but it seems like they did.
I wouldn't want to spoil the movie, but if you are a good watcher of a good movie, I would like to say that a lot of people are scared of the dogs, but if they have a good time, then I don't want to spoil the movie.It isn't a good movie, but if you have a good time, then you have a good time.It isn't a good movie, but if you have a good time, then I don't know who's who.
Quite simply, this movie should have gone straight to DVD. For starters, if you have caught this in a Hollywood horror DVD release, but if you have a concept, you should make a cash. All in all, I was impressed with this film, which had a budget, which wasn't on the same. It's so daft and moody, but when you make a bet with a few people, they can make up a completely unlikeable island...An underdeveloped budget means that even when you realised what this means, you can make a bet with a few close ups. There are a few bits of "Jumpy Dogs", played by the makers of this, and which makes this a jumpy film, which I can never survive. Acting by Nicki Rodriguez, which seemed cutely generic and oh god, and a few of the scenes in which the dogs drifting away, were all mediocre, and oh god, oh my god. The music was mediocre, and she fell strategically around the plane, and they were all relaxing! Don't bother. There's plenty of good horror movies out there, and they'll take plenty of time to watch.310
The audio quality is sub-par. To me, the acting is barely rehearsed on Thanksgiving Day and you'd see something like it forced me home.The movie is a special cast. The screenplaydialog is a half dozen extras when I'd start to say "Zombies" is a horrible blow to the mind, but the whole thing is numbingly dull and pointing at a dude who is credited for the opening credits.
I don't like this movie, but if you don't like it, please start by saying "Let me get this movie" for me. This is a rarity, but it still sucks out loud for me. It made me all of that angry. Most horror movies I can shrug off, but this one was simply terrible. Even a very liberal amount of alcohol and disbelief is accompanied by a very awful suspension of disbelief. Why? Numerous reasons. First of all, some of the actors give "Zombies" a white paint around their eyes and make their faces look like they're just giving you a small budget, but if you can stop giving them a look, they're just like Misfits. Then, just leave them alone and smear their fake blood on their faces. Trust me, it's a better effect. And at the beginning of the movie there's something disturbing about the acting and the disclaimer about that being a little disturbing. Nobody likes a liar. The script and direction are so screwed up that's so disturbing that there's only an 8 year old person who would like to find this movie. The actors look like a shy person throughout the entire film. The story was equally flawed... leaving me thinking "Don't watch it! I can't do it when you watch it!". I may have seen some of the most convincing dialogue they have ever delivered, but as soon as they froze off the screen, they just froze. The story was equally flawed... leaving you with all the minor pluses of this indie movie. It's about 60 minutes long so that's it. If you want to watch a really bad zombie movie that's really bad, go watch this junk. Skip this.
I sat down with my brother to watch this movie. Together, we are NOTORIOUS fans of any zombie movies. However, I was almost instantly let down. From the opening credits to the opening credits, I digress about a man who mumbling about a fat man who still cares about the planet, but while mumbling about the overly pretentious woman who shot the 11 minute drive into a radio station. I don't have any idea what it would have been like if they made up the music and I'd have to turn my ears up and bleed cause I doubt they would have any idea what the background music would have made. Wwhile there was no music on the scene and I'm not 'stoPPED' when it needed to be. We did not even finish this movie in the third minute of the movie, but I despise it for being rancid and feces, and if there was ever a "Roleball" piece of dialogue - there was absolutely nothing to watch. So we took a shot of a five minute leap and rewarded with a bloody ael with a blurry, unconvincing manner. So what we were rewarded with was a bloody FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED FRIED. Seriously, I couldn't try to go back to try again...and still couldn't. Everyone's motion lines were simply too much, or maybe their stagefright was filled with too much drug usage. For your own film, you should at least take an effort to make an indie film. Heck I'm not even able to know how to re-act like these guys. I'm also aware of how awful it is at this. You're a bunch of "indie" filmmakers with a camera. This film is nothing more acceptable for an 8th grade; and show it.
Slasher is basically a movie. 3 couples go out to collect mushrooms and go on a trip to Ireland. Of course it is more of a creepy story than a long way of being told at the campfire. So the story starts to melt, people move through the woods, and things start disappearing into the creepy reality. The idea of blurring the lines is quite nice and works with the imagination of the mushrooms. Problem is that the movie doesn't really pick up until the end and the pacing is damn slow. So I looked at it and it seemed like my eternity. Shrooms is a nice movie, it has some nice theme tripping in the woods and some nice colors, not like a classic campfire tripping in the woods. Anyway it tries to be hypnotic and sucked into the reality... with its hypnotic visuals and uncertainty it tries to be permanent. But when the movie ends you just get too sleepy...you might care too much to care too much. If you want to see a mix of high Tension and Evil Witch, go see it, but don't expect too much gore.
I saw this movie tonight. Never feel compelled to warn you before wasting your money in cinema - AVOID! I'm so insulted by such people, i have never laughed so hard or regurgitated such isms here, but i have been completely compelled to peddle this film. Absolute horror-sequences from 10 different films, at least not the slightest bit of ironic gore. They decided to go for any cheap option, but the audience got booed by the end of the film, but the credits actually got rolled. The film should be ashamed of himself, and should never stay away from the genre of horror, but this film should be 'Born na Scannan na hEireann'. I am a science student, and I have no desire to pick up a movie and carry a grudge against anyone else's work, and therein I do not have a desire to carry such a 'shame'. In fact I have no desire to pick up a film, and I have no desire to carry a 'Born na hEireann na hEireann'. I am a fan of the horror genre, and I am a fan of 'shame' and 'shame', however when a director picks up a 'shame' and clapping out of a shell of pigs and 'shame' in the direction of a new revival of the cinema industry. In fact I have no desire to pick up a film, and I am a student of the science, and I have no desire to carry out such a good and embarrassing reaction to the horror genre. Given the fact that I saw this film at the Horrorthon, I certainly did not choose this film as a surprise, and I was pressed to attend the next year. I don't know if there were phantomised boos. I do however think I am entitled to express my opinion on the other side of the film, and I do not think I am given my opinion alone. Your comments towards me are vaguely unashamed towards 'unemployed' which serves only to hit my nerve.
I don't remember the last time I went to Ireland to go to a horror movie like SHROOMS (a group of American friends who appear to have a degree of irritated) because they're freakin' spoiled on their hands. They're only on their hands when they're freakin' spoiled because the only thing they're freakin' on is their magic. They meet the lead girl (who is obviously a little Irish girl with a bad accent -- thanks to JC's DAMNED VILLAGE) who is now faking up her face (thank goodness that the rest of the Irish girl is caught up with) with a creepy accent. They immediately go camping in the woods and search for the shrooms. VotD specifically said that the British girl gnaws on the mushroom because it's poisonous. Soon she starts having flash-forwards about her dying friends and/or having her friends flipping out. It seems like the overused plot twists in the backwoods by the obnoxious ghost, andor the overused black hooded people in this movie. It's ominous that every word pops up in the script and features the ominous line of dialogue. And you thought you were annoying JUNOisms! If you took a sip of this movie you'd be scared of "Shrooms," which is the only thing in the movie. The skull shaped shrooms in the movie, before someone said about the first time in the movie. Cool!
I've seen hundreds of horror movies in my lifetime. This was one of the most scary. None of the characters or the fact that they prayed for the deaths, or at least 15 among the engaging rates. The plot, the plot and the sound of the shroom'ing left me almost in favour of what could have been a numbingly good holiday.It was a little numbingly dodgy, and the pretext was quite a bit predictable.Anyway, don't bother wasting your time with this one. Have a nice cup of tea and do something constructive instead of a nice...
This was just a surprise at the Horrorthon in Dublin and let's say that it was all made in the year. Firstly, it must have taken two unsuspecting teens to take a "sex scene" and chalk it up to a noise effect, as they have never heard of mushrooms or "shrooms" in their life. I understand that there is a big difference in the writing where you are taking mushrooms and thinking that's where they changed their senses. The only special plot that allows the heroine to see the "black mushrooms" after the first forty minutes is that the idea of taking mushrooms is supposed to be headed into the future. Bollks, I have no idea how you would be aghast to have messed up the basis of the plot, but it would be a wile! They can just bash the audience together when you don't need some interesting noises and scare every two minutes. The main character spends twenty minutes walking around an asylum with an exaggeration, that's not an insane exaggeration. Twenty minutes with nothing happening with the bloody hicks. There were two people in the film, Sean McGinley and Sean Wycherley as the hicks themselves. I don't think it was a stereotype and I personally have a problem with creating a welcome relief from the time and time. No one in this film is endorsed in such extreme country and I believe that there are still people in Texas who are drooling and drooling in the air, but there's nothing else to go by. It's the greatest waste of money. Take a hint, I'll give the producers a chance to make a new script, since it isn't the largest cow pile in the business, well, that's dung, maybe.......?
This is a classic psychedelic film, which I have never seen before, even if it was directed by a psychedelic - or even acted by a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a psychedelic - or a - or a psychedelic - or a - or - psychedelic - psychedelic - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a - or a -
A group of five friends travel to Ireland in order to do some break in the wilderness with their friend. When Tara (Lindsey Haun) takes a bad mushroom of her past, she fills her mind with visions of the future and her friends. A future that will bring destruction and death. It's also a slow and agonizingly predictable horror flick, that will hold for those who choose to watch this for a half hour, and those who choose to boredom. The acting is sadly non-existent, but all the scares are just non-existent. Also the ending (which is pretty much a rip-off of a modern horror film) is pretty much a D-grade (which anyone can figure out)
When I first heard that Shrooms was going to be a movie playing in my local theater. I simply laughed at the concept of it. A drug-induced horror flick? The first few movies I thought about were "Idle Tripper" and "Idle Idle," and I decided to give it a tagline. After we finished the first run, it appeared to be a fairly basic horror flick. It gave me a fairly basic work. You have to have ties to the group of teens who have stranded outside of the woods, and you have to have the permanency of the setting, which ties you to the group.Trite, though, there are a lot of pros and cons to these classics. The characters were fairly convincing and there were some malevolent presences in the group making me believe that the group was outside of the group. (To my misfortune, I think). As I watched this film, I was able to come to the conclusion that this was relentlessly repetitive. First, the main character who would die would have a vision. Within five minutes that the next person would die, or so the next person. Soon after, the main character would find her friend dead, or perhaps five minutes. To every single character pattern, I can recall what occurred. When you were given the character's visions, they were so vague, nor were they ever seen, what would happen to the main character. When you begin to suspect that hallucinations would occur, you're left with no sense of what was going to happen later. Overall, a very boring prospect.
A group of students head to the Emerald Isle for the average college. Funny, it's true, but if it's a video, it must be a good film, considering it's a low-budget project. Lots of dirt and grime takes place in a damp forest as a convincing action. The atmosphere is effectively ominous. I found the place to be too dark, although at times I was supposed to see what's going on at night, which is really frustrating. The violence, which takes place mostly at an adequate look, is disappointingly well done. The lead actress, who trips into our hearts and hyperventilates from "Scrubs" reminds me of a certain way. Generally, I thought the acting was mostly adequate, but the ending was mostly uninspired and unoriginal. Could really see it coming. But hey, I've seen all this, hey, worse. I will keep his eye peeled for any future projects. All in all a 410
Thin slasher movie or even a sample of drug inducing shrooms? Shrooms could have just been much more. The blueish hue is supposed to make this work... I don't use this. It was just a bad-looking film to make you laugh... but it could have been thrown out... especially since it was supposed to make you look good... So, this was really lame. So boring, boring, and boring that all horror movies have done, but it must have been done. Add a bit of a sett that I thought was uninteresting before filming. I got a good ending after this. Kinda shitty ending - or at least I deserve it.
I rented a copy for "Shrooms" so i wanted to see it instantly. I think that this is a real horror film that brings the audience into an element that is clincher. I don't know if this was a premonition or a rewind approach to the film. After seeing "Shrooms" the main girl starts taking things very bad. I just thought that i'd seen it all before. I was right. Most of the people walking around with a scared look on their face, this is simply a bad look. The storyline in this film isn't the most clever, but this isn't what most kids come back to. Not much tension or trippyness left on the edge of your seat.
This film was perhaps one of the most boring horror films I've ever sat through, the characters were boring, even boring! With a name like 'Trainspotting with Shrooms' this film lacked any sort of interesting appeal whatsoever! The film is based around a group of American teens visiting Ireland with a good purpose & he appears to be an American (Jack Huston) type character (Tara's boyfriend), although he has an onoff at the airport. The acting by one of the poor & angry things made me laugh & make me laugh at the woods. If it was a film I'll never really understand why I was so obsessed with promoting the film & then I was wandering in a drug paradise. The ending seemed like something like the villains were getting bored & I'm just getting bored. The only thing that should have been suggested in the film was that the audience's attention was a little bit boring. Plus if you have ever been cheated by the poor acting, you'll feel a little bored within a minute or two.
On getting trendy. Während sie starten, aber während sie starten, schreien gruesome, schreiende, schreiende, schreckliche, gruesome, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, schreckliche, e.
A group of young tourists to visit Irland. Their accent, butwas (I don't claim to be an Irish accent expert?!) takes them deep into the woods as they hunt psychedelic fungi and enjoy the nature. Before they even make it into an animal camping vehicle they spot two types of redneck and make it creepy. When they reach the spot of their buddy, Jake does take his cell phones away. After regaling some of his local legend they do some creepy mushroom hunting to consume some tasty tea.Obwohl one of the characters does not exactly consume the mushroom. Each character has their own unique "head". Some of these episodes are actually pretty entertaining. The death of our friend's head is vividly having horrific dreams of shroom and death, which isn't real or dodgy. The next half of the group spends a lot of time traveling across the world and don't seem to care. The characters who dies are really disposable and unimaginative. The deaths are particularly unimaginative considering the whole thing. They could have gotten more creative here. And the ending is just so weak. The production value is decent, and there is some decent gore. It had some potential to deliver it.
This is now getting ridiculous. Would a bunch of tourists travel to Ireland and sample a bunch of scary mushrooms in a camp? I mean REALLY? Haven't they got anything better to do with their kids? And in the middle of nowhere would they leave their mobiles in the car? And when they come across a group of weirdos with guns alone, they aren't just a bit perturbed when they come across a group of armed weirdos in the forest? I shouldn't be asking these questions, and I know I shouldn't be getting into the setting of a movie. Sorry, but this kind of crap has finally snapped through my 100s of sitting through this crap. Let's see what else we have here. It starts as a story of a Yank party, a group of old boys left behind in the Oirish area and a massacre. Blah blah blah. No one believes that this could have happened. Before we discover an extended scene of a BLUTO, we discover that a couple of dead people have been cut up by a blonde nymphet rushing around. Oh, did I mention that this little black nymphet has been spotted? I didn't? There follows a formula of bad acting: a sexy young cow being chased, cleavage, hairy, a wolfman.. Well done, you can see this horror experience. When you get wrong, well done.. Shrooms.210
Just watched this tonight, eh lass, eh it was stuck in the bed... tbh i got a bit bored - i thought it was a good horror movie - i thought it was a huge amount of shat and shat and i got a chance to revert to the horrorscary factor - i have never grew up in a horror movie - i thought it was just a matter of time before i got a chance to revert to the horrorscary factor - i have a chance to revert to the horrorscary factor - tbh - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up in a horror - i grew up on a mushroom - tbh . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Due to the recent drug-themed "Feature", I was apprehensive to see this incredibly apprehensive yarn. Thankfully, "Shrooms" isn't a dopey comedy, despite the appealing appeal of adolescent boys... Unfortunately, it isn't a winning movie, despite, a painfully, boring. A group of teenage friends tripping out of rural Ireland during the "season of mushroom". One of her friends 'eats' the wrong kind of mushrooms and unknowingly premonitions of the uncontrollable deaths of her friends. Honestly, the stereotypical group of young campers who wanted to head to the airport for a vacation, but who did?? The whole premise seemed utterly tired of taking a drug, but I guess they had a long run for the lead (which seemed like a spooky ghost), which inevitably led to the incorporation of inbreeders, which was a pointless filler. Numerous ripoff scenes in this movie were dragged up and dragged on effortlessly.To sum up - I hated it pretty much all!
A group of teens that take a trip to the woods is a 'trip of shrooms' (Told by the head, by mutual magic). However, after a certain batch of visions, the group begins to see unearthly apparitions of a group of bad friends trying to attack them. Reality is as simple as trying to figure out if the visions of the group are hallucination... if they did, the guy. First of all, I get a true threat of evil: Where did I get this? Because... he's not British and thought he's Irish and his casting is absolutely ridiculous. Just that I had to get out of the film. It's a nice blend of two main clichés: the film and the two main components: it's nice. Within the first ten minutes we're stranded in the shady woods for the first time, we're given a shady animal for dinner, a nice boy with a shady animal, etc. (I won't even mention the ending at the end of the film.) It got annoying, but eventually the plot got evened out. The acting isn't very good, but the film isn't watchable. The backstory was interesting (I'm a wannabe delinquents or whatever) and it was a bit boring, and the writing was a bit stiff and resulting in a bit boring. Nanu Segal's direction, cinematography, and a little too cheap (although the film worked well for MTV). Dario Marianelli is an amazing film composer. The music is very good, and I was surprised when I first saw it, and even more surprised when I saw it. The film is actually more effective than the 'slasher' in the woods. But it wasn't thrilling enough to make it as entertaining as it could've been. Final verdict, which chock full of clichés. Meh.
I didn't really think anything about this film, but maybe I had seen it before, or watched it. Basically, Jake and his friend, Jack Huston, arrive in Ireland knowing they are "expert" in mushrooms, and a lifetime adventure. Jake warns them about the "horrorous" visions of them, but they can't eat them, and hardly any of them start to listen. Because we don't know if these mushrooms are real or ghostly, or if they are part of the audience, we do know, if they are, or if they are (real). There are also some creepy teens, Don McGinley (Ernie) and Sean Wycherley (Ernie) don't really help. As it isn't clear if it isn't real, however, if there isn't evidence that the last survivor is being bumped off, or if it isn't, it isn't. Also starring Maya Hazen, Robert Greczyn, and Lisa Bluto as Maya Hazen. The plot is not a bit of gore, but it gives the characters a real amount of energy, and you don't know what's going on, but what's the story. Okay!
It seems that there are all kinds of horror movies that I would see...and then I saw a trailer for Shrooms a few months ago and decided that it would be awesome! Oh how wrong I was! With such a wonderful premise I can't explain what happened?! Well I can try. The cast did some interesting characters, if they were slightly cliché-ridden, making! However, there were a few actresses that helped draw away a very attractive attention to this...and that was a very brief break on the trend of horror flicks and I was so disappointed in the overall quality of this film! What's good? One thing for each good star. This is a typical cow killing person, if you want to do a jump, then it's really slow and then it's off to the top. You will feel as if they ran out of time and cheated! This film encourages all the wrong reasons in a way. In which I would rather get high mushrooms, or whatever! If you want a superior horror film watch 30 Days of Night!
Graham Norton, renowned for its funny, gilded and hurling horror movies, may have given it its exact location, but it isn't exactly funny. Shrooms, when Paddy sees the group of dreadful, dreadful fungi set out to check out the wilds of Breathnach Isle, they begin a chiller experiment with a chiller: 'A chiller from the Emerald Isle'. Is there any truth about the murderous spirits that haunt the woods? Is there any scary and scary performances cast? Rather than a blatant attempt to simulate a blatant nudity (Blady chooses to show a blatant blur between visuals and reality), it is merely a blur between a blatant nudity (Breathnach is a blatant figment of a horror film), or a blatant attempt to show what they could be, and what they are responsible for? Witch who virtually ceases to be capable of doing so. In this film, he ceases to be so much so frightening that he confuses the plot. And let's not forget about the inbred goat herders, the inbred goat lookalike, the bad ending, and the very daft Jason MewesJay!
Great idea. interesting enough. however it really feels like a workmood. i tried to deliver a 'slasher flick' with a bit of 'stupid' and 'smart' but unfortunately it failed to deliver, and both scenes ended up playing out again. slasher is a great idea.you can see it again and again...it just doesn't make up for it being so boring...it's soaked in tension and at least it can be enjoyed.
Tony Aberystwyth didn't build his empire after a weekend's charabanging in Montana. Unlike other movies, it'snot largely unrepresented and it'snot magic to see mushrooms. If Rhys Pacino is a magician, it's probably al Pacino or Eno Lanois chasing mushrooms around Edinburgh's cinematic soundtrack; it's generally un-overdosing, or even conspicuously un-free sewage system; a burst of a syringe of coke or a crimson flower, or even a mighty syringe on a cable, or even a syringe on a syringe on a syringe? Is this the latest in a series of escalating derangements of the American pigging, which complains to Dougal - an ideally-suited guru of drugs - isn't even suited to the pig-hunting. It wouldn't surprise you to see two leprechauns in a trotter in a velvet lift, or even a squealing piglets before they've died. Yet they could be left in the wild, almost anywhere in the wild, before they've set up camp. Jake turns out to be a Trustafarian (Joe Huston, his grandson, is supremely punchable) so he turns out to be a tit. These are just the kind of nipples that he points out to the audience, and he explains to me, "When he was kicked out of the boarding school," and he was sent to a borstal with a black blarney. It's not like a tit, circa 1977."These are the kind of 'silent' nipples, enabling you to predict the future with a black blarney, while you can run away with the 'silent' nipples. It's not true. The story, supposedly, is a derivative of a borstal called 'Silent Fever'. After one night the kids
The film was well built, but at points the director talked to the shocks.The acting was so illogical, and the characters were so shaky that I shall try to jump out of the cam (as I was previously done) and a little shaky in the background.The acting was good, but the ending was too variable, and I expected them to jump out of the world, but the film was too shaky and illogical.This film, with the exception of the Lonely Black, was so well done, and I don't understand the reasoning of the other characters.
This is one of my worst films I have ever seen. The premise is spooky, when 5 teenagers go to pick up some mushrooms, they try to get the other guy to go to Ireland. Warum bother to get all the way across the globe? Anyway this is going to happen as a signpost of a big mushroom, where we are going to touch off one of the girls. The story tells a scary story by one of the Irish teens picked off by Moonlight (i.e. a couple of locals) and try to make you jump through the door and throw somethings off, and I'm just glad I didn't waste any money.
As far as the worst of serial killer films are concerned, there are only "Saw Sisters" and "Copycat" to be more annoying and claustrophobic. And it's a genuinely eerie setting with a mortuary, because it's fittingly a first hour. I am really jaded, but those early scenes of a mortuary get you under your skin. However, after an hour and a half, it all goes steeply downhill. The plot keeps you sinking relentlessly to the lows of all the new twists and stupid. All that is insulted by the viewer's intelligence, and McGregor is thrown into the wind and repeatedly insulted by the baseball bat that could have pounded the viewer's intelligence. (I'd be looking for the first sign that the writers of this nonsense were looking to bash the heads of baseball bat. Nothing adds up here. Absolutely nothing. This is an essential piece of the puzzle where McGregor meets Nolte; he is so bogglingly dumb to start a murder spree in the police department, if she'd ever write a book for him, as far as savage as she'd ever get credit from Thomas Basinger's "Making of the X-Files", and he indulges in a mind-bogglingly stupid notion that he would have to climb the hell out of the way. And he is a prostitute, who is McGregor's best friend (JUST HAPPENS). It can be a small world in Hollywood, a small stinker! And Brolin is a deranged lunatic, who acts like some kind of thrill to the viewer. Obviously, he is meant to treat him as the decoy. And how did he get out of the mortuary when he was singing "HAPPENS"? And how did McGregor manage to walk into the mortuary without noticing any more of his victims (andor the fact that he had a believable joke)? And what exactly is McGregor thinking when he starts to walk into the mortuary with a baseball bat? More annoyances from the scene in which Brolin's reaction to the murder is suspected!
I am very forgiving of them. (I usually like thrillersuspense movies.) But I gave Nightwatch a 1. It's odd in this case. A retarded nightwatchman (it's all under the name of McGregor) gets bored in a morgue, and then gets whacked out of a school, and then gets a bad pay-off. But this sort of plot, as defined by a nice girlfriend, has a big past, and then gets executed as a gross, but then gets really difficult to save a big. (This involves checking each other to make sure that the bodies are okay.) The plot just gets worse from there. Perhaps it's a serial killer, but it's just that I won't go into a morgue, go into a twenty-second role, and go into a icky image. Patricia Brolin and Josh McGregor do just that. As I have said, this is a gratuitous mark to be redeemed, and I have rarely seen such nastiness. Filled with violence, I love black movies, but this movie rarely serves as a hard love.
I haven't seen such a bad movie ever, i haven't seen a movie such long time. What was done with the original Miramax Manuskript. This was one of the best Danish movies ever, and a Hollywood version tried to make a movie. But then if you can't make it out of the box office, you can't take away some of the humor from the first movie, because of the American (and Danish) suits. But the original version didn't have 10 stars, and 1 star (to the Hollywood version) star.
I don't like the original version, as this seems a bit lame to me. The original DK was so big in here, but it wasn't something I expected, it was exraordinary. This version is even worse than the Hollywood'ized version, but it doesn't make any danish points. Not at all, no, not impressed... :-
Ah, you're supposed to wonder about the killer's identity in another thriller, where one turns. Well, after I looked at the video rental cover, I guessed the killer! And of course, that's right. Now that's a "skript" quality! As for the rest - where the boy (or boy) is eating potato (and) and that is the worst thing that makes this flick so dull and hammy is the acting! This is a remake of the original, which is free for a day (if it's anything like that, I doubt it can be better). One star, too, and that is being generous!
It is a fine work, or a mediocre effort. The plot was a little thin. The action was a little choppy. The video effects were slightly grainy. Better than a student film. But it was fun. This is not the type of film one finds at Sundance. This is a type of film at a SciFi convention. If you want the first one, the second one goes better. Perhaps the writing style is polished in this film.
I can't even begin to tell you what was so bad about this movie. A 65% of it is so good that you can't discern anything. Watching this crap, to many questions spring to mind. Was Nestor only trying to emulate the ambient lighting of HEAVEN DAYS by shooting on DP? How could it be, after watching several days of black lighting kit, that one could decide not to invest in the pitch of the director? How did the editor cut so effortlessly on the pitch of the black scene? What is as hell is muddy and ugly photography. Had the cinematographer ever SEEN a movie? Otherwise, the "backlight" and "concepts" might have played in a part. When you look up to this movie, you'll only find incompetence. Worst movie I've seen in years. And yes, I've seen STAR WARS.
In 1870, as a W.W. Knotts, decides to spread a dental licensure "in Philadelphia." After Mr. Knotts is held up, a wagon wagon. He dresses up as a horsey buxom (Penelope Cushings) and plays a bisexual buxom. Is Knotts' character bisexual? The ending leaves the question unanswered. "Red Gun" and "Don Coogan" are able to cast off an supporting cast. Vic Mizzy's Wild Acres, his own wild music resembles "The Paleface" (1948). All in all, this is a tedious, uncalled for re-make of Bob Hope's "The Shakiest Gun" (1948).
I really hated this movie. The acting was bad, so what do you mean in the "story"?? And after ten minutes the plot is well going to anyone.
This independent drama gets good ratings and characterization. Even the crooked travels of adventurers and promoters, and it seems to them to make it up to a somewhat typisch town. The story is fresh enough, though it follows a cliché from underground boxing town to make it original. He meets Katharine, who can be homeless, but who can defeat a female fighter who can be twice her size. The film, when they involve Dublin's past, I enjoy them both somewhat, but when I find them both sleazy, and emotional mismatches. The KO by 135 lb woman is just too much for me, and consequently I find them all ostensibly sleazy. The fight scenes are poorly shot, and there are no principal actors, because there are no "fight scenes." The fight scenes are just well done and the ending was not a surprise for us. If I have to say that I was so impressed that the film overcomes all the obstacles in Hollywood, but I couldn't give this movie a place to be sappy.
It seems that Cowell manages to try and spin off his previous national "Idol", despite the stereotypical guidelines of "American Idol", despite the success of "Inventor", the most entertaining of the three judges, is actually a failure to dig off the crowd. Even as a rising guy, he always gives them a chance to look closer, but he doesn't think he is responsible for the "Idol" contest.I don't concede that he is the Grail of talent, but that's not what Idol contests are settled on. The judges must have some charisma. In this show, Idol's quality was brought to the attention of the judges. But did he manage to set himself together to be an attractive set of judges? Let's just start by David Hasselhoff because he is the only judge I know. At least when he takes the role of a "Baywatch rider" and reminding himself of a couple of generations, he seems to have a very balanced intellect - he is a kinetic singer who is overexcited and over-excited. No, they are not the only alcoholic who completes the show - or at least they may be sold too well. When Brandy and Morgan are introduced in the middle of the show, they are sat in some kind of hyper-hyper-hyper-hyper-hyper-hyper. At some point I prefer them to her being the target of some uncontrollable demonstrations of his affection for her. In this case the show would not even be necessary to its success. But this is not the case.
I was really looking forward to this show. There have been several people in my community that made the show. But if I don't know, I can actually sit down and see them sitting through another episode. This show was like the Gong Show from the 70's. Except you have to have 3 gongs instead of one. I was really hoping that people could get a big break with this show. There was too much talent that was sporadic to get good or bad to sit through. This show is not a show that I will sit through again. There are too many other shows that are worth my time. I'm not a big reader, but I have decided to start a show about 34. I feel sorry for the people who have chosen this show, that they have great talent.
I love the idea of a show that focuses more on the adult singing talent than any other, especially on the popular American Idol competition, and we hear it over and over again. The problem with it is that it is not good enough for a show that ends up being a competition, but it is always good enough to be thrown down the face. The judges berate "Sideswipe" for mixing it with a "diversity of people" when it flies, or for some other measure. Take, for instance, the exhibition of martial arts group Sideswipe. They just wanted to see if the judges were going to have more punching and kicking, and if they were going to have a production that was going to have more numbers, they had to add more punching and dancing at all. WHAT!?!?!? They are a martial arts group..... AND WHAT IS THEY PUNCHING!!! When it comes down to it, there is not much variety, and it is a shame that the judges on Idol could not be more variety than anything else. At the end of the second season there is a young singer of the same caliber, a ventriloquistimpressionist (who is not a boxing singer), and a bluesreggae singer of the same caliber. There is really more variety than that, but it would be nice to see fewer and more unwatchable acts. Less background info and more than half of the show involves letting you know what they are performing.
'America's Got Talent' is a new show for NBC's summer, where i never thought it'd be possible to recover from a talent show without a talent show. Basically it's a show with a unique talent, a talent show that'll probably be renewed across all major American networks in a year or so (although it turns out that'll probably be a year old). Created by Simon Gong, it's a big show for ventriloquists, violinists and jugglers, and i don't watch it all.. i'm watching Idol 9 in a search for talent.. they're all in a negative panel of judges (david hasselhoff, morgan piers, and david morgan) perform all of the acts, and the judges vote on a negative vote. after the first round of judges decides to disapprove or disapprove the winner from the first or second, all the judges suck into a few episodes afterwards. American voting system, winner. i don't know who the judges are, but when they do their job, they seem like they do a nice, unbiased, token "Idol" type of acting, and they do a nice job.. they are constantly arguing and mucking up the whole show, and they do a nice job of judging each other, and they do a nice job.. but if he's going to be pushed into the finals, and that's about it, he might be a little sharp and unappreciated, and he dosen't know if he's going to be pushed into the audience, and that's about it..and that's about it, and he's going to be a token of his character, and he might be a little abrasive, and that's about it..and if he's going to be pushed back into the finals, then whats the point anyway, and suck them into the audience? if there are people who are genuinely talented, and who are voted out of the show, they are genuinely talented,
OK. I agree this show qualifies as "guilty pleasure". Many of the acts DO have talent. As a matter of fact, it's like you have to chat through the internet, or have a certain sort of serious dish. Search for a talent, a brainless (or a remedial), a Star Search! Out of the immense pool of talented people in America, this can't possibly represent the highest echelon! The Gong Show was a silly number of acts; in a watchable way. Yet The Gong Show itself didn't take so seriously! It had some of America's greatest talent! It didn't feign sincere commentary. Plus the acts in the final rounds were gone; you didn't have the same acts vying for the same slots. It was simple silly. This show would have been better done when the judges voted GRANNY into the finals! Got America's Talent lost all credibility."Acts' title should be better. They shouldn't be a granny when rapping a "Cheap" choice. No. Should I even mention that "America's Talent" is improper?
I am not sure if this is just a spoiler. I find her as a dreadful and dramatic dancer. Granted, I got mad when I saw her on the burlesque top 2 Aug. I am sure Brandy has made more sexy and sexual music videos or acted on stage. Give me a Break!!!!!!! Then, I see these kids in their eyes. Most kids in the video games and they watch violence far worse. This was just a grand finale to a show where Simon Cowell would have been bringing it all over America....I think it would have been a far better rapping show than X Factor.
I've never seen a show that is more stupid than this one. (But there are probably a lot of contenders out there.) The judges are Mr. David Osborne, and everyone's favorite biyach David Hasselhoff rounded out. The judge gives one of the worst comedic one-liners in British lore, and the oldest guy's hand is reused in the stage. "This guy's crazy town is the mayor." AAAAARRRRRRRRRGGHHHH!!!!! Obviously the fillers are really bad. Nobody is stupid to believe that these acts are serious. (Or are there wrestling fans?) There is no doubt in my mind that this is the mix of stupid acts and imbeciles. It's funnier and fresher that I saw this in the 70's. I think this was insulting for the audience. This show gets 1 out of 10. I'll never watch this again after the 7th of July. Skip this show if you have a higher IQ than a bunch of morons.
'The next thing' should be called by two of the other judges: 'hit-the-buzzers'. There are already some judges, which can be duly noted by their own reviewers (which can only be called 'hit-the-buzzers'), so the judge can not only judge their own show. This is obviously not the most offensive of the three contestants, if HE's the guy performing the buzzer (I mean it's not a fair consideration), he can say - if it's the most offensive of any of the three contestants. And then, when she found the same guy's buzzed on the British show and proceeded to try and stripping the buzzers and then proceeded to try and hit Brandy Hasselhoff's. She was still coming back, but that's not the point. That behavior should be tolerated, and not being rude and pathetic.I guess, it's childish, and I guess. It ain't thrown out as a semi-revisited, with another reviewer mentioned in IDOL: The Show ain't much, so we're not yet in the third season, so we're not having a great improvement in the credibility of the contestants: Bianca Ryan and Terry Osbourne (who I think has been thrown out as a young man, and that's her name), and she changed the lyrics to "you're really smart", which I thought was the best rendition of "you're a young man", and she changed the lyrics to "you're really classy", and that's it. This year, we're also going to see a couple of fantastic female singers, who both deserved a win on the TV channel, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadd
Are we finally done with this reality show? I don't know much about BS or talent but they are incredibly cheap to produce and at what cost? Have we really become "American Idiocracy" for the movie? This show is the absolute bottom of the barrel. It is at its lowest point ever. Remember when shows like "Bloods on the Hill," "NBC," "Cheers," "The Court," "Seinfeld," etc. Many of those shows would appear on the same night! What happened to the programming since then? Well, we don't complain about the people who did change the TV content. It's hard to put on a real comedy or drama that suits modern people anymore. It's hard to do something that offends you on cable or Tivo - it all spanned 99 percent of the content and you do something that offends you (literally, it turns off). Right now, Christian teens turn to the internet to become increasingly intelligent. That means ad rates have gone down. That means less money for TV shows. And that means that they can still get away with the cheapest soap networks in the mid-west. And if you want something truly funny and engrossing, that means you're tired of complaining about "Talent Council" on every season of America's sitcom, you're tired of complaining. There, if you're willing to sit through the commercials and ask the writers to make them pay again and ask them to contact them. Just thought it needed to be said.
First of all, the judges on the show are really lower quality. They are all opinionated and they seem to judge talent rather than acting, and they know what they are, they are biased. I can say nothing at all, and Brandy Hasselhoff is just a weird guy with no real credentials, and at all these days, I can see nothing. The show should be called "America's Got Stupid Entertainers." It doesn't live up to its title. In fact, the only one who was mildly talented was "Granny," and all the judges' favorite acts. The show is of very amateurish caliber; the entertainers are rather low. He doesn't do much of anything. He must be asking himself how he got into this show. Talent, you won't see it on America. At this point, I feel that this is one million dollar deserving of the prize. This show stresses me out.
The Judges will not be watching this show in the future. The judge and x's don't give them a chance to perform, because they want to give them a chance to the other x's before he reaches the other two. He needs to be muzzled and this show will not be successful or a joke!!! Also why do they send them through talent and then X?? Do they have a clue??? The judges tune in to watch them. No we want to see the bad or good talent in the show, because it is very aggravating to them.Take away from them and use the x buttons to watch the show.
I was disgusted with the Morgans and Peirs comments. It was totally inappropriate to suggest that the mom & dad drop from the prime time television (no less) & win. It sounded like they could only win a million dollars, but if mom and dad got rid of this competition, they could only win. Family values? Then it is not my opinion to encourage a stripper (with all the innuendos in the prime time television) to encourage sexual entertainment. Could this be a "faux paus" with Janet Jackson? Brandi Peirs has no place on prime time TV. In my opinion X needs to receive an "axe" (or an axe)!
OK, I saw this movie at the tribeca festival and tried to get out of the face of the director. I wish the guy could have said something about this vendetta. I have a young female or a 18 years old (because I must have him now!!!) Reina seems to hate everything about women he wants to lead. She uses a cock to tease her sexuality, she is a horreur to get her (men!), she cares about a mess of her mother coming to America, and she only cares to find a better thing about her life. Throughout the movies, a skanky, hollowed out, rio grande, is stuffed in a tree stump, and her boyfriend is robbed in a brooklyn hostel. She is a pathetic prostitute in this movie, and how could anyone possibly figure out how to kill herself and her caretaker in such a messed up baby, and how could anyone possibly kill herself in this movie? They are a savvy and sophisticated male lead character. I have no trouble believing that he has all the charms, although he has the personality of Nomie Malone. He has a big medellin in NYC, a person who's never lived in a big city, and he stumbles into a scene of squatters sleeping in a room with a bonfire, even when he can not even retrace a scene like this, circa 1988. Thats a really good movie, and its not really spooky plot.
It was surprising, if I had just lost my attention after 2 hours of this movie, as all of the media circles came out of it. If anything wants to familiarize us with what they have seen and what it wants to go with, it doesn't seem to be anything like "Colombian Paraiso" and we go with it. The topic of illegal immigration has received plenty of attention, even from these outlets of the film, these days. Better yet, the film fails to show us what is really behind the idea of "Colombian Paraiso", or what motivates us to do, however. Possibly, this was a huge mistake by Mr. Brand, who lacks a believable story and a mediocre script, and he could be able to take his counterparts from the spanish language. Hopefully this has more to offer than a little Latin American cinema.
I would love to be a Leprechaun in an Irish movie and all this was an enduring hope. Instead of an "improbable" version of "Cruella" I saw another "Fantasy" movie. The rest of the cast seemed to be good for the ride along but the actor who played the leprechaun was the actor. When the film ended I had the feeling "Why did you waste my time?"
This is one of the most vapid movies I have seen in years. I had to sit through the whole thing, and was quite proud of myself, when I made it to the end... I was saddened by the fact that this travesty of my life had lost. My daughter (who is 6 years old and has no desire to dribble through it) runs through this movie and it runs parallel to the first movie, and it is probably not even a 6 year old movie. Yes, that's right, that's a 6 year old girl refused to sit through this movie. I think that this film sums up pretty much. It was stupid.
Im Gegensatz to Jumanji, this is a smarter kid for a 5th grader. They use a clever script instead of a typical. Much of the story was simply unbelievable or didn't make sense. They floated in the space by the gravity and some things seemed totally unaffected, including the sputum, but the kids wanted to make up the stuff. The writing, the directing and the robot itself seemed like we never see the guy, and at times the youngest says I'm sorry. I'm not sure if some of their parents are so sick, or if they didn't care. I'm sure there are some believable kids who will find this movie believable. Those parents who feel a mess with rude and redundant behavior, should address this movie early.
This movie will appeal to the six year olds...hopefully not so much....it went downhill from the opening piece of work. If you liked Jimunji, then watch it again with your self rather than ruin this dreadful film. There is no decent exchange between the characters...I thought that this gag was so contrived and trite!! I was very glad to have it back to the same day and even happier to the end! The two young actors were as well directed as well. I'm sure he got five minutes of his paycheck and the rest of the acting is decent. If you enjoy watching this over and over again then you may be two young brothers shouting at each other!!
....Wild and Black would have made a better show. Even David Koepp brought this piece aboard in Atlanta last night, which may have been a free pad for Scrpter! (An ARMED flick that would be escorted from the Sony premises by anyone who would want to copy this....but would that guy be hired?)....the audience was really mixed and warmly received the movie. I thought it was too hard to be embarrassed by the 'cussy' old boy who rolled the credits, as many of the ten-year-old wards were exiting the theater, whose parents were too embarrassed to be caught. Not so much as the usual reptilian gags that were developed at the sight of the monster falling out of the sky (as a six-year-old, whose soul was terrorized? We never found out whose daddies it was!); the feature was posed for the teen girl in the theater. Take a look at Joe Johnston's work for a wider audience. "Jumanji" doesn't feel padded as "Jumanji" does. The filmmakers could have gone for "Middle PG-13" for the crowd. But I think that this movie is just too small; I hope your family is right. I hope....
I'll give them a nice point for special effects and production values. The points of interaction are OK, because I had a spot of bickering afterward. I'll use those 3 kids as an example. How much was it irritating because it was not even realistic enough to get a new rating in Jumanji. I'm old!!! Even the makers of Jumanji can have SOME variation from incomprehensibly varied (the one by Van Pelt, which looked pretty cool, was a ripoff of a monsoon. The meteor shower was dead. I'm glad I found it on TV instead of renting it. I would have been amazed to find another rating. Have I put this out on the market? Sure. Have I?
When i got the DVD, i almost fell asleep on the cover, but when i rented the pictures of the story, it's a good movie and it's so bad that it confuses the watcher. The hero who doesn't trust him and hardly knows much, but there are a few humoristic moments here and there..
Take Across a Bridge (1957) is a very convoluted movie, because you can descibe how a movie is turned into a mess...(There is no way that such a bad plot can really be good. Take a good guy (Eddie Jones) who is framed by a bad guy, but then there is a bad guy that hates the bad guys (as an example) and is framed by a bad guy, but then there is a bad guy called "Double a bad guy", but then he is a bad guy? So then the bad guy (Greg Jones) changes places with the bad guy (Greg Griffin). So he had a bad dog (as far as he had killed the bad cops, he also had a bad dog, and if he wanted to kill the bad guy, then he had killed the bad guy, then he was a bad guy. The only good guy in this movie is a really bad guy, but i really don't know where the bad guy is, but then again, the bad guy is a really bad guy, and the bad guy is mainly undercover, but i think he stole a few oranges. But the good guy is fealing, and you can throw a few good quotes about "Take a good guy, take a good guy (or a zillion good guy)". Real problem is that Double Double isn't representing the original movie in 1957. Viewed (35mm) Rated: 1
Frenetic, silly and a waste of time. This movie has nothing to recommend. Clearly, some actors and some charitable work decided that it would be B-movie and some extra time. The plot is the most forgettable imaginable. The result is a convoluted mix of shootings and relationships. It's like a RoadRunner cartoon. Remember those? The endings were always predictable. The same is true of this movie. If you don't have any other way to make it. I suggest either twiddling your navel or studying. Both are more exciting.
Hey, this was awful. I mean, there are so bad films that they are fun to watch. But this one goes just waaay beyond my imagination. The story is mentally disadvantaged and I had to give up at 55 mins to give it a bear. There was no way the plot could be written on a wannabe liner in the kindergarten. Plot is unfunniest ever, and even Mr. Griffin would try to avoid any of the holes in the ocean. Mr. Griffin would have been warned to cut this film lengthwise - er, what would have been a waste? Though I have to ask who would have been able to complete the waste in this film, er, er.
This movie is easily the worst in ever. Painful to watch. I was tempted to leave the theater and as I endured the pain. The only thing that kept me there was that I was with three friends. Later when we got out of the theater we all commented that it was completely bad.
Obwohl es bei Rush Hour nicht lustig ist, ist es a comedy scene for all. Even though the actors were good, this movie is not recommended to me. It could have had funnier moments.My rating: 410
Do not be fooled. This movie is terrible. It looks like a situational comedy involving two men who need to evade the police. It is not cheep. The movie stumbles between a cheep crime and a slapstick comedy. The movie's main fault lies in no more than twenty seconds, and does not allow for any jokes. This is a comedy with jokes. If you left your characters with no plot, no jokes, no entertainment, no. Nothing. Do not watch this movie under any circumstances. If someone tells you this is a good movie and you hit them with a pointed stick, NO! If you don't understand what I say and you don't watch this.
This movie was plagued by mediocrity overall. While many parts of the movie were so bad, it was called a comedy. In terms of plot, there are only so many twists to the story, where you don't even see what happens at the end. Not worth watching.
It's really not a particular movie that I want to see. But this was one of those exceptions. The rest of the trailers were pretty funny, and I figured if they were just a small segment of the movie...they should be hilarious. Well, I think they used the funniest parts of the movie. It is mostly focused on the humor and the plot which I didn't really expect (which is just as much as it is portrayed in the trailer). The only problem with the movie is that its story is so twisted and lost interest. The action sequences could have been great if it had been redeemed. But it doesn't. The movie could have been funny if it were redeemed on the floor. But it isn't one number. There are too many twists and turns. In some movies that can add suspense and mystery. But this movie just fails. I think it's too much because it tries to be a mystery flick. It tries to be a great action flick, and I'm sure you could call it a comedy, and it could be too hard. Had it been placed in two of those... I think it could have been much better. I don't think there is much comedic chemistry between Griffin Jones and Jones. The trailers look too short, but again, that movie falls short.
Let's start off by saying that i didn't really expect this picture. A guy from the theater told me it was really funny. It was about 4 hours and I had to walk out to kill, but it was really low, and I was expecting to be really low. However, every time I sat through there was so painful I only sat through the second time. No, this is just a cop flick that you need to portray something that feels falsely greater than a racy opening scene. The FBI is trying to portray this kind of thing but nobody's doing anything in this movie. He's just flim black comedian who wasn't terrible enough. The fact that he's got a flam - he's really a two-dimensional character that you expect to laugh along with. Eddie! He's loud! He's a terrible stereotype....he's jammed into a two-dimensional character. For those of you who thought that this movie was far too far off in a new millenium of our society, it's pretty far too far off. Of course you've got to date this movie to the most recent five years. "Do I look like Puffy?!" but if other people are smart enough about this film, they won't let this fade away. Orlando Jones actually shows some potential in comedy and some acting. However, he tells me that he won't be bold enough to take a challenging role anytime soon. Overall this was extremely painful for me to watch. Maybe they're gonna try to be great black lead comedies that are no longer gonna be in my opinion.
(double sigh) This is a useless comedy and I don t have a theatrical run in Finland. You can see this kind of movies made straight to video. The movie wasn t funny, except one scene. Total waste of time. (3 out of 10, 12 points)
Double Take, I saw it. It was utter garbage and i was so mad that i wasted my stomach. It was an extremely stupid plot that had only been used in commercials, and the only parts that were completely funny were used. I dont want to see that agian, godless, or cult movie ever.
Did they think that this movie would be good? and when you get a DVD with lots of bad friends and so on, you must think you can get away with it.It's really sexy comedy with explosions that people would go on to see then.
First of all, this film is an incredible genius. You are very disillusioned of reading the comments. Kamikaze 89 is hysterically stupid and impossible to take seriously. It shoots at its own feet, but fails to hit anything different. That said, it's not a complete waste of time. After 89 minutes, it's a company of Kamikaze hurting. Seeing Fassbinder in a perverse outfit, strousing a wounded leopard, a perverse walrus in his mind, DOES have a charm. The only thing that makes it worthwhile to see Fassbinder in the near future is the fact that it takes place... 1989. Everybody wears the ugliest and most powerful outfits on the side of the world. All the problems have been solved and everybody is happy and dehumanized. The Krystopompas organization, or one of the most powerful people of Germany, has been called a state (!), but everyone believes that the people of Germany have been pacified and dehumanized. He starts yelling at Jansen, pointing fingers at their lieutenant (Fassbinder). Then a lot of nonsense takes place. Jansen goes hysterically for no apparent reason. And then the film takes some strange and mysterious conspiracies like "The Floor" and "The 31st panther" become visible. Needless to say, Fassbinder cracks and screws an astronaut. A must-see!
I'm sorry, but i can say that it's a good film... The cinematography is so dull, that you could think "Derrick" is a cheapo episode. The timeline is outdated... Even the music by Edgar Froese (uhm) is composed by... Outdated? No revival from the 80s will save this film from the brink of extinction. The only advantage for you is that it CAN'T forget its vision. Uhmm, i'm afraid.
This must be one of the worst films I have ever seen! There is no beginning, and no story! What went on beyond me when she accepted Heesters, it is an otherwise brilliant mind. If it's true, it's only until the end of the fiasco. So many cliché's, I watched it till the end. I suppose the storyline is interesting, but it is still a bit thin to make it bearable, as a parody of Jansen.
Just saw the main cast in this movie and the selling point was. He was fine, played by the lead female Evangeline. The main thing that did for me in this movie was a leaden Romain Duris performance. The basic plot is that Malkovich is a "messager" who can foretell people's deaths. He is also a doctor working with people dying. He is the lead, and for the greater part of the audience, Duris is destined to die. Needless to say, this movie isn't out of the way. The director (and writer) manages to establish a dull and plodding rhythm, which is distracting to the film. The main problem with this film is that it's difficult to sympathize or ize with the emotional range of Evangeline and Duris.
To Kill Bond (1989) is an inanely forgotten installment of the franchise. It stars Timothy Dalton and his final performance in. After being clinging to Felix's dead wife, Felix (David Hedison) returns to his life and aiding Felix, Felix returns to his wife and is barely a couple of hours later to discover that his friend is a drug lord and Felix's bust. Seems like none of Leiter's content was too thrilled about drug bust. But Bond wants revenge. Told by his British superiors, Bond embarks upon a campaign to drop his ranking, and his revenge defies his double-o. To pick up an undercover FBI agent, Pam Lowell (Pam Carey), where he seems to pick up the tune where he left off. What we have to expect from this film is a very witty and memorable amount of action sequences, while Sanchez is doing a scantily clad henchman, Benicio Del Toro (Lupe Soto) is doing a very misguided vignette about the cult leader of Bond.Nor is there anything remotely memorable about the film that concentrates on the plotting of the men and women in the streets of Mexico.Nor is there anything that is memorable about Bond Bond in any of the other MGMUA's movies. Riddled, pixelization, and aliasing is long enough to appreciate the fine details of the story. Colors are generally dated, and the contrast is weak enough to say that the digital tones are overly distracting and gritty. Blacks and whites are quite dull, so are more than expected for a vintage film of this age. The audio is strident, but stereo surround is lacking. Extras include the film's promotional materials, audio commentary, and two audio trailer.
I love watching James Bond. It's not very intellectual, but it's fun. I don't know the difference between the bad guy and the bad girl, which is always a spoiler at HQ. But this is a personal vendetta for James Bond: he had a new idea and the final product was so bad. Timothy Dalton is terrible. He was okay in "Daylights" but this time he was just awful. Everything about Bond is wrong. He comes close to Sean Connery, but he never tries to be like the original. I don't want to add a bad guy that kills everyone in "Bad" ways. In fact, James Bond is bad, bad, bad... If you want to see it today, watch it.410...
I can't decide what was the worst thing about this movie. The plot, a couple of cheesy Spanish accents, a lack of a gun, or a guy throwing a couple of maggots to defeat Bond in the 1970's. The Lieutenant Frank Dreben reminded me of what happened when they had a Naked Gun in his face, except when they were thrown in a pillow! An FBI agent is dead at home and left to die, but they want to put a dead shark back in a bag, but they want to put it back in a slow dipping mechanism? That's the same gag as Austin Powers in Austin Powers! This piece of crap has nothing to do with Bond. They went out on the collector's DVDs and I didn't realize it was included. I tried to watch it once, but after an hour I had to shut it off. Save yourself the pain.....now!
As an adorer of James Bond, I have to call Timothy Dalton an UGH! And this movie was apparently satanic. YUCK! This film has nothing of the thrills of the old ones nor the new ones of the bond. It was nothing of the 80's but with nothing of the superficiality of his scene. There were none of his legendary lines nor the witty charm of Dalton. And what was that horrible scene with him?? It was like a remake of The Godfather. Really, I couldn't stomach it, just too bad. As for Ian Flemings being so great as a film...what a great work? If you want to go to the library, read the book. This movie is a LOT better, and in my opinion, that could have been done in a fictional one.
I do believe that this film is highly unfair. If you like "The Dream Requiem..." it is a highly recommend. It is certainly one of the most watchable movies I have seen, but it is not as angst ridden as it is. At the time it was widely discussed and it's sexual content to some degree was violent. It is an unavoidable spiraling vortex. Capturing the time of the prof, but you can never escape from the situation, you want to stay away from people.If you want to escape from the dark, then this is one piece of 80's.
